a quick learner with excellent track record -always keen to learn new things -focused and punctual -detail oriented and highly organised -affluent english and writing. good communicator -leadership qualities -optimistic -trusted administrator -proficient sense of design and aesthetics
i am passionate about creating products which are striking yet simple. i love working with new technologies  researching new ways to use them and incorporating them with existing techniques to see the variety of results which can be achieved. i am responsible, organized and communicative with excellent attention to detail. i am prepared to take on any challenge, regardless of the level of complexity as i constantly expand my skill-set. i push the boundaries, both personally and professionally, and thrive on the continual acquisition of knowledge.
reading, swimming and yoga, 16+ years experienced senior interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the hospitality industry. skilled in photo-shop, in-design, microsoft, specification writing, design management, and hospitality industry. strong operations professional with a ba focused in interior design from the art institute of las vegas.
designer & maker - imagine a convincing wall of buzzwords here.  please read   i rarely read or answer linkedin messages,  new york, new york,tory burch is founder, designer and executive chairman of tory burch, an american sportswear and lifestyle brand. raised in valley forge, pennsylvania, tory graduated from the university of pennsylvania with a degree in art history, then moved to new york to pursue a career in fashion. she worked in pr & marketing for several american designers, including ralph lauren, vera wang and narciso rodriguez at loewe.   she launched tory burch in 2004 with a small boutique in manhattan  since then the brand has grown into a global business with 180 freestanding stores in cities from new york and los angeles to shanghai, milan and, paris.   in september 2015, she launched tory sport, a performance activewear collection with clothing, bags, shoes and accessories for running, studio
look new job around the world.  i have team model silver and cad, as an entrepreneur, i own and manage two highly successful companies within the design field.  established as a premier interior designer, i've designed both commercial and residential spaces for over 25 years.     my personality, brand, and designs have been featured throughout nationally recognized medias, including the following  hgtv, diy network, shop nbc, forbes magazine, mpls/st paul magazine, smartmoney, celebrity cook off, kare, fox, cbs, nbc and wcco.      designing the senses    has been the inspiration in my personal aesthetic style, from designing an entire home's ambiance to beautifully presented culinary creations. introducing this art within a public forum, i author the blog, designing the senses. i also write articles featuring interior design
skill set graphics designer  * new product design * pattern engineering * footwear design & development * quality assurance * trends analysis * color combination * product sampling *prototype development
extremely creative and experienced fashion design professional with extensive experience in coordinating all aspects of operations while demonstrating attention to detail and inventive qualities.       astute knowledge of product development for clothing lines as well as various computerized design programs.       excellent problem solver with strong sales analysis and reporting skills, skilled in areas of order processing, and inventory control.      hardworking, energetic, and reliable  recognized for assuming additional responsibilities.       experience interfacing with factory departments, sales reps, pr, contractors and vendors both import and domestically.      extensive knowledge of denim fabric and leather.     proficient in mac and pc, illustrator, photoshop, microsoft office.
best way to reach jake knapp is the inventor of the design sprint and a new york times bestselling author. he   s written two books, sprint and make time, and has coached teams at places like slack, lego, ideo, and nasa on design strategy and time management.   previously, jake helped build products like gmail, google hangouts, and microsoft encarta. he is currently among the world   s tallest designers.,
i am a graphic generalist with a firm understanding of graphic designing. i love to design logo and brand identity.   my areas of expertise are logo design,brand identity,brochure design, business card design, web template design,glamour retouching,cd / dvd cover design etc.  specialties   ......................................................................................................................     logo design.      brand identity.      brochure design.      business card design.      web template design.      glamour retouching.      cd / dvd cover design. ......................................................................................................................,ashutoshjha
skilled in marketing & digital strategy, art direction, and content  ,charlotte dunagan is passionate about design. she is known for her ability to create spaces that emanate genuine sophistication, understated elegance and warmth. charlotte   s use of her world class resources far exceeds her delighted client   s expectations again and again. as a principal and owner of dunagan diverio design group, a high-end design firm based in miami, florida she and her team provides distinctive quality, exceptional design and unparalleled service.   charlotte began her formal arts educations at the mgm school of design in nice, france where she studied graphic design, fashion and interior design. building on this strong arts foundation and specializing in interior design, charlotte continued and completed her studies in 1997 at the art institute of fort lauderdale, florida with a bachelor of science in interior design. upon graduation charlotte received the most outstanding thesis and academic excellence awards.   dunagan diverio design group specializes in high end, large scale residential and boutique commercial projects in south florida, the caribbean and europe. the client is the main inspiration in creating spaces with timeless simplicity and a versatility of style that ranges from traditional to modern. dunagan diverio design group collaborates with architects from day one of the planning process to create livable spaces that balance both form and function. the firm develops long term relationships with clients gaining their trust and respect and now has a 100% referral and word of mouth business with a waiting list for future projects.,
proficient subordinate engineer delivering an exceptional level of service to each clients by listening to concerns and answering questions and setting a positive example for team members by providing efficient, quality service with illustrated saga of working in the architecture and planning diligence. adroit in auto cad, construction, engineering, architecture and revit software. determined engineering professional with a be- bachelor of engineering fascinated in civil engineering from ucet (universal college of engineering and technology)-996.
experienced freelance graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in graphics, graphics layout, logo design, social media advertising, and social media marketing. strong arts and design professional with a bca focused in bca in multimedia from xplora design skool.
hello all, hope you are doing well! we pleasure to informed you ,we are providing services in solar design and drafting. we are a startup company dealing in solar design and drafting (****) takes care of the design portion of all solar designs and drafting. we tailor our designs based on the different city and county codes and regulations, allowing for a smooth submittal the first time.(*********) appreciates the time sensitive nature of a solar installation, so we work quickly and efficiently to get the designs done. we excel in quick and precise designs and building relationships with our clients as well as your installation jurisdiction. we are committed to minimizing total installed cost by offering inexpensive submittal sets that reduce material and labor expenses. we have more than 15 year experience. our services aesthetics we design solar systems that are harmonious with their surroundings. we are provide the solar attachment with roof details explain - comp shingle, flat tiles ,curve tiles ,  metal roof lat roof ,slop roof all detail solar roof plan racking details  attachment  string details 3ld and sld electrical line diagram calculation  placards modular inventor junction box disconnect racking  data sheet etc   we account for site specific parameters to maximize energy output. long term reliability a well designed system minimizes your service and maintenance and provides your customers with the peace of mind that their system will generate reliably for decades. fire and life safety thorough knowledge of fire protection engineering gives us insight to help you install safe solar systems. economy of materials our designs minimize waste and are easier to install. not only will this save you money, but it will also preserve natural resources.
i   m a designer with a strong focus on top-notch ui, ux, identity & motion design. i have taken part in the development of more than 50+ mobile & web projects working side by side with teams in the us, india, croatia, netherlands, czech republic, and germany. technically sophisticated and innovative design professional with six years of experience capturing the competitive advantage through interactive designs dedicated to optimising the user experience.  exceptional interpersonal communication skills leveraged by artistic talent and a dedication to meeting and exceeding all expectations in project delivery. demonstrated success influencing brand identity through creative design and content strategy for progressive and revenue generating projects from conception to completion.  notable clients & agencies i   ve worked with are  fan duel, chefstalk, foxrey, paypal, make my trip, balkan brothers, creative dash.,
arthur kenzo is an industrial designer at google. his skills include industrial design, product design, user experience, and project management. his work focuses on creating meaningful product experiences that connect brands to the physical world. originally from france, where he graduated from a bachelor in product design, he received a master in advanced studies in industrial design in shanghai, where he worked for hisense, one of the top multinational electronics manufacturer based in china. arthur pursued his career in the united states, working for leading design consultancies such as lunar and fuseproject in san francisco. over the past 10 years, he has created product solutions for a broad range of client, from multinational companies to the most innovative start-ups, including samsung, paypal, cisco, hp, johnson controls, alcatel
still thinking of something clever or minimally appealing to write here that   s worthy of your attention my dear friends  it might be a while...,jf_pebencbravo - a cooperative company
designer who specializes in fashion, activewear, and visual communication.   staying up on the market as well as latest technology in hopes to someday bridge the gap between big technological innovation & fashion aesthetic.  waiting to be scooped up for a new challenge (large or small) and anxious to be working with others again soon!     us creatives deserve to delight in fearless design to help lift the human spirit during these rough times.  and the consumer deserves to be delighted and inspired as well!,
graphic design is my passion i enjoy creating art, and taking photos, poster design visual art illustration drawing photography i love my work
greater seattle area,i love collaboration and go to great lengths to guide my clients beyond their comfort zone. i strive to achieve a    flamboyance of contrast        a style that is personal and forward. i bring my cosmopolitan training to offer clients a wider perspective on space, light, and design.   i am the owner and principal of the ariana designs llc, a full-service interior and architectural design company, using the latest approaches and technology in the industry to bring both built and unbuilt spaces to life.  our effort was recognized when my team and i won the regional (puget sound) award in 2018 and national award in 2019 on the national kitchen & bath association (nkba) competition. far more important it had been recognized by the clients, as we continue to justify their trust by meeting the specific needs of each client with creative and flexible design solutions.   we believe form and function are one, and our goal is to create a space that reflects your company   s uniqueness. no project is too big or too small for us. we will work with the city to help you with building permits and be your designer for commercial, hospitality/luxury highrise, multi-family, restaurant or office project.  all you need to do is share your ideas and desires, and we   ll deliver a solution tailored specifically for you.,creativemariana
i am focused on creating simple, clean and smart user interfaces while continuing to explore the ever-changing interactive world. i have over 4 years and 8 months of relevant experience. in ui/ux design, web design, mobile design, print design. i work across industries and across digital devices on application designs, e-commerce solutions and websites for businesses, large and small. design is not only my job, design is my passion.
athezoc is a multidisciplinary organization, based from the creative arts and design and also spiritual, philosophical and cultural realms. service extends to the following  graphics, the web, interiors, landscapes, architectural, music and literature and eventually fashion. the areas of urban planning/smart growth, restoration and re-purposing, community development, wildlife and environmental awareness and service are also important components to the work of this organization. while being a 501(c)3 non-profit there is also a separate for profit component that works directly in assisting athezoc. a portion of proceeds from the for profit organization are applied to humanitarian and environmental outreach.,
rani boutique & fashion technology,fashion designer ,i'm an artist. welcome to my world of design. i can create & design just about anything! i can work from anywhere on any type of project. just give me a try...i am looking for new and exciting projects!,lanahtecouture, ,lanah te couture
i am a product designer with deep experience designing and crafting learning platforms and information-dense web apps with in-depth experience with data, education, publishing, and media. i am adept in user research, interaction design, visual design, design systems, and user testing. i lead product design at w. w. norton & co, inc. for three years where i designed a homework platform. i most recently lead the development of large scale data collection feature.,patcartelli,
i am a fashion designer - freelance from los angeles / for 17 years  if you have some work let me know  )  if anyone need my fashion tp and design let me know i can work remotely from sunshine state los angeles  i will bring sunshine with me  )  ayumi suzuki williams    i also want to start my own community and company too where all people involve will be happy and satisfied  to create simply e-commerce apparel brand that   s meaningful and have good intention. treat people good and kind + mommy friendly apparel company who can empower the women . i already have a digital marketing and social media team and an in-house production 
i am a ui / ux designer with strength in consumer research and the passion to excel under every circumstances. having worked in different scenarios, i was lucky to take on substantial projects single handedly and conduct all the ux processes by myself.  key skills       ability to manage ux projects single handedly as primary designer for multiple clients, taking full responsibility for the design from initial concept through to final delivery.     conducting user research, designing user workflows, documenting user stories, building wireframes and testing functional mock-ups with users.     excel in running heuristics principles to revamp applications      skills in creating user centric product     team player
i'm a full-service product designer with a strong visual design background. i've worked across a range of fields including advertising, e-commerce, wearables, smart lighting, travel and television.,
elise kotelnikova international interior designer and the founder of the luxe interior, a las vegas-based interior design ff & e firm dedicated to creating beautiful spaces portrays elegance and sophistication.   elise began her journey at a very young age. an extremely visual and creative interior designer, today, she specializes in luxury residential, commercial and hospitality  interiors.,
a passionate ux professional with about 6+ years of experience.  i personally am inspired to design and build experiences that are useful, pleasant and meaningful. to me, good design solution comes from deep empathy of users, a good understanding of the problem, constraints and business objectives, iterations by closely incorporating user's feedback and intentional decision with solid reasoning.  technical skillset   microsoft visio, adobe photoshop, illustrator, xd , sketch, invision, principle etc.,
i   ve been in love with art and design since the day i picked up my first crayon. constantly drawing, doodling  and making things as i grew up, i always knew that i wanted to pursue a creative career. art has always been my first love and i continue to practice with mediums such as painting, i have graduating in fine arts (2001-2005) with ist division from govt. college of arts sector 10 under punjab university and post-graduation in history of fine arts in the year 2007. my studies have included courses in computer science. i understand the position also requires a candidate who is team- and detail-oriented, works well under pressure, and can deal with people in departments throughout the firm. these are skills i developed both in my course work and in my recent internship.  i   ve been a professional designer  with over 7 years of experience in brand identity, web design, ui. we work closely with our clients throughout the design process. we also prefer a diverse selection of clients and projects, from small start ups to big companies with a long tradition.,
i am privileged to have lived the american dream. i first entered the world of fashion in 1970 when i moved to new york city with a few jersey dresses i had made in italy. just two years later, i founded the company that bears my name. in 1974, i introduced the wrap dress, which came to symbolize independence and power for generations of women. dvf is now a global luxury lifestyle brand.   as i have become empowered myself, i have dedicated my life to empowering other women through fashion, philanthropy and mentorship. as chairwoman of the council of fashion designers of america (cfda), i help to foster emerging talent in design. for more than a decade, i have served on the board of vital voices, an organization that supports female leaders and entrepreneurs around the world. in 2010, with the diller-von furstenberg family foundation, i established the dvf awards to honor and provide grants to extraordinary women who have displayed leadership, strength and courage in their commitment to their causes.   with my corporate headquarters in new york   s meatpacking district, i was proud to be involved in the campaign to save the historic high line railway and to develop the high line into what it is today. i also serve on the board of the statue of liberty   ellis island foundation and am honored to lead the effort to raise funds for the foundation, which, in partnership with the national park service, is building the new statue of liberty museum and will continue the beautification of liberty island. i am also excited to serve on the board of the shed, the new center for artistic and cultural innovation in new york city
experienced visual designer with a budding demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in and continuing to develop my craft through photography, studio lighting, design, advertising, typography, and film. bachelor of fine art focused in advertising design & motion media from savannah college of art and design. if you're interested in collaborating drop me a line.,lamonenigma
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the transportation design and renewables manufacturing industry.  skilled in  -digital and traditional sketching -autodesk alias -solidworks  -creo -plastic part dfma -prototyping -on-board diagnostics -composite mold design.   strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of fine arts (bfa) focused in industrial and transportation design from academy of art university.,mcinnis design
i have been working in software industry for 8+ years, with my most recent experience being a sr.ui/ux  designer at software ag. i can write solid and well organized code from the scratch with a focus on a user friendly environment.   i have a great passion for design which always help me to seek new ideas and find solutions that are sustainable and re-usable. i possess valuable skills such as good communication and high creativity that i believe make me  best suited for the position of ui/ux or front-end developer in your company
in the past 9 years, i had a background in working with an excellent chinese company, tencent. after three years of web design & new media master program, i was responsible for end-to-end ux/ui design for a start-up company, boostinsider for one year. i   ve been working at sap ariba (focusing on guiding buying, b2b market place)  and sap c4c team for 4 years, i currently have provided ux/ui design solutions for sales and service/c4c products including contract lifecycle management (clm), configure pricing and quote (cpq), guided selling & if design award  sap sales cloud native apps.  i have a background of working in 2c   s products, and 2b's company, plus i have years of aesthetic sensibilities, visual design skills, and have lots of ux design experience. i can integrate into the end-to-end design work with various aspects of product design thinking also with my passion for design.,
founder and creator of m.r. walls, an architectural product blending design, digital fabrication with installation assembly.   inspired by nature   s unique and complex forms, mario designed his own building systems.  his homes contain structures that undulate like ocean waves. his interior wall surfaces are carved with intricate gradient lines that evoke the desire to touch them.     it   s something like a second nature,    he says.    nature never goes out of style.    his designs are organic, wholly variable and scripted like blocks of dna.   defining a new realm of the urban landscape mario draws on over a decade of designer research.,marioromanoca,
,december 2,i'm a ux /ui designer and creative director with real state, sports, hospitality, ecommerce domain expertise. i started my career 6 years ago, as a web designer and front end developer for local startups, however, did not take me long to top the lead user experience and interface chart, bringing impact via innovation to international startups and established corporations.   for 6 years of success and experience, i've advocated for my users, iterated and launched big ideas (leading edge websites & mobile applications) via a team-focused, agile environment, collaborative management style - and designed solutions and communication strategies to help my clients boost their services quality, increase their revenue, size, and reach.  currently leading a team of professional creatives and expert developers who love to create exciting stuff everyday. i offer a proven ability to conduct creative analysis and design best-fit solutions including         creative direction      interaction design      user experience design      user interface design      website design and development       app design and development      graphic design   as a detail-oriented team lead with a passion for excellence, i am adept at listening to your needs, then analyzing and implementing the best solution.  i promise a clear communication and i guarantee work satisfaction. thank you in advance for your consideration.
currently a very driven architect, i am focused on setting goals for the near future and achieving them. i believe that punctuality is the key to success in any given field. i am definitely the 'thinking-tank' and am a little obsessed with working on things with a plan and thus, you'd always find me with a to-do list. apart from that, i come with a lot of sarcasm, fun and a strong cup of coffee. studying architecture has opened me up not just in terms or 'spaces' or 'built forms but also our beautiful culture and its roots, human psychology and sensitivity toward nature's gifts to us. its made me believe that architecture really is the master of all arts! apart from architecture, i have interests in a variety of other things as well. i am a holder of a senior diploma in  indian classical dance and have organised, performed in and choreographed many events at my school level. i also have a flair for writing, fashion writing to be more precise! i am a personal style blogger at thebasicb, recording my endeavours and take on fashion with a very mood oriented approach.  i feel i am disciplined and determined and can work efficiently without compromising at anything.,
i am  proficient with website designing, psd,  psd to html, html 5, css, css3, parallax, responsive themes, bootstrap. i have developed and designed a complete suite of business and personal web design consisting of logo design, business cards, flyers, invitation card design as well as graphics, web banners.
i am prity, very passionate for every creative activities. as a designer, i love to create such things that people love. that is my primary goal. skills   ui/ux designer,graphic design, logo design, creative web template, mobile app design for andriod and ios. and create wireframe and prototype for web & app. tools   adobe creative suites. ms office. and prototype tools.
thanks for visiting my profile! yagnik is a brilliant intelligent and great proactivity person and an effective communicator and visionary. he has built a strong (and deserved) reputation as someone with vision, diligence and honour. yagnik is able to address and solve complex technical problems with excellent results.  currently i am working as a freelancer and i m looking freelancing work, if u have freelance work let me know i am interested to work with you. graphics designer and responsible for  generating innovative concepts, brand designing, generate design presentations, logos and web designing.  i am  studies bsc in bmg visual effect and animation at frameboxx institute. i am a graphics designer with bachelor   s degree with professional experience designing logos, corporate identity, catalogs, newsletters, presentations, sales collaterals, and advertisements. additionally, i have on hand experience with several designing software like coral draw, photoshop, illustrator,
we are a progressive group of designers, specializing in various sectors of life style designing. nine years of establishing in creative designing and still in the process of evolution, we assure and ensure to employ the idea of optimum utility and eco-friendly in all pour, in the projects undertaken.our new trend of innovations in eco-friendly is our driving force behind our business. we determine the buying behavior of our customers according to new trends.as the country is betting its economic future on the principle that buildings that not only reflect who we are, they also shape who we become. this changing attitude helps us to create designs of your dreams into reality with comfort and ambience in a cost effective manner. with space management and planning, we create an illusion of more space with colours, lightings and shapeswe are a group of architect and designers who undertake a range of projects including big-budget commercial schemes and high profile public buildings with most challenging and satisfying commission.we have the following projects to our credit.interiors  a) residential projects  villas and bungalow ' b) commercial projects  offices & showroom c) exhibition stallsexterior projects  a) elevations b) garden layouts,richa_jatale,
20 + years experience in facility management, interior design, corporate real estate design & construction, construction management, program management, facility planning, operations and strategic planning.   responsible for time equities inc. entire global facilities portfolio of approximately 32.8 million square feet of commercial, residential, industrial, office and retail property     including over 5,000 multi-family apartment units. with properties throughout the us, northern europe, the canadian providences, anguilla, germany, italy and the netherlands.  - residential and commercial interior design & construction - owner   s representative - commercial class a, b & c properties with square footage from 450 sq ft.     2.5m+ sq ft. - primary point of contact for the sale of large portfolios of real estate     greater new york city area - assisted with vast facility renovations, dispositions, relocations
designing is my passion... available for remote / fulltime / freelance / contract work   freelance graphic designer,remote freelance graphic designer
producer, experienced graphic designer, staging and preparing, appealing to buyers in real estate marketplace,  i am working as a freelance graphic designer and web designer and have an exceptional knowledge in developing business logos, graphic, i am passionate and enthusiastic to design and have the capability to create extraordinary designs with high visual impact according to the needs and requirements of the clients.  i find great people and find them great careers. this all starts with a conversation. along the way, we'll find it together and uncover their values, personal aspirations, and next career move.,
accomplished applications designer within the technological field, holding over seven years of proven experience creating conceptualized designs, functional demos and wireframes for presentations. highly skilled in html and css programming with a strong background in storyboard/motion design for high-end clients. outstanding managerial ability, demonstrating strong communication skills while leading, motivating and training a creative team in order to provide the highest quality service to clients. excellent creative and analytical capabilities providing quick, accurate, and positive visual results. strong work ethic, consistently adhering to company policies and procedures.   senior ux/ui mobile designer     supported business development team with wireframes and conceptual designs for both internal and external mobile financial products (ios) & ( android ).     managed functional demos for internal stakeholders and external partners.     established mobile design process and pipeline.     supported the business teams with functional ui/ux concepts.      created brand concepts for clients.  senior web designer     created wireframes and front-end design for client presentations.     managed and updated front end design for existing client portals.      provided front end html and css production programming for development teams     supported the marketing department with brand creation, trade show collateral, and client demos and presentations.      managed the creation of websites, as well as interactive and mobile projects.  interactive designer     produced web and mobile conceptual front end designs.     supported the development teams with front end html and css production for all projects.     managed contractors and external vendors per project.     created storyboard and motion design for client brands.     developed and implemented all stages of banner ad execution for add networks.      supported the account management team in client direction for new business ideals.,
i'm an ui/ux designer from hyderabad, india. i am creative by nature and continuously push myself professionally. i am loyal, honest and seek to work with like minded people. i enjoy giving my customers an easy and stress-free process that provides all ui elements in a manner that produces results for your business.  after taking care of your website design, development, i can also sort out your web hosting, web maintenance and ensure your website is mobile responsive! all these features combined will produce the results that will rocket your business to the next level!
i am a digital product designer with a background in computer science. i love complex problems and can't wait to ask questions.,_lillllifacebook
as a ui/ux designer, i have helped enterprises and startups from diverse industries create a modernistic yet rooted design language that helps them establish a known identity in their field.   to keep it simple, i speak in empathic concepts and frameworks to design, build, and grow engaging, authentic, and meaningful experiences. i take risks and i make mistakes. learn, rinse, and repeat.  my interests lie within designing for sustainability, accessibility, and maintaining a harmonious relationship between the analog and physical world for the future to come. using strategic and user-centered design methods, i aim to create experiences that mimic the natural world by transforming our exclusive memories into shareable journeys.  - designing for various ui + ux and branding and illustration projects. working independently and with a team as per requirement. - proficient in rapid transition of requirements in to user interface designs  key specialities   - ios apps - andriod apps - web interface designing - logos, web banners designing - brochures, posters designing - mobile user interface design,imharjap
i am a ux designer and researcher. i create impactful and enriching experiences which bring joy to people's lives through a user centered, data-driven design process. i help drive product and design decisions through conducting user research, designing wireframes and prototypes, and performing usability testing to further iterate upon them.
march 3, div  a time bound creative minded individual with an ability to put vision on screen, beyond boundaries of expectations and creativity. a playful ux/ui designer who would never settle for less, when it comes to visual appeals. for each of his projects he ensures optimum level of user engagement and innovative experience while making sure of client/customers    derivatives are meet. being blessed with an ability to see farfetched technological trends, has an x-ray vision to sense half way inputs and to complete them as a full picture beyond the expectation of requirements.
design work as documentation as under client requirement  ...like   my projects definition as  e-commerce, pic-reminder, medication diary, communication, digital calculator, recording, pdf viewer.  i am seeking a position within an organization or design firm in user experience (ux) and/or user interface design (ui). i will also convert my ui design into pixel perfect.  i call there me as psd for developer.  i would like to work together with window's software or mac's software.  my aim is to create better interfaces and experiences for the user, making the application   s and technology easier for the user. simplifying communication barriers by bridging the gap between end-users, designers and developers.
richard devine electronic artist and sound designer specializing in musical composition, mnemonics, field recording, sound effects, loop libraries, instrument patch design, specialized sound design for t.v./film, web media, and virtual reality.  during the past three years, richard devine has remixed top warp artists like aphex twin and mike patton (faith no more). he has released 6 full-length albums on schematic, warp, asphodel, and sublight records and has performed his own ear-tearing music mayhem worldwide. based from atlanta, georgia he has done film score work for touchstone pictures (with john hues & kyle cooper). he has also collaborated with bt (brian transeau on movie    surveillance    directed by adam rifkin, odopod, elias arts, wieden & kennedy, akqa inc., and has worked on commercials for the nike shoe company and worked with various companies doing sound design for audi
experienced search engine optimization analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in search engine optimization (seo), google adwords, keyword research, google webmaster tools, and social media optimization (smo),
vehicles reimagined. rezvani motors is a designer and manufacture of exotic vehicles. rezvani motors cars have a chiseled exterior design and offer significant power upgrades and performance levels. go beyond the ordinary.
initial screening of the candidates(to check candidate stability/skills/ willingness to work with us/ eligible to fulfill our co. job requirement).     coordinating with the technical & operational panel   s for interviews.     handling documentation of the candidates.     making attendance/ salary/ leaves/ absenteeism/birthday/ employee master data in excel sheet.     job postings on different portals like (indeed, shine, olx, quikr, fresherworld, linkedin, naukri, indeed, monster etc.)     follow up for day zero and induction.     handling co. admin. part.      conducting employee engagement activities.
14 years of overall experience in the internet industry with specialization in internet application development and deployment.  proven experience in building, leading and managing high performance, cross functional software engineering teams.
i teach my public seminar for data leaders seeking to learn how to create useful, usable, and simple data products that actually get used and produce value. we begin 7/13/20    i help data product leaders turn machine learning and analytics into simple, innovative decision support software   because customers don't use or value technically right, effectively wrong solutions.   if your customers and stakeholders can't or won't use your data-driven software to make decisions, then the technology was just a costly exercise, not an innovation. it doesn't matter whether it's traditional analytics, ml, ai or bi.    do you have an awesome data science or analytics team, but customers don't understand or value the software or models you produce    does your data science solution or data product make customers go                                when they see it   do you wish they viewed it as invaluable decision support that made them feel like                        do you lead the product or solution strategy for analytics apps, decision support solutions, or ai projects and share some of these challenges   * low adoption/user engagement   * customer attrition   * the business mandates ai and machine learning, but can't provide a clear problem for the data team to solve   * you've made significant investments in engineering, analytics, or data science, but your service's value still isn't emerging or obvious to users and stakeholders   * your product doesn't sell itself, requires significant explanation
experienced human resources executive skilled in research, human resources, english, microsoft excel, and management. strong human resources professional with a master of business administration (m.b.a.) focused in human resources management from guru nanak dev university.
with a 36 year experience in fashion designing, i am an industry trained professional with zeal to create and bring into the market, a fresh variety of indian ethnic wear, in sync with the ongoing market trends and practices in terms of latest trends in patterns, stitching and cuts.  i specialize in stitched and unstitched salwar-kameez with all types of dupattas especially in manual & multi-head embroidery and printing. i am also skilled in all types of dying and handwork.  to add a cherry on top, i have a total experience of 18 years in procurement and purchase of materials.,
have over 18 years of customer sales and service experience, and use my bilingual skills to help customers find a complete solution.  design many unique spaces to meet and exceed clients    needs and expectations.  create storage and organization solutions, and develop lasting relationships with customers by offering them a way to achieving the promise of an organized life.  building and establishing a rapport with customers and professional organizers by engaging with them and having them leave happily organized, and wanting to come back and tackle their next project.  use whole brained thinking to provide a strategic and creative road map to help customers visualize and implement a solution.  listen for clues, in order to help identify other needs that they might have.   most of all, feeling a great sense of pride and joy in helping others   , contain themselves, through the joy and satisfaction achieved with the promise of an organized life.
experienced founder with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in furnishings, autocad, client counseling, commercial design, and modern furniture. strong entrepreneurship professional with a bachelor's degree focused in interior design from jd institute.
i   m a brand and digital designer based in san francisco.   + brand development & rebranding + logo & identity system + brand style guide  + collateral, print & packaging  + environmental design  + iconography + broadcast design + motion design + website design + information architecture + wireframing + 
hello! i'm a transportation designer with a passion for finding captivating and sustainable solutions for the future. currently working in the automotive industry, i'm always eager to expand my knowledge into other design fields - open to freelance, collaborative, and part-time opportunities.
currently working at microsoft as a ux designer, i graduated from human centered design & engineering (hcde) program at the university of washington. skills  interaction design  prototyping  user research  usability testing  html+css  sketch+adobe creative 
designer for experimental products splendid 4d is an architectural visualization studio based in los angeles, california with a division studio in beijing, china. our chief digital artists have more than 50 years of combined working experience including lead designers, head architects, and chief engineers on global projects. in addition to traditional 3d rendering services, splendid 4d also offers 4d construction simulation-animation services through bim technology. for our clients, splendid 4d exclusively offers 3d models and rendering materials for 3d models. splendid 4d values every one of our clients and we guarantee to take their project to the next level.  
passionate about the intimate fashion industry, i wish to expand my skills by working with a dedicated and innovative team of professionals. my goal is to assist in bringing current international fashion trends to the indian market, developing unique styles, that beautiful as well as practical.
an interior designer having 7+ years of experience in designing projects ranging from residential, commercial, retail and hospitality. experienced owner with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in trend analysis, fashion illustration, textiles, knitwear, and draping. strong arts and design professional graduated from fashion institute of technology.  instagram -  nyembroiderystudio,
hba/hirsch bedner associates a self-motivated individual with over three years of experience working at a digital agency and as an in-house designer.     substantial knowledge of the adobe creative suite such as photoshop, illustrator, indesign, flash, dreamweaver and after effects.     experience wireframing and prototyping with balsamiq, omnigraffle, axure, invision, pidoco, and framerjs.     a masterful understanding of responsive design, mobile ui (ios & android), and other more obscure interfaces (10-foot, vending machines, and kiosks).     superior knowledge of front end engineering and have mastered html, css and jquery. working knowledge of javascript and coding fundamentals.     excellent verbal, written and visual communication skills pertinent to deep collaboration with product managers, user researchers
award winning product designer and president of lifestyledesign inc.  specialties  product design, product development, branding, brand strategy, design strategy, innovation strategy, engineering, fashion design,
to see more of my artwork, visit  caseypaintings on instagram or caseypaintings.com. submit custom artwork requests through my website for the fastest response.   specialties include      custom artwork     portrait art     paintings     airbrushing     abstract art     adobe illustrator & photoshop
a graphic designer, instructor, speaker and, sometimes, a consultant. most recently a senior staff author at linkedin learning, mr. mcwade in 1985 created pagelab, the world's first desktop publishing studio, and in 1990 he founded before & after magazine to teach graphic design to desktop publishers. before & after became known for its simple beauty, clarity of instruction, and especially its emphasis on design not as decoration but an essential form of communication. mr. mcwade's formative background is in printing and publication design, with a specialty in typography. he has authored three books     before & after page design, graphics for business, and how to design cool stuff.,johnmcwade
i'm a typophile and digital product designer who is unfazed by messy-middles  prototyping rapidly and scrappily to navigate through ambiguity. i strongly believe humility is crucial and the key to great design.  skills  user experience (ux), user interface design (ui), visual design (print & web), interaction design, user research, systems mapping, usability testing, rapid prototyping (physical & digital), wireframing, html, css, javascript.
i'm a designer, co-founder at blush who also writes comics.   i rarely open my inbox on linkedin. if you wanna chat about partnerships with blush, talks, workshops, or collab opportunities, 
pittsburgh, pennsylvania,brad frost is a web designer, speaker, writer, and consultant located in beautiful pittsburgh, pa. he is the author of the book atomic design, which introduces a methodology to create and maintain effective design systems. in addition to co-hosting the style guides podcast, he has also helped create several tools and resources for web designers, including pattern lab, styleguides.io, style guide guide, this is responsive, death to bullshit, and more.,brad_frost,
interior design & materials,i am passionate about user-centric and energy efficient design. a problem solver, i am able to multitask with good leadership skills and a strong sense of ownership. in the past, i have successfully worked on and delivered a variety of project typologies that range from large scale healthcare and corporate facilities to small scale residences in roles of a designer, manager and/or an energy auditor both in india and usa. at morphogenesis, i was focused on (although not limited to) commercial, hospitality and mixed use building design and delivery - engaging clients and meeting their expectations for each project.,
in my world, users come first!  i am a technically sophisticated, high-end designer with expansive experience and success in leading and inspiring creative direction across diverse mediums and new technologies. i skilfully research and identify new product opportunities and concepts. i implement new projects that promote growth and innovation across companies and organizations   and champion compelling visual language for disparate sets of products and styles.  i possess the proven ability to develop highly-effective, strategic marketing collateral for high-end clients including apple, ibm, l   oreal, fidelity, bud light, home depot, costco, and wal-mart. i am committed to connecting with clients and users   and bringing their vision to life effectively across a wide, far-reaching spectrum of media.  i lead and empower top-performing teams. with excellent communication and interpersonal skills, i build effective relationships with diverse groups of clients, vendors, and colleagues. i thrive in fast-paced, cross-functional, collaborative environments. both confident and proactive, i am recognized for my sound judgment, attention to detail
together let us desire, conceive, and create the new structure of the future, which will embrace architecture and sculpture and painting in one unity and which will one day rise toward heaven from the hands of a million workers like the crystal symbol of a new faith.    walter gropius,
a highly successful and accomplished fashion & fitness model. her undeniable beauty has graced the pages of magazines, international runways and endless internet pages. including american curves 2019 cover model of the year. as an ifbb pro figure competitor, she has once again garnered international attention as an advocate for a healthy life... as a recovering anorexic, kavvy has found a new passion on sharing her struggles with a life threatening eating disorder that helped pave her success.... which has inspired her to be the founder of the revolution of healing .. a community that focuses on mental health fitness and nutrition.    kavviar was debuted on abc for the nba finals on fathers day 2012 with the miami heat coach and former heat player, kieth askins debuting  custom bowties.. he wore 3 ties throughout the 2012 and 2013 nba finals and ironically they won every game a kavviar bowtie was worn ultimately winning the nba world titles both years...never before had the world seen a swarovski crystal couture tie..  kavviar had a white wedding tie in a bridal shop and a future bride who was planning a cinderella wedding at walt disney world instantly fell in love with the tie and designed 2 unique ties for her husband to debut as my first wedding as a designer. kavviar was an instant hit in the bridal industry and within her first year of business, kavvy was asked to have her ties down the runway for the international trose bridal shows and had been featured as a designer in 2013 and 2014. kavviar 's high fashion runway debut was in june 2017 for kauai fashion week in which the mayor of kauai bernard p. carvalho had a standing ovation when he debuted the sparkly ties. kavviar ties have been worn in india, brazil, china, usa, persia, saudi arabia, england, italy, nigeria, turkey, egypt, indonesia, south africa
in addition to being a mechanical designer, i am part of a business team that specializes in providing mentorship in creating an asset through business development.  the business mentors who are part of this team are experts in all aspects of finance and asset development. in order to minimize risk and maximize upside for our partners, we are always on the cutting edge when it comes to coaching techniques and in creating or taking advantage of opportunities in the market based on past, current, and future trends. as a team we have coached a few hundred people from all different backgrounds and professions in the last 20+ years.
i am interested in branding, product design, and food technology.  phlint is a software development firm with a ux-focus. we base our design methodologies on intuition factors and the agile software development process.
a product designer at google. he designs the future of google search.  also, he is a writer, social media influencer (with over 1 million followers and 60-million monthly views),
i believes that design is not about how beautiful it is but rather it is about how it works. while making any kind of design it is important to keep in mind that behind every design there is a purpose, a need that should be fulfilled. i prefer being creative and operational at the same time.,
a designer turned design recruiter helping designers and startups to find the right match. the transition happened as her experience for finding the right job was pretty frustrating, and now she is trying her bit to ensure that it doesn   t happen with anyone else.  being a designer herself and having worked with start-ups like practo and shopo as their first designer onboard, she really understands the nuances when it comes to screening and hiring designers.   on average, 1 out of the 5 designers, she sends to any company gets hired. she treats herself as the brand ambassador for the companies she is working with and try her best to ensure that designers have a good interview experience whether or not they get selected. few of her clients include flipkart, ola, groupon, housing, swiggy, cleartax etc.
design & executive leadership, brand design & brand strategy, digital & physical experience design  ravi is a multidisciplinary brand and design leader, product developer, strategic thinker and thoughtful creative with over 20 years of industry experience. he is the chief experience officer at lyric where he defines and supports the company vision for the end to end guest experience. he leads a cross disciplinary team of interior designers and architects, brand designers, product designers and writers defining and shaping the branded physical and digital guest experience.   prior to joining lyric, he led the global brand design group for starwood hotels and resorts, overseeing positioning and creative development of all 10 of its lifestyle brands. during his career, ravi has developed and reinvented other world-class brands including w hotels, westin, aveeno, cole haan, and jawbone. he believes that great storytelling creates great brands, and every interaction with the brand is an opportunity to connect with someone on a deeper, aspirational level. ravi holds a bfa in communication design from carnegie mellon university and an mfa in graphic design from yale university.,hampole,
architecture graduate driven to push creative limits by experimenting with cutting edge design concepts. i think broadly and deeply about my users end-to-end experience while meeting business goals. aside from loving all aspects of the design process, my strengths include synthesizing research and taking best design practices to turn them to into meaningful design, time management and collaboration.   you can check out my work at tiffanyeaton.com and writing at 
a passionate designer / founder / ceo trying to create simple, accessible and delightful physical and digital products and services. completed mca in 2015.  started career as intern in vianaar homes pvt.ltd delhi in digital marketing and creating high quality and highly converting, responsive landing pages, using html, css,  jquery and js. creating banner ads. etc.  mflux pvt ltd as a ui developer. responsible for creating responsive mobile first website front end using html, css, jquery, javascript, bootstrap,converting psd to responsive html, slicing psds, creating reusable ui components. etc.  mflux pvt ltd as ui/ux  developer.  responsible for research and implement new ui concepts, understand new ui frameworks and web design trends, integrate new  javascript plugins to enhance user experience, ui bug fixes in ongoing projects, create newsletters, web pages
i dabble in all things computer science, math, physics, and design. i am an innovative and creative designer who believe in a growth mindset. i focus on creating beautiful and user-centered experiences by solving complex challenges. i am an advocate for testing ideas and have in-depth knowledge of interaction design and believe in quality, usability, and simplicity of products new opportunities to learn and constructive feedback are the main motivations that keep me going.  apart from design, i'm researching on conscious leadership and building a growth-mindset culture for everyone in an organization (inspired by carol dweck, robert 
an apparel merchandising professional with over 30 years of experience in the industry. i possess the following skills and characteristics  confident, effective communicator who relates well with clients and colleagues having diverse  interests and authority levels. extremely well organized, self-motivated, consistently using focus and strong attention to detail. function well in fast paced pressure situations where accuracy and meeting deadlines are mandatory. proven ability to instill pride and a positive results attitude, involving and motivating others to optimize goal achievement. committed professional eager to contribute to an established organization working independently and as a fully cooperative team member.  thorough knowledge of the merchandizing industry combined with a flair for design and fashion esthetic that enhances the individual client. attentive to the personal and professional relationship that promotes confidence, respect and quality interaction among the team and personal clients, as well.
hi, i'm an interaction designer focused on creating digital experiences that empower people and solve real-world problems. i am graphic designer and image editor and website designer, i have more than 5 year experience, i worked with top 2 indian company myntra design and urbanclap .
i love the challenge of creating bold, industry evolving products and services that users love as well as building the teams behind them.,matthewcmoore,
web & mobile | motion | logo | brand identity | photography | advertising  ! currently studying design and human computer interaction at carnegie mellon university. my professional experience is mainly focused in ui & ux design but i also love exploring motion, web, print, and illustration.
i'm a product designer with 3+ years of experience. i have designed for both asian and us markets, and have a wide range of experience in systems design, product, and visual design. i love beautiful products and i'm driven to solve complex people
a passionate and versatile product designer focused on clean and scalable user experience, visual and interaction design     working on everything from social gaming to features across google search and maps.       products across 350m places, 200 countries, 30 languages     inclusive & emerging markets     mentorship & speaking (linkedin, gsv labs, aiga),alex2pt0
hi! i'm a software engineer turned product designer passionate about using my technical expertise to break down challenging problems and create scalable & delightful user experiences. i'm extremely keen on using my knowledge in both design & engineering to help designers realize that code is not something to be scared of - but a valuable aid to their work!  i am a recent graduate of a masters in human-computer interaction at the university of maryland.  interests  interaction design, visual design, inclusive design, sustainable ux 
working on my dreams         in usa & uk.  i'm ravi prajapati, my career objective is to work successfully, confidently and honestly to achieve desired target of quality and quantity in any field with professionally managed company-organization, which provides me a growth opportunity to excel in the field of designing and creativity.,
product designer at blend. education lead at inneract project. previously at thumbtack, evernote, and uc berkeley. i love people and technology and am passionate about building products and culture.,slack i'm a product designer with a background in software development, focused on research, ux strategy, and visual design. i'm passionate about designing solutions that are inclusive, delightful, and optimize human potential by following a human-centered design process.  i'm a voracious reader and blogger, motivating and helping women and minorities into the tech industry.  specialties  research, ux strategy, visual design, software engineering  skills user research, ux strategy, competitive analysis, card sorting, information architecture, heuristic evaluation, usability testing, wireframing, prototyping, animations
as a designer, my ingenuity, curious nature, inherent keenness to listen-observe-absorb, enthusiasm to try out new techniques and approaches, not shying away from being a contrarian where needed, ability to recover from mistakes, and cultural adaptability give me that extra creative edge.    scott adams once said, creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. design is knowing which ones to keep.  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *                               pen & paper     ideation     rapid prototyping     wireframing     storyboarding     interaction design     info architecture      mobile design                                       brainstorming     contextual inquiry     affinity diagramming     persona creation     usability study     journey mapping     heuristic evaluation                       &                                              sketch     adobe photoshop     adobe illustrator     adobe xd     invision     figma     uxpin     zeplin     html5     css3     javascript     jquery     angular     react                                           web apps     ios     android     adaptive websites     iot devices                               artificial intelligence     machine learning     enterprise solutions     iot     saas     b2b ecommerce,aishsingh_me
experienced senior business development executive with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. ultimately, i'm very much interested in all kind of web and mobile apps development for both android & ios, erp, e-commerce like grocery and management systems like hospitals and school management, etc., so we provide all kind of it projects & services.  skilled in public speaking, management, email marketing software, leadership, and marketing. strong business development professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in mechanical engineering from bharath university.   yogeshwar 8015243476 / 9176534989 / 7823997456 skype on  live ad32d7b9572c665a techtilt technologies pvt ltd,
you already know your vision. i make it happen.   ** how do you hit that sweet spot between beauty and function  between opulent and affordable  between creative and practical  **  that   s my specialty. designing real-world spaces that work for modern businesses with the take-your-breath-away feel of luxury.   i deliver   - intriguing, eye-pleasing aesthetics     that complement your business   s function - timeless, classic character     that you won   t have to update next year - efficient, well-planned flow for your space     that   s still warm and inviting  whether you   re working with an existing design, looking to make small changes or a drastic overhaul     or starting completely from scratch with a new facility...i can bring your vision to life.   i have experience with  * offices * cafes and eateries * real estate projects * all aspects of hospitality * synagogues * healthcare * salons *  i love to take your ideas and build the entire concept around them, bringing to fruition a design that   s even more appealing than the image in your head.   because my goal is to make sure you are happy and you get what you want   - a customized design that fits the personality + function of your project - a clear, efficient design package that   s seamless to carry out  - an interior designer hyper-focused on every last detail  i   m ready to get started on your project.
,i   m a designer, entrepreneur, and product builder. throughout my career i have consistently created design-forward companies & products and led driven, efficiently run creative teams. my work spans product development, business operation, investing, strategy, brand, and design.  i work at thrive capital and actively advise and invest in companies that work in technology and the internet.
i recently spent the last year on the guest store team at airbnb. i helped ship the best checkout experience for millions of guests booking a home, and led design efforts for delivering the best checkout experience when booking an experience.   with expertise in human computer interaction, interaction design, and design research, i am passionate about shaping products inclusively, with quality, and scalability. but most importantly, creating products that keep all communities in mind.,
when you learn to survive without anyone, you can survive anything little karthick had a dream that one day in his life, he could contribute skill and ideas to people in need
i'm a final year student pursuing my b.tech in information technology from vit university, vellore.   i'm a tech enthusiast, passionate algorithmist and creative designer.   i manifest things into reality.
over the past 8 years i have been engaged in finding means to fully realize my potential in the area of design, not only web design but of design as a whole. i have obtained priceless experience in the design sphere, having worked in diversified environments and with people of different backgrounds and with different cultural perspectives. this experience has given me an opportunity to not only master my skills in design, but to better understand the needs of people, and how to interact with them in the most positive and effective way.  design influences every decision we make from the very beginning of our lives. i live and breathe the thinking necessary to reframe    traditional ideologies    and turn design into a    business tool   . through great design, i create not only beautiful concepts for products or services but also smart    new business practices    that deliver lasting value. i like to experiment with, explore and discover new opportunities that would further bridge the gap between business and design. my goal - is bringing up visual culture.  i need a people who challenge me  i like it when my clients are difficult  ) available for new opportunities in the sf bay area, sf, california. have a work permit in the usa,pasha_francuz,
i am a techno-business leader who believes in co-creating value with every person that i interact with - my customers and my colleagues at work. i believe that there is always an unconventional means to leverage the human potential in making this world a better place and always strive for it.  - co-founded and built technology teams par excellence. - hands-on technology experience of having delivered products & solutions from vision to reality. - deep understanding of product vision, design, marketing and implementation dynamics.  technology expertise  software architecture, business intelligence, sharepoint solutions, cloud computing, saas, mobile,
branding and marketing advisor for emerging brands & international startups. nova specializes in using psychology, design, and media, for impactful storytelling.      masters in clinical psychology     writer, creative director     fashion veteran, in the space since 2001    digital media veteran, in the space since 2007  as the founder & editor in chief of raine, nova curates the next big names in fashion, culture and technology, while inspiring and advising creative entrepreneurs around the globe.   as a content developer, nova identifies and produces inspiring visual and video content, as well as creates custom event experiences. in addition, she consults with creative decision makers on strategy, business development and brand positioning - maximizing the founder and company   s narrative for the greatest impact.  _______________________________________ about nova    award winning fashion designer, nova lorraine, launched raine magazine in 2007 to inspire, empower and educate creative entrepreneurs.   understanding the unique and challenging journey she experienced building her businesses, nova   s mission is to help millions worldwide to never give up on their dreams.    nova has interviewed some of the world   s most interesting entrepreneurs, socialites and cultural innovators
focus on the importance of online communities as accessible spaces for underrepresented and marginalized communities. working at airbnb, i've inherited invaluable knowledge of managing communities at large. this inspired me to form my own project, intern.community, which gives interns an opportunity to network and connect outside of their interning company. in the past, i worked as a user experience designer and researcher in the tech4good social computing research lab.  additionally, i leverage my education in computer science to facilitate communication between designers and developers. in university, i was the president of cruzhacks, santa cruz's annual hackathon, and in industry, i'm able to align stakeholders from opposite disciplines using a mixed multidisciplinary language of specialist knowledge.,
i have more four decades of experience of working with electronics and micro controllers and started learning intel 8035 in year 1979. i programmed intel 8085 using assembly and pl/m language.   since then, i have worked on new range of 8 bit micro controllers from motorola, philips, st micro, zilog, microchip, renesas in assembly and c language and 32 bit arm controllers from st, texas.  i am an electronic hobbyists and designer  and believe in continuous learning and training.  in the last 10 years, i have designed lot of designs/products which are commercially successful.  my strength has been to convert an idea into real shape and then give that design to various manufacturers who in turn take care of production, marketing and sales. i control the programmed micro controllers and get my profit from its sale. programmed micro controllers can not be copied so my profits remain assured.  i believe in sharing and have already made my seven most successful commercial designs open. i have published complete circuit, details and software in an electronic magazine efy.  specialties  embedded development, electronic controller for traffic lights, cctv switchers, vending machines, elevator/lift controllers, rgb led drivers, security systems, dali, dmx512
i believe the 7.6 billion people we share this earth with can and should develop technical skills to help achieve whatever goals they have. i believe tech is the ultimate equalizer.   i spend my days living my purpose as principal advocate for microsoft's power platform--a product specifically designed for tech upskilling.   previously, i lead the global community of 17m people as the chief #ninjacat of the insider program at microsoft.   i spend my nights   - writing fiction and non-fiction books to help young professionals have the careers of their dreams  - running an ethically made fashion line called #primadonastyle tailored in nigeria, kenya and seattle - coaching entrepreneurs in emerging markets on how to turn idea into profit - sharing these stories on stages all over the world - coming up with more exciting schemes  my favorite, favorite job is being a bossy big sister to thousands of amazing humans who want to #dothething.    i was recently named one of fast company   s 100 most productive people in business and cosmopolitan magazine's businessperson of the year.  i love making new friends,
an accomplished design leader, creative thinker, designer, and problem solver for 20 years. i have designed user experiences for products, services, and marketing initiatives for many different organizations/ clients/ brands, including startups, design agencies  i build and lead design teams by providing guidance and mentor-ship. my hands-on approach in creating and establishing the vision and product strategy empowers me and my team to build a cohesive end-to-end customer experience. built and lead many teams of talented ux designers, user researchers
the founder & ux architect at mutual design   . prior to starting up, srikanth led the ux studio at deloitte digital, hyderabad and also led the ux practice for hitachi consulting, india offices in an earlier role. an expert in hci usability, rapid prototyping, interaction design, ux writing, product design, service design & ux training.   a brand manager turned designer who brings in a comprehensive perspective towards ux design by discovering the needs of a business, brand & customers in tandem. srikanth strongly believes in the power of human factors, usability, accessibility and everything user centered design to bring in a radical change and exponential success to any business.   an alumnus of xlri, jamshedpur, a certified usability analyst (cua) by human factors international and certified in service design by copenhagen institute of interaction design. srikanth is an avid reader, a fervent learner and passionate about space, aviation, paramotors, snooker, food & travel.  values  self-reliance
i love solving problems. be it counselling a heart-broken friend or breaking my head to build a complex ux flow - i do them all. i am an engineer from the prestigious indian institute of technology madras but i chose digital experience designing as my profession because problem-solving can go well beyond the limits of engineering.   as a professional, i have worked with some of the well known startups of india like housing.com, zeta and many other big and small names around the world. i presently oversee consumer design at swiggy, india   s largest food ordering and delivery platform.  also, i have delivered 50+ ux talks / workshop at various places including big names like amazon, grab, shopee, practo, idc iit bombay, iit guwahati, nid bangalore etc. when i am not designing, i am either drafting my next design talk, or travelling in some far off country. if you think i sound interesting, drop me a message. we can catch up over a cup of coffee  ),saptarshipr,
experienced human resources manager with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in administration, management, management information systems (mis), recruiting, and performance management. strong human resources professional with a masters of business administration focused in hr from mahakal institute of management,
web designer ( exp- 2to 4 years) html5, css3, dream viewer, photoshop, bootstrap, responsive  2. sr. php developer ( exp- 1.5 years to 4 years) cake php, core php, wordpress, joomla, drupal, ajax, jquery, magento etc  3. php team leader ( exp- 2 to 5 years as sr. web developer) or( exp- 1-2 years as team leader)
i am a highly motivated individual aspiring to be a part of an organization where i can apply my knowledge acquired in a practical situation contributing to an organization efficiently while utilizing my abilities and experiences as well as enhance my skills and grow as a professional.
skateapparel ,i am a speculative designer interested in the implications of technology in our society. my prior works falls under the domain of interaction design and digital art.  my work have been published in wired, fastcodesign, core77, arduino blog, cnn, creativeapplications, animal newyork, psfk, pitapixels, complex etc. and also has been exhibited internationally at the acm siggraph and yahoo! usid academic showcase.  i currently live in seattle and work for google. previously, i graduated from the royal college of art, london and national institute of design, india. i give workshops and teach creative coding and projection mapping techniques at various universities.  i have worked for microsoft inc, google uk, google india and have interned at google, uk and local projects, nyc where my works include developing several interactive solutions for cleveland museum of art, civil debate interactive wall at the bob graham centre for public service
i am eager to work for a growth oriented organization and be part of a designing team where i can noticeably render my creative skills through fashion designing, styling, illustration, draping, and interpersonal skills. i have obtained diploma in fashion designing after graduation. i have achieved many certificates and awards for my creative skills. my interests lies in modern trends and fashion. my designs are inspired from nature and creative art.
i   m a motivated, curious and fun-loving person who believes in pleasant experiences going a long way  be it with the people you meet or the products you interact with. i   m passionate about designing such experiences that aid people to do what they do best  be human.,
multidisciplinary designer, speaker, writer, and digital creator based in detroit. currently working on the next generation of in-vehicle interactive experiences as a senior product designer at general motors. author of laws of ux.
being a creative designer i enjoy thinking uniquely with ideas and trying something new and exciting. everyday i am trying to expand my skills set and always willing to learn something new. i am extremely dedicated to what i create and strive for the best work possible. my previous experiences include interactive design, user experience, web design and print design. by completing these assignments have increased my skills in all adobe design suite programs.
experienced smart product designer with a demonstrated history of working in the smart watch & lighting manufacturing industry. skilled in product design,rendering,on-demand design,computer-aided design (cad), concept generation.
talented graphic design lead with 8 years experience in print and web design who is highly motivated, creative, and versatile. especially skilled in creating and directing corporate and new business design. adept at innovating user experience for the web and multimedia applications. exceptional interpersonal skills with team members and subordinates. accomplished at incorporating the desires of the client with a superior design solution. seeking a company that demands high-quality design to further business goals and professional image.
dear sir/madam,  this has reference to the said position as advertised by you on naukri.com. i have the requisite qualifications and experience for the position advertised & would be interested to apply for the said vacancy. kindly note that i am presently working as a teaching faculty (temp) at nsic (a govt. of india enterprise) since the year 2008  & part time job shri shiv shakti publications. my present earnings per month are rs. 35,000/-& the expected salary is in the range of rs. 40,000/- to rs. 50,000/- per month. the notice period required by me to join the job is 7 to 14 days.  please find attached my resume for your kind perusal. hope that you would find the above in order. request you to contact me in case you may require any further details etc.  thanks & regards,
a versatile art performer, craftsmanship spirit i specialized in textile design, oil painting, and trend board design.   my talents of color interpretation, in combination with my intricate hand-painting design skills, are my core competencies. (design)  i first started researching classicism. after years, i developed a lifelong interest in post-impressionism and impressionism through the use of bright colors and light. i was deeply inspired by ukiyo-e of japanese art also. by absorbing all these qualities into my painting, you may sense the uniqueness of my art. (painting),
interior.product.landscape.exterior.designer. vastu.civil.architectural.consultant  experienced freelance interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in design software like autocad, 3ds max, vray, also have knowledge of microsoft power point msword and other ms office software   s, exterior design, product design, landscape design, public speaking, and construction. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of vocation, interior design focused in interior design from devi ahilya vishwavidyalaya, 
helping great ideas win over skeptical markets by creating brilliant content and resilient systems of communication.,realbenemerson, my key career highlights at airbnb include  asset optimization (image cropping, icons, illustrations) icon design (airmojis, indicators, system icons) localization & screen building (marketing, pr, app store) redline/specs (design cleanup, engineering handoff) templates/libraries (dls, product team specific) visual qa (screenshots, design comparisons, audits),aiboozy,
a creative recruiter trying to get back into the swing of making excellent work for awesome clients. with a background in visual design, advertising, and art direction he uses his talents to design and illustrate high quality imagery from conception to launch. additional experience in project management, cross-department collaboration, and client relations enables this candidate to not only generate creative assets, but coordinate the entire pre/post production process as well.,ohnoneilio,
with more than 14 years of experience, eli started at a very young age, fueled by his passion for classic design (paul rand, saul bass, ray and charles eames, rowena reed, dieter rams, etc.), which later combined with the acquired love for mathematics and computer science. he saw both of these art forms blended in the visual effects industry. eli has worked on numerous films, trailers, and television projects such as snow white and the huntsman, journey 2  the lost island, robocop, ironman 3, carrie, orphan black, joss whedon   s first feature serenity, video games
synopsis  creative leader & mentor. methodical print designer turned digital technician. visual storyteller. amateur atari player. semi-pro nintendo player. athletic junky. aspiring clothing designer. amateur chef. chicken wing connoisseur. boston terrier dad.   bio  a drive and passion instilled from a mother who had me at 18. . a compassion and camaraderie taught while playing little league sports. . a competitive nature obtained from the wet grass to the concrete courts of buffalo, ny. . a student to great leadership gained from my grandfather. who was a professional baseball player. . an old school mentality. work hard and have passion in all that you do. the rest will take care of itself. . a deep affection for the art and process of storytelling. creating work grounded in human truth. . a love and respect for team collaboration and honest communication.  . . . career  first degree, design. second degree, marketing. . two decades of experience in client and agency facing roles. ranging from sr. designer to creative director. . work in the ad world includes  allstate, kraft, coors light, samsung, philip morris, boost mobile, suntrust bank, people inc, seneca resort & casinos, and fraser yachts worldwide. . freelance work includes  new era cap co., dick   s sporting goods, heineken, the charlotte hornets, sacramento kings, and philadelphia eagles. . most recent  learning an invaluable education. thank you
maurice mo woods has over 10 years experience in both print and interactive media. he played basketball professionally worldwide for 7 years, taught undergraduate classes and served as an advisor to graduate students at multiples colleges. he has lectured nationally and internationally and contributed to various media outlets including the wall street journal. maurice self-published, envisioning blackness in american graphic design, a look at how visual aesthetics plays a significant role in advancing the identity of african american culture.   he served as co-chair of education for the aiga san francisco and nationally as a board of advisor for the diversity archive collection exhibition. currently he sits on the board for design ignites change. maurice is also a jefferson award winner. 
every product has an experience.   experiences that will not only engage, inform, and delight their users  but that will also deliver on measurable business goals. as an industrial designer, i design the product that consumer   s experience.  i help corporations empathize with their customer, and then i design engaging concepts that address the product user's needs.  currently, i am a lead industrial designer for 3m design in minneapolis, mn. i lead the industrial design on confidential and new product development for 3m   s healthcare portfolio.  my specialties include user-centered research methods, advanced concept design, 2d/3d visualization, and rapid prototyping. my design work has been recognized with international design awards and featured in the madison, wi museum of contemporary art.
a curious, self driven designer fascinated by how people interact and use emerging technologies, i derive inspiration by observing and engaging with them. i have enjoyed working on concepts and services that include ethnographic research, strategy design and human centered design.,
creative freelance graphic designer with over two years    experience in developing engaging and innovative digital and print designs for clients in a broad range of industries. highly adept at visual strategy, layout development, branding, and print and new media advertising. help clients achieve business development and business growth goals through forward-thinking graphic designs and strategiesservices  logo design       brand identity       packaging design       brochure design       website design       product photography,yugeshiwaram,
i am a design generalist having versatile experiences in different fields of design. i collaborate with people, teams, and businesses to develop design systems, strategies, and processes to create more meaningful and visually appealing experiences. right now, i am working under the realm of enterprise products. in the other half, you can find me fueled up by comics, hip-hop, and some delicious burgers        
i'm a strategic, enthusiastic designer, with a focus on creating fun, interactive, and intuitive products. i crave continuous study in behavioral and cognitive psychology. 
i'm a visual designer specialized in ui/ux, web, mobile & product design. in this field i have more than 10 years of experience. i   m a multitasker with an excellent eye for design, imaginative, well-organized, good-natured, flexible and passionate, who could bring an advanced understanding of visually pleasant and user friendly design, typography, composition and color theory. i love clean and minimalist designs,    simple is better. i believe in simple experiences and inclusive for diverse people.
seasoned user experience and information architect with ability to build exceptional user experiences, expand market share, and increase usability and customer retention. effectively utilizes advanced user research strategy to design solutions that meet consumer and business objectives. demonstrates ability to interview multiple user personas to uncover consumer experiences, problems, and pain points as well as organize the data into scalable market demand and a value proposition with maximum growth potential. ability to communicate important design decisions with key stakeholders and team members. creative design skills that produce viable web and mobile solutions to that solve significant problems within various industries and user scenarios. ability to quickly conceptualize solutions using design thinking, user research, and low/high fidelity prototyping. growth strategy expert with ability to create high growth potential products and detailed high level growth plans as well as implement user testing and analytic metrics to measure results.  technical skills    highly experienced with wireframing and prototyping tools such as invision, axure, balsamiq, ux pin, indigo, and justinmind experienced using flow chart and diagramming software such as lucidchart, gliffy, and visio expert level interaction design skills with tools such as principle and flinto, as well as collaborative design tools like figma expert with adobe photoshop, adobe xd, sketch, adobe illustrator, adobe muse
ux & supply planning professional with a working history in the tech industry.  skilled in user experience, user research, user interface design, design thinking, interaction design, prototyping, and cross-communication. passionate about utilizing ui/ux and supply chain knowledge to create friendly digital experiences.,
soo yun kim is an emmy award-winning designer in mobile product, interaction, and ui/ux design based in new york with a passion for creating digital products, creative design senses, strong interpersonal capabilities, leadership, and attention to detail.    she is a speaker, has presented at a variety of conferences, organizations, meetups, companies, and universities including uxpa norfolk, ahfe, adobe, bkproductdesign, binghamton university, fit, parsons
master of product design & engineering(m.des) (product designers design with plastic,metal n wood. ..like fashion designers do with cloth... ..but we sit in diggy n fashion designers on driving seat!!) ..indian institute of science, iisc,bangalore ..b.e. mechanical engineering 
i'm a user experience/human factors researcher and cultural explorer. i started off my research career looking at cross-cultural use of technology which led to fieldwork in japan and the netherlands as well as forays into global wikipedia communities. at last count i've been to 34 countries. in my free time, i frequently volunteer as an usher at local theaters and festivals. i'm also passionate about neurodiversity and mental health.   i am currently looking for new opportunities in ux/human factors research. i am also a  certified scrum product owner  specialties  ux research, ethnography, design thinking, usability testing, human factors, medical informatics, user-centered design,  healthcare it, product management, social media, native spanish speaker
a graduate of new york school school of interior design, avigail is now a mother of 5 running a company in high demand in nyc and nationwide.   in 2010 avigail founded her firm after working as an in house designer for a new york based operator of high end assisted living and skilled nursing facilities as well as a lead designer for a healthcare specialty construction company specializing in skilled nursing renovation. over the last decade, avigail has built an unparalleled reputation for skillful design and discerning accommodations in the healthcare, commercial, corporate, hospitality, and multi family sectors.  avigail has a powerful voice on linkedin amongst her network and beyond. she has quickly grown her linkedin connections to over thirty  five thousand followers. her style is approachable and firm which is valued by all who engage with her.    avigail eisenstadt design group   ae design group offers boutique elegance and cutting-edge design, delivered with a passion for excellence and tailored to your unique needs.    all of our designers have been trained in the finest and most prestigious institutes of design and bring with them years of successful and dazzling projects.    we have cultivated a network of preferred vendors to maximize value and offer the highest quality products.    each project is designed economically with optimal efficiency and effective use of space.
ux designer with strong visual design chops.  i'm passionate about interior design, fashion, travel, food, music, mental health awareness, inclusivity, community, and empowering women    
hello there. i am a product designer focused on designing physical and digital products that empower people to live better lives.,mercury - banking for startups,product designer
i am a firm believer of design-lead social impact.   i aspire field of design that ought to be accessible to those who need it most. design requires a fine balance of user empathy, usability, aesthetics, keen business acumen and a deep understanding of the users.,
#webdesigner #webdeveloper #seo #wordpress #blogger #digitalmarketing #bloggerinfluencer #jainism
i'm a ux designer with an eye for detail. i'm always excited to dive into a situation to determine pain points, brainstorm ideas, and test out what actually works. i most recently worked in the b2b/saas space for restaurant365, where i designed enterprise-level accounting/operations software for restaurants.  i'm looking for a full-time role in la and am searching for a team that values design, has a structured and clear roadmap, and has committed and charismatic leadership at the helm. please contact me if you have something in mind. i'd love to hear from you!,
author of post covid-19 reboot, a definitive guide to open your restaurant or bar after the shelter. robert ancill is the ceo of and the next idea group. widely considered an authority on emerging and future food trends, restaurant concepts, brand positioning, food service, and design.   based in los angeles, robert has overseen the launch of over 89 new brands and 800 restaurant or caf   openings or remodels. he has worked or consulted with clients in over 24 countries.  born and raised in glasgow, scotland, robert joined the glasgow college of food technology and graduated with the hcima qualification. during his career, robert worked for a range of well-known corporations including  aroma caf   group, the house of albert roux, planet hollywood, house of fraser, safeway, panera bread and hms host.  in 2002 robert founded the next idea, a high energy, innovative international restaurant consulting agency that simply provides     the next idea. the agency specializes in new food and restaurant concept development
a passionate designer who wants to bring solutions by keeping users in centre all the time. experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in search engine optimization (seo), corporate website management, user experience, php, and wordpress. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of engineering (b.e.) focused in computer science engineering from einstein college of engineering.
key skills  -structural analysis -structural dynamics -buildings rcc/steel -design of composite structures (intermediate). -design of prestressed concrete structures (intermediate). -design of masonry structures.
hi! i'm a senior design major at uc davis with a focus in user experience design.  i work at the intersection of design, business, and research - incorporating a data-driven approach to a user-centered perspective. my background working in a variety of settings  academic, start-up, non-profit, and enterprise allows me to be adaptable and prioritize in ambiguous environments.
hi, i am sudhir i have experience of 7+ year in graphic designing, ui designing, and motion graphics   ,gather and evaluate user requirements in collaboration with product managers and engineers  illustrate design ideas using storyboards, process flows and sitemaps  design graphic user interface elements, like menus, tabs and widgets  build page navigation buttons and search fields  develop ui mockups and prototypes that clearly illustrate how sites function and look like  create original graphic designs (e.g. images, sketches and tables)  prepare and present rough drafts to internal teams and key stakeholders  identify and troubleshoot ux problems (e.g. responsiveness)  core skills/ specialties *--    mobile app design for ios & android    responsive web design    user experience (ux)    user interface (ui)    low and high fidelity psd mock-ups  i use creative ways to solve a design problem  i posses strong user experience and analytical skills for both web and mobile.,
hello! originally from toronto, i graduated from ocad university in graphic design. i moved to san francisco to join linkedin's design team. i love working with people and my skills range from visual to user experience design. also a painter on the side!  
i   m a passionate, empathetic ux designer driven to make a positive impact by applying human-centered design to real world problems. i love to create responsive digital products for all screen types that are easy to use and fun for the user. i believe great ux is learning, observing, ideating, iterating and testing.  as an ui/ux designer i have a strong portfolio of web application design that shows a fluency in adobe creative cloud, balsamiq, adobe xd, invision, framer, figma, camtasia, html3, css and unique ways to create wire-frames and cutting comps. while maintaining focus on business goals i never lose sight of developing a maximized user-centered experience. that means meshing your client   s intent and the target audience.
with over 20 years of experience, i have worked in companies small to large, start-up to established, and retail to services. starting in graphic design, bringing a user-design-thinking approach to brand strategy, creative, marketing, operations, and customer experience for enhanced interaction user experience design.   open to connecting for business opportunities, idea sharing, and coffee chats.
creative director with over 10 years of experience working for fortune 500 clients, as well as agencies of all sizes.     start-up mentality with experience managing teams in large organizations.     passionate about visual design as a way to communicate with customers.  i've been blessed with the opportunity to work for a number of amazing agencies that have given me the opportunity to work with clients like     walmart     harley-davidson     hilton     honda     salvation army     honey baked ham     many others  i thrive in cultures where leaders and managers lead by example, roll up their sleeves, and support the teams that deliver a finished product that provides maximum benefit to the client.  whether i'm managing a team or contributing as an individual, i believe that passion for the project, respect for diverse viewpoints, and respect for colleagues and clients is critical.      artistic perspective       i love to create works that marry my client's brand and voice with the message they are trying to communicate to the customer.  i believe that images have a way of expressing what text cannot. emotion. feeling. aspirations. as a motion graphics designer, i also love to push into video to help expand upon that visual impact.  as both an artist and a client-facing collaborator, i know that the real goal of what we do is influencing or changing behavior. that's the focus of my inclusive management style as well as how i set objectives for our final work product. at the end of the day, it resonates with both clients and their customers.,
nice to meet you! i'm michelle!  i'm a third-year design major at the university of california, davis. i was previously an experience design intern at airbnb on the internal tools team for airbnb plus and will be returning to intern again in summer 2020. currently, i am the director of design at hackdavis, where i lead the creative vision of a student-run hackathon. i am also co-director of design at creative media, a design firm on campus where i co-lead a team of visual designers to create graphics and branding identities for everything on campus from coffee shops to music festivals  i began my design journey in high school, where my passion for fine arts turned into designing a variety of graphics for clubs and organizations on campus. i always wondered how i could create a greater impact and how i could use design to help people. my curiosity led me to the user experience design program from the university of california, san diego, where i learned that design is much more than simply aesthetics.  i am striving to become someone with multidisciplinary perspectives and to use my skills and experience to work seamlessly and collaboratively to push the boundaries of human-centered design. i am always hungry to learn and improve and loves seeking new challenges to continually develop myself.
my dream is to become a great storyteller. my dream is to bring my characters to life and share their stories, their passions, struggles, flaws, and dreams to the world.
seasoned ict consultant with 20 years experience in the structured cabling and data center co-location industry.  responsibilities include production of cad/revit design drawings, mdf/idf-elevations-power/cooling requirements, horizontal/vertical cable design, equipment specifications & spreadsheet, vendor response leveling, submittal & rfi responses, field surveys, project punch list, and other tasks necessary required for a turn-key solution.
,designer and entrepreneur interested in how people interact with the world. i create products, services and experiences using design and technology.    specialties  human centered design, service design, experience design, interaction design, design thinking, design research, brand strategy, and business design.,wedistill
i want to be a lighthouse for people who are truly passionate about the impact of the work they do  with my team at the ronin, i   m closing the generational comprehension gap.   young people with their cancel culture, twitter fingers, and severe mental health problems, have the exact same problem as the brands trying to reach them. there   s an indisputable lack of empathy between young people and the rest of the world.   the gap is two sided    there   s a difference between having the emotional intelligence to understand a problem, and having the empathy to solve it.   we built the ronin to enable brands, creators and people to be empathetic to their community or audience.   we built the kinyu to enable us to be empathetic to our own.   in order to build win win solutions between your brand and the community you   ve built around it, people have to empathize with others.   that   s where our emphasis on design comes from ( not simply graphic design, but design in a holistic sense). design + empathy, that   s the key.   if i message you, it   s because as cliche, annoying, and oversaid as this is... nothing makes me happier than being able to help people help others. so let's chat! i have cliches for days.
dedicated professional with a bachelor of applied science (b.a.sc.) in workforce education & development from southern illinois university, carbondale. career-oriented professional with over 15 years of leadership and management experience, focusing the past five years on adult education.  extensive background in training development, facilitation, team building, motivating, mentoring and coaching. excellent problem solver with keen attention to detail while striving to build lasting relationships in dynamic work environments. highly effective public speaker and skilled trainer focused on continuing education and course improvement processes. over the past 15 years, i've led teams ranging from 2-20 employees, while developing tomorrows future leaders with one of the most respected organizations in the world.  a hallmark of my products is integrity and excellence.   hard and soft skills that i possess that will bring value to my employer are          program management                       public speaking, instruction       team building       business administration       mentoring        coaching       relationship building       microsoft products i.e., excel, outlook, word,       powerpoint       attention to detail       strong verbal/written communication       delegation/empowering       scheduling       project management       cross functional team leadership       presentation skills       instructional system design & course delivery       time management       talent development       problem solving        training  i come to work prepared, and give my best day in and day out to my team and organization.  i'm loyal, driven and motivated, and seek to not only better myself, but to motivate others as well
i am a passionate hr strategist, 'future of work' consultant . . . and 'now of work' evangelist. i partner with organizations ready to create and evolve their digital hr strategy, unlock actionable people analytics and create a frictionless workforce experience (too buzz wordy ).  i make work a better experience for employees and for organizations.,ryanmalkes
a competent hr professional with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry.  currently handling talent acquisition and various gamut of hr for my company (appinventiv).  specialties       talent acquisition and management     performance management     deployments, roll offs, redeployment & terminations     manpower planning & budgeting     employee engagement, welfare & grievances     people, account & vendor management     training & development     on boarding, induction & orientation     exit/ full & final settlement  self-motivated professional who achieves results and has superior ability to coordinate and perform several projects simultaneously.,
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry for 7+ years. strong arts and design professional skilled in typography, graphics, illustration, packaging, brand identity, websites and photography. keen to explore ui.  expertise graphic designing, web designing, illustration, publishing, typography & photography.  skills & knowledge  - specialized in illustration - well versed with design software such as adobe creative suite cc (illustrator, photoshop, in design) - basic knowledge about ms office (word, excel, powerpoint) - artwork development and finalization  for printing/production - photography -  a bit of client servicing - taking feedback from client, giving suggestions, discussing projects with clients, setting up meetings
perkins and will,architectural designer ii m.arch, graduated from school of architecture. my thesis focuses on bim . as an architectural designer for 5+ years i participated in all phases of the design process from schematic design through construction and documentation. i have worked on various projects like hospitality, housing, commercial design, renovation, facade design, interior design & etc. i am expert using autodesk revit architecture, autocad, sketchup, adobe photoshop, microsoft word, excel, and powerpoint. experience in schematic design, design development, construction documentation, 3d modelling & visualisation. in addition to my work as an architect i have experience of working as a t.a of freehand architectural sketching workshop.,
i identify myself as a cultural detective. enjoy observing and  an interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in concept development, design thinking, space planning and rendering. strong arts and design professional with a post graduate diploma in interior designing and styling from pearl academy.
gensler professional member of the international association of lighting designers. leading the team to expand the lighting design and energy design services of the esteemed design firm of francis krahe and associates to the midwest and midatlantic regions.  why fka  with light we create original works that are beautiful and functional, simultaneously complex and simple.  we are creative collaborators, engaged thinkers, rigorous executors, and a joy to work with.,light_stefans
hello! i'm a versatile and well-rounded designer with over 12 years of experience. i love to execute the entire breadth of a design process including  initial concept, user experience, user testing, and visual design. i enjoy complex design challenges, problem solving and employ an empathetic approach to design thinking, creating designs that incorporate a user first mentality. i truly believe that collaboration across teams and disciplines create great products and i'm passionate about good design and process.  i have a bachelor's of arts in digital media  digital interactive systems from the university of central florida. knowledge in art direction, management, web design, mobile, e-commerce, software application design, graphic design, connected tv, product design, marketing, advertising, prototyping, typography
enthusiastic designer and sales professional with several years experience in and around central florida's artfully designed and luxury communities. experience with all phases of interior design projects  including initial consultations, conceptualization, final approval, and project execution. additional experience in working with environmentally conscious designs and products. skilled at developing positive relationships with clients to identify their needs and vision, and creating a project to match. interested in continuing professional learning through new challenges and projects, and open to working in both residential and commercial design applications.
you don   t lose you fight because you fall, you lose the fight because you refuse to rise..! artist, visualizer, graphic & web designer) from mumbai.  my education is a diploma in computer engineering from vidyalankar polytechnic. graphic diploma from arena institute. advance web designing course from edit institute.  i love to create abstract paintings. art is my passion.  you can view my recent graphic work on behance, instagram, talenthouse, artstation, and arttora. the links are specified in about section.
i strive to create intuitive and beautiful user experience from conception to implementation, while  constantly challenging myself and learning new skills and technologies in interface design and  front-end development.,
i am a multidisciplinary designer who interweaves user experience, visual craft, and product strategy. i pride myself as a visual problem solver, leveraging my background in digital communications to develop thoughtful, clean, and aesthetically-minded products in order to design meaningful user experiences.   estherhayoungnam.com,threalppa,
as an enthusiastic designer with an entrepreneurship background, i believe intuitive user experience is the most powerful marketing strategy for any successful business.  my interests in the fields of psychology coupled with my background in design, entrepreneurship, business marketing, social media, content development, and my general curiosity and attention to details led me to the world of user experience and interaction design.  i love to solve the problems and make people's interaction with technology and products more meaningful, joyful and productive.  i'm passionate about exploring the connection between user experience and cognitive psychology to make difficult things easy and make technical things beautiful.  ux portfolio   golshid.design
nanopuppet founder & president creator of the proprietary muscle alloy miniature robotics technology that brings each of nanopuppet   s greeting cards to life.   perception robotics electrical prototyping and research engineer primary engineer of prototypical electrical components on multiple federally funded research and development projects (nsf and nasa sbir phase i & ii), including pressure sensitive polymers for wearables and robotic sensors
making the world a better place, one sharp corner at a time. i am a senior ux/ui designer, augmented reality/ virtual reality designer, and art director specialized in different areas such as design thinking and business strategy. i help business scales with sustainability and growth in mind. working in the professional design industry for more than 10 years, i helped dozens of campaign launch, website, and app for startups and small businesses. my process is customized according to different needs. i specialized in entertainment, xr, and tech industry.   art direction experience      provide branding, marketing, and product design strategy in opix360 campaign    provide art direction and branding strategy for trvl porter e-commerce website    provide art direction for tesxr vr concept project in tea tech tequila event    provide art direction for 20+ crowdfunding campaigns     i believe that by integrating immersive technology into digital products and brands, users can have a better understanding of the products and services. xr can increase the sales for the business and since the users interact with content, it is likely that the users will remember the content more, increase their learning appetite and share the content. so i have my podcast, meetup, and workshop in santa monica to help the community on weekends. here is some information about those    
i would really appreciate it if you take two seconds and endorse my skills.,hummingbirdsday,,designer, entrepreneur & street photographer,experienced in overseeing projects, meeting with clients, engineering, vendors & construction. collaborates well with all disciplines. able to run model reviews. proficient in modeling pipe systems, equipment, structural, & cable trays. well versed in p&id's. able to mentor younger designers. experienced in field walk-downs.,a_laison
i   m a 23 year old self taught ui/ux designer who loves to create clean, simple and unique designs. i am passionate about interaction design where focus is on designing interactive digital products and services. i have more than two years experience in ui / ux design and four years in digital design.  i aim to create a niche for my learning, zeal and my aesthetic approach towards solving a problem and making products easy for users. i am eager to gain new insights into the field and i   m always on the lookout for mentorship and advice. 
strong management and leadership skills. exceptional analytical skills with initiative to launch new projects.  extensive experience in project management, real estate, architectural design and sustainable design.,jeremiahfreilly,
april 1,i   m a designer who loves a hearty product debate, hackathons, delightful interactions, and obsessing over visual details.  currently, i   m a product designer on facebook messenger, and head of design over at the penumbra podcast.
i have 3+ years of experienced with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry. skilled in logo design, branding, corporate stationery design, packaging design, brochure design, flyer design, social media marketing, ui ux design. strong arts and professional design.,
i strongly believe that people first, and the rest will follow. my strengths include user-centric product strategy, problem-solving, and delivering design solution at 
7 years experience digital textile designing,i am self motivated, highly creative and passionate ui/ux designer , looking forward to work in an environment where i can utilise and improve my skills in creating minimalist mobile as well as web applications designs.
designit bangalore founder. business leader with 20+ years of experience leading global, diverse teams in strategic design and innovation, business transformation, and experience consulting for international, ambitious organizations.   track record of creating         unified digital and non-digital product-service ecosytems for sustained competitive positioning     customer experience as a strategic brand asset     amazing, motivated, and happy teams of high-performance individuals who achieve great outcomes together!
i'm a product designer making apps and websites. i also offer free 30 min ux consulting for any projects.,we aim to produce beautiful and innovative work that delivers long-term value for our clients and enriches the life of the people who use it.company profile - design edge we take this opportunity to introduce ourselves as design consultants (architectural and interiors).  design edge, as we call ourselves, is a group with ambitious development plans for future.  year 2003, marked the birth of design edge.  prior, we partners worked as freelancers in our specialized fields.  in 2003, we united our talents with ideas to design and build innovative creations.  since then we have been working with clients of different backgrounds i.e, residential, commercial and recreational.  with the experiences and knowledge we have received, we now plan to expand our business, working with esteemed organizations like yours, aiming towards success in today's global competitive market.  we are dedicated and talented architects and interior designers who plan and achieve the difficult objectives demanded by our clients.  we can make the difficulty of planning and building a project seem easy.  it is our passion.  it is our expertise.
looking for design or video opportunities. no longer interested in recruiting opportunities.,things of art and colors     take a front seat among my passions. ever since cognizance took form in my life, details of design started pulling me toward, and when computers entered my life, my life has taken a different trajectory as my very interest transformed into my 'profession of life'.   in roles of different sizes, my 5 years track record spans across the professional projects at creative and advertising agencies, majorly catering to the education domain. i am specialized in stationary & branding, digital marketing, print design, packaging designs, infographics, logo design, product campaigns, typography, promotional/event material, and other illustrations. when it comes to tech tools, i excel at illustrator, photoshop
i am a cross-disciplinary designer with a passion for exploring how people interact with one another and with their environments. i come from a rich educational and professional background which has supported me in 5+ years of roles in interaction design, design process, visual design and rapid prototyping in the domains of ux, wearables and new media.  i believe in studying and practicing design as a discipline that will lead to a utopian world. i am a graduate from nid (national institute of design) and nyu (new york university)    the two places where i focused on learning new design tools and processes to enhance my creative experience.  in addition to digital tools i like calligraphy, watercolors, tea, dogs, and lathe & cnc machines.
experienced customer service manager with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry. skilled in english, microsoft excel, microsoft word, finance, and marketing.
backed by google indie games accelerator, chirag claims to be an inter-dimensional game designer with a zeal to craft experimental & innovative experiences. recently, chirag acquired the 'indie game of the year    award at india gdc 2019 for the game    possessions   , which is the first game from india to launch on apple arcade as part of their launch catalogue. chirag has over six years of experience in game design and production, with genres ranging from puzzle, rpg, match-3, social casino, arcade, and fantasy sports, to name a few.
,i'm a digital product designer with experience working in scaling startup and agency settings, and am currently based in nyc. i like solving complex problems and making tools and products that improve people's lives.   website  rebeccaherickson.com  skills  interaction design, ux/ui, wireframing, prototyping, information architecture and site mapping, customer journey mapping, user research (customer interviews, site visits), workshop and design sprint facilitation, product management, ux writing, brand design, web design.  tools  figma, sketch, principle, invision, adobe creative suite
i love solving important, gnarly problems with really smart people. previously, i've helped reimagine money, dinnertime, and the office. i   ve got entrepreneurial spirt, gm/operator experience in both product and marketing, and a knack for building insanely great design teams  ),
front end web developer and graphic designer with 10+ years of experience as a freelancer. positive attitude, creative spirit, and a detail oriented mind.  i   m proficient in html, css, javascript and ux.
i truly believe that design has the power to improve people's lives while making significant impact on the performance of a company.   i am passionate about creating beautiful, useful, and delicate user interface and incredibly simple and elegant designs that make people happy and more productive. i enjoy talking with real people, collecting data, understanding human behavior, and exploring various product solutions help people achieve their in-app goals efficiently, and precisely.   i've worked for google, amazon, ebay, gap inc., and etc. led discussions in various design community (e.g. stanford product design club, amazon design, material design, xx-ux, hexagon) i am always ready to take a new design challenge!
i am a ui/ux designer with 7+ years of experience. i have done master's in computer science (mca) from punjab university. my working skills include creating ui/ux design for web and mobile apps, making ux designs and re-designing websites. also, converting psds to html/css. my priorities are quality and i respect deadlines.  following are my skills .. - web designing - adobe photoshop - adobe illustrator - html5/css3  - scss/sass - psd to html - jquery - responsive layout website - basic angular  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  beyond my professional career,  1. i used to help people to find the right job for them and help the organizations to find the right candidate to them.  2. and, i used to do some pencil sketching in my free time.
i create user-centered digital experiences for web apps, mobile apps, and connected devices. using research driven design techniques and agile methodologies, i craft products and services that balance thoughtful interactivity with powerful visuals.  with a master's degree in interactive design and over a decade in the creative industry, i've had the pleasure of working with highly visible brands including  linkedin, coursera, hewlett packard, ebay, emc, trinet, exacttarget, bloomberg, the sf giants, 511.org and numerous early and mid stage startups.,bentremper
experienced graphic web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in logo design, software testing, software development life cycle (sdlc), adobe photoshop, and microsoft excel. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in information technology from mahakal institute of technology & management, behind air strip, dewas, ujjain - 456446.,
work for the soul. share moments, take a breather. know that happiness is a choice.   plan is to skyrocket into the future, building great things not just good, while having and growing beautiful relationships and working together towards each other's goals.  life  learning forever. making great great investments in time, health, mind, money and relationships.  (things i) love  as a curious being, almost nothing bores me, design, science, arts, math, etc. arts has a special place, as it is the emotion that keeps us running. what bores me is waiting, standing, going backwards.
hello, world! i aim to create thoughtfully designed products and services that improve our access to essential resources.          my trajectory has been engineering     finance     construction     product design. i believe that systemic problems are too complex to solve in silos, and i'm constantly challenging my skill set to meet these demands. from negotiating contracts in cleantech real estate development to consulting pensions funds on the future of infrastructure investments, i believe that evolution and diversity are key to solving the uber-hairy industry issues.       i read textbooks for fun. currently on my desk  food engineering
i come from an architecture background and i have always been associated with designing for the users and empathising with their needs and functional requirements. after almost 9 years of studying architecture and ux design, i was able to find a synergy between the two and amalgamate both fields in my design rationale and design process in a better way. i have been fortunate in working with diverse domains and technology ranging between augmented reality, touch and gesture based applications for automotive, retail, banking and commercial sectors, enterprise solutions and projects of different complexities. being an architect i have also contributed in designing one of the state of art design studio in my previous engagements. in past 8+ years of my experience with design, i have gained expertise in not only conducting user research, user testing, ux workshops and building complex solutions but also in redefining the design processes and helping development teams to inculcate design as an important tool in their development processes  specialties  user experience design, concept ideation and development, user interface design, user testing, design thinking process, information architecture, rapid prototyping, user research,ajay1411
working with startups, corporates and government agencies on innovation strategy, new product development and service design. master   s in product service system design at politecnico di milano, italy.   - startup acceleration   - design thinking facilitation   - mentoring in service design, ux & cx design.  - user experience & ux research  - design community and events
i am a product designer based in oakland, ca focused on designing experiences that empower people to be more sustainable through environmental and social impact!   i am currently available for a freelance or full-time ux/ui design related role.  currently, i am creating my first startup called ethical icon and volunteering as a product designer for the bay area climate emergency task force (cemtf).  previously, i was a software engineer at apple where i designed and developed multiple internal tools for the apple maps team.  if you are looking to hire a designer who is dedicated to a more sustainable tomorrow please reach out to me! 
self taught multidisciplinary stoic designer.,devomark enterprises pvt. ltd,designer and developer
hi i   m suman and i m working as a freelancer at home and make creative and simple easy to use design like   mobile application(design and development)  website designing (responsive), html5,css3 landing layout, social media poster, banner  flyer, logo,  video editing  banner for website,  ppt for business purpose, flex  newsletter,  browser, magazine,  seo, java wordpress project, e-commerce website etc   ,sumansengar1
i   m a multidisciplinary designer working across brand, digital, web, and performance marketing. in the past 8+ years, i  ve had the opportunity to work within many industries such as digital marketing agencies, tech, retail & the hospitality industry in both mexico and the united states. some of the brands i   ve had the pleasure to work with include uber, airbnb, lola, old navy, sephora, sap, barry   s bootcamp, creativelive, 
i am a web designer who specializes in creating dynamic and beautiful web pages. i have been in the field for nearly 3 years, and have been loving every minute of it. check out some of the links below to see what i   ve been up to lately.
ambitious accounting professional with a background in retail and the automotive industry. i'm a shsu grad with an accounting and international business double major with a minor in economics. i am an entrepreneur at heart and am always open to investment opportunities.   i plan to open a non profit business in the future. i would like some sort of youth camp/program that will expose kids to valuable lessons that aren't taught in school. lessons like the value of credit, how to change a tire, as well as introduce them to different trades. i don't believe we should be forced into believing that college is the only way out, we should be exposed to the endless possibilities.
rockdale,recruiters  please contact me and ask what i may be looking for in terms of open opportunities  don't just scan for keywords!      twenty years of experience on the web, including design and development, content management, content creation, digital strategy, content strategy, and administration      highly skilled in audio production and podcast production, including interviewing and narrative storytelling      highly skilled in creating and fostering grassroots social media campaigns for non-profit, for-profit, and political organizations      creator and editor of revision path, an award-winning showcase of the world's black graphic designers, web designers, and web developers, which is also the first podcast to become part of the permanent collection in the smithsonian's national museum of african american history and culture (nmaahc)      creator of the black weblog awards, the premiere internet event that showcased and celebrated black bloggers, podcasters
hello everyone,  i want a highly rewarding career where i can use my skills and knowledge for organizational and personal growth.   i have 4 years of experience in web, logos, illustrations, banners and brochures design, bootstrap,  wordpress, shopify site design etc.  i believe that my strong knowledge base and great experience are the keys to client satisfaction.   i work on this software    adobe illustrator   adobe photoshop   adobe xd   bootstrap   hub-spots   wordpress  here is my design work gallery  
i'm a swiss army knife in the world of tech start-ups.   i have 6 years of experience in the tech industry and have gained skills that range from       operations     process creation and implementation     negotiation, relationship building     experience design     project management     people operations     facility management     ux design     teaching     public speaking     event coordination  i thoroughly enjoy working on a team that is passionate about their work, excited about creating the best customer experience, and looking to lift up those around them.
self-taught designer who learned everything out of curiosity and passion. with a computer science background, my skills bridge the gap between user experience design and technology.  i believe in solving problems through design in order to improve  people's  lives.
too much interested to put my it / programming knowledge to fetch out quality output to needed it sector , person or company .  skills   php, laravel, codeigniter, mysql, html5, css3, ajax, javascript, sql, xml, api integration  i am always ready to accept the challenges in the it field with the great dedication.  welcome everyone who wants my service and you will not get any chance to be feel bad and you will surely get 100% satisfaction.,
nimba monnemu topkha is an international trade & economics analyst  and a fashion designer of luxury goods. his international trade firm nimba eden park is mandated by many african suppliers of agricultural mineral, seafood and oil products.he is an international trade and economics adviser for foreign companies seeking to source their products from african countries. he is the ceo and founder of nimba eden park ( a global trade consulting firm with a strong root in africa).   nimba eden park assist foreign companies to source their needed commodities directly from our reliable and potential suppliers in africa. he is deeply involved in the international trade development where he assists many african companies to create international trade links with others companies around the world. the company is based in abidjan, cote d'ivoire ( ivory coast ).    he is also a fashion designer originated from cote d'ivoire.  he is the founder of the luxury nimba   s custom-made luxury clothing line that is a abidjan-based company. our areas of specialization are clothes, shoes, handbags and accessories.  we design and manufacture our products in ivory coast. this company was established 3 years ago and is looking to venture in the global markets.,
experienced graphic designer and content creator with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry worked with more than 15 startups skilled in, graphic design, video editing, and content creation.,bysarthak
i love network and like to break security not privacy. i'm a strategist, designer, and engineer with over 20 years of experience building tech products, teams, and operations.  i coach underrepresented professionals working in tech, invest in bipoc founders, and lead teams building tech for positive social impact.  i live in nashville and work globally.
have years of experience in fashion design industry.,manchandas associates as a chef, i have a good understanding of where things should go in your kitchen in order to maximize efficiency.  i want to use my skills to help my clients achieve their dream kitchens while making it as functional as possible for that particular clients needs.  i am changing lives, one kitchen at the time.,
good design is honest and true to its purpose. i live to create practical, commercially-viable solutions that contribute to a sustainable future. 
creative graphic designer interested in making things beautiful. applying strong initiative, energy and confidence to complete projects with limited supervision and think outside of the box. possess practical knowledge in graphic design, social media, marketing, good judgment and discretion with sensitive and confidential information. fluent in spanish and english (verbal and written),
skilled in  adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, adobe indesign, adobe dreamweaver, adobe xd, html & css, keynote, microsoft powerpoint, microsoft word, microsoft excel, wordpress, salesforce marketing cloud, act-on marketing automation  passion doesn't begin to describe me. i'm a visionary designer that obsesses over creating the most compelling concepts then bringing them to life.   ideas are constantly churning in my mind and i make it a point to leverage these in all avenues of design for digital marketing, websites, and email creation.      versatile and flexible creative thinker     i pride myself in paying attention to detail, effectively communicating ideas and meeting client deadlines     i am always looking to learn new skills, techniques, and general knowledge
freelance textile designer with more than 18 years of experience in textile design and currently providing textile design service to many textile design studio, textile mills and various textile firms all-round expertise in the textile industry. specialist in textile design, jacquard design, prints and repeats and for all kinds of textile products  specialties  as freelance textile designer dalbir has experience and expertise in textile idea development, textile design,freehand drawing,photoshop,illustrator,ned-graphics,piece print, embroidery,quilt,jacquards,decoration,beading,colors,styling.inspiration boards.accessories.presentation
when the best-crafted message can mean the difference between success and failure, you call me.   i will make it sing.    i am an employer   s secret weapon. my time in the military has sharpened my mind to a razor   s focus, which i will use to complete my work and make you a fortune.
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in banner designing, user experience (ux), logo design, advertising, and user interface design.
dynamic, highly creative marketing professional             dynamic, highly creative marketing professional with diverse experience encompassing creative, strategy, advertising, marketing initiatives, web design, branding, and graphic design. updated on the latest in social media, pop culture, and current events. consistently utilize optimum creativity to create unique and innovative concepts and ideas. exceptional written/verbal communication and interpersonal skills. excellent organization, planning and time/self-management skills. recognized for leadership qualities and commitment to excellence. 7+ years of remote/wfh design experience, 4+ years of in-house design experience.  conversational spanish and swedish.
december 24,i am passionate about making a difference in the world through effective design. the power of visual design and design research is what gets me up in the morning. i stay current learning ucd principles and design trends through design workshops, research, testing, and online resources. i love to work with people that share my values in design, take risks in trying something new, and who are willing to put themselves out there.
i consider myself at the intersection of design, technology, and business. as a product designer, interior designer,senior interior designer + project management a trained designer with professional experience in ux design and landscape architecture, i love solving challenging problems through smart, beautiful design. i'm a proponent of user research and the use of analytics to develop informed, specific solutions for clients.
i enjoy creating new designs with minimalistic approach and love to see them come alive on screens. i have a very keen eye for detail and creativity. i'm here to provoke changes, to challenge the well-established standards, to go beyond and create a profound change on how we communicate and interact in this world.  i have a very strong inclination towards    keep it simple and slick   . the basics of my design technique revolve around the minimalistic and clean design approach giving the user experience the top most priority. the wireframe and mockups presented by me using my upfront  creativity and design thinking aim at bringing about a delightful experience throughout the product.
i am a skilled, creative & passionate graphic/web designer seeking to work with creative ideas, newer possibilities & efficient expertise.  i have rich experience in visual communication in both web and print advertising. ability to conceptualize new and fresh ideas and develop the same with the good graphic sense for print and web both with the following.. ..} concept branding ..} logo expert ..} corporate brand identity ..} web layout ..} photography ..} visual merchandising ..} animation (2d)  specialties ..} i can visualize and create brand concept according to product and client requirement. ..} strong visual communication. ..} ability to prepare high class advertisement for both print and web.
,i'm a ux/ui and visual designer with a passion for product design that is beautiful, innovative, and smart. i'm an expert in user interface and user experience design, usability testing, user research, wireframing, and prototyping. i have strong design thinking and conceptualization ability. my visual strengths include color theory and typography.  note  portfolio upon request only.   specialties  user experience design, user interface design, ucd methodology, wireframing, high fidelity prototyping, usability testing, user research, responsive web design, visual design, sketch, invision, adobe creative suite cc
i often hear people say when describing their work - well, we're not curing cancer here.... i feel strongly that i want to approach my life with a determination to make as strong an impact, if not more.   i am a product designer with a passion for behavior change. i am a systems thinker that gets excited about dissecting complex processes and flows. i am deeply empathetic and fascinated with human psychology.   my background has been varied, but at the core i love to conduct user research, design experiments, analyze data, and be able to provide insights that drive product decisions.  outside of design, i have a passion for leadership, entrepreneurship, and leveling the playing field when it comes to opportunities for everyone. i was a career pivoter and believe in evaluating someone's potential, attitude and mindset because skills can always be taught. if you have similar interests/thinking,
ui/ux designer, spanning across many related areas such as user research, user interface design, visual design, wire-framing, prototyping, service design in mobile and web application. i strive to help products and enhances user experiences on every digital platform.
i am full-time student majoring in animation and minoring in filmmaking. am an ambitious, outside of the box thinker, and a very hard worker. i have a passion for everything i make and or do.
i found my passion in ux design because it embodies solving problems through empathy and deeply understanding the user   s needs and objectives. i love storytelling and making life simpler for humans.      9+ years of graphic design experience with various clients in different fields     1+ years of ux research & design experience     able to develop prototypes ranging from paper and pencil concepts to high-fidelity designs that represent both the visual identity and interaction model required to ensure user success     expert-level skills in adobe create suite, invision, cinema4d, sketch, axure, and framer.js     coding capabilities in html, css & javascript     fluent in modern (responsive design) web standards
my multidisciplinary background helps me cultivate engaging experiences for a variety of purposes and to think with a holistic approach. i always stay in tune with emerging technologies and actively foresee opportunities to innovate.
senior graphics designer with 8+ years of experience in infographics designing, report formatting, brochures, promotional images with data visualization, business ppt specialist, ui, web, apps, pagination ads, user interface design, print media, infographics, designing newspaper advertisements and templates, mockups. possessing a strong willpower to utilize the skills and ability in the industry. looking to leverage my knowledge and experience into a role as performance coach.  specialty     planning concepts by studying relevant information and materials.     strong expertise on graphic principles, color theory/pallet.     illustrating concepts by designing examples of art colors, images, text style
i am a manager, strategist and product design consultant.   prior to joining airbnb, i was the design director at life360, a venture-backed company focused on location sharing, safe driving and home automation for families.   i collaborated for 10+ years as a product designer for startups and established companies like nike, amazon, and microsoft.   i co-founded next fitness, a data-focused fitness company enabling people to live healthier lives one workout at a time.   i received an ma from the university of the arts london and live in portland.
i aim to make people   s lives easier with a thoughtful approach to design. i believe transparency builds strong teams, and stronger products.
i'm a product designer + maker + dreamer. i design experiences that help humans adapt to emerging technologies and continuously explore and question new modalities of human-computer interaction. 
senior designer + non-profit board director,  creative graphic design specialist with 10+ years of experience in the management of the complete design process, from conceptualization to delivery. expert at interdepartmental coordination and communication. skilled with adobe creative suite (illustrator, photoshop, indesign), microsoft office suite, and web design applications (dreamweaver, html). able to stretch the boundaries of web page design and digital storytelling to help my client   s brand stand out.
i currently work as a product designer and a strategist at linkedin. in the past few years i have worked in the consumer, enterprise and fin-tech spaces. i began my career as an industrial designer, and carry forward the same design thinking and problem solving approach within the digital space.
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in html5, css3, bootstrap3 ,bootstrap4 ,materialize,foundation, java script, sql, basic php,basic react js, jquery,  and core java. strong engineering professional with a b.tech focused in cs from iet college.,
tiffany chan is an art director and multi-disciplinary designer. she has worked on a variety of print, digital, environment, product, and packaging projects in the worlds of education, fashion, food, and art.  her curiosity for these fields began as a young immigrant from hong kong  tiffany was driven by the question of how to communicate effectively     and creatively     across different cultures. this lead to her love of language, both written and visual.  for tiffany, design has become a means of further translating the world through work. additionally, she regularly photographs and writes copy on the projects she produces, further offering a unique perspective on all that she creates.  tiffany is passionate about helping you communicate your next project with clarity, originality, and maybe even a pun or two. feel free to say hi. __  strengthsfinders top 5 attributes  intellection,
i am a freelancer in graphics/ux/ui designer. i have about 4+ yrs of professional experience . i am pro with below software   s , adobe photoshop ,adobe illustrator , adobe in design, coral draw , adobe premiere pro, adobe after effect, adobe acrobat, audio audition, sound booth harmony, adobe flash player , adobe fire works,ms-office, microsoft publisher,adobe xd, sketch,prototyping
i am a product designer obsessed with understanding the why behind user needs and business goals to create human-centered products and experiences that also solve business problems.   i love designing from start to finish   1. conducting stakeholder workshops to understand and get alignment on business goals and success metrics. 2. conducting ux research to understand user pain points and unmet or underlying needs (sometimes almost exclusively in the context of the business goals identified).  3. synthesizing data to draw up insights and frame the problem that needs to be solved. 4. conducting design workshops and designing solutions  creating wireframes, visual design, and high fidelity prototypes. 5. conducting usability testing and iterating on designs as necessary. 6.  working closely with developers to ensure a smooth and efficient design implementation.  i am a highly collaborative individual. one of my favorite parts about working in the field of design is collaborating with people from different disciplines. nothing gives me more joy than partnering closely with product and development teams to synthesize data, design solutions and ship features out that produce results and meet our success criteria.  feel free to reach out to me if you like talking about design, cricket, sneakers, and ranch. i also love writing. 
i am a product designer with more than 4 years of experience. i currently work at linkedin. have been previously at groupon, amazon, flipkart and inmobi  the biggest motivator for me is to build delightful products and to create an impact as a designer. i would never start designing something without investigating the problem. this makes me naturally chase both qualitative and quantitive data. to champion overall user experience and to ship products in an effective way, i make sure to work in close collaboration with cross-functional partners. above all, i am always keen to learn something new, be it about the products i ship or a new design tool.,
preparation of architectural drawings in auto cad, cross sections and elevations.      working 3d elevation in sketch up      quick learning and hard working.      confidence.      good communication skills.      punctuality.      can easily adapt to any new implementation      team working spirit.,
august 10,user experience designer with over 11 years experience designing for dynamic user-centered guis on web, desktop, mobile applications and devices. recognized as an innovator, problem-solver, and advocate for the user. passionate about creating visually compelling user interfaces based on user-centered design principles and best practices, created through an iterative process from concept and wireframe to pixel and code.  hands-on experience with all stages of web and software product design and development, from customer / ethnographic research, requirements gathering, interaction design, visual design, prototyping, production and usability testing. writing & illustrating brand and usage guidelines. optimizing images, creating icons, illustrations, mock-ups, wireframes, formatting text, excellent manual and digital skills in photoshop
american express,senior product designer ,a lifelong learner with a demonstrated history leveraging a well rounded skill set in research and technology. currently studying computer science at middlebury college. interested in developing novel tools to aid scientific research, day-to-day activities, and more.   passionate about graphic design, dance, and peace education. is the national junior representative with the non-profit international peace education organization cisv.  skilled in python, spanish, java, adobe illustrator, leadership, and github, and much more.,
i   m a user experience specialist with an interest in building research-based products. for over 8 years, i   ve been serving businesses to find the right solution for their product.   when i   m not on the job, i love doing illustrations and working my way through every recipe in the family cookbook and indulge in my love for seeing new places.  if you   d like to learn more about how my services can help your company,
i have over 20 years experience in design/detailing. truly enjoy & quick at learning new things, i dedicate myself to the project i'm working on, wanting to make sure it is perfect to me. i'm not afraid to make executive decisions on the project to keep it moving forward. enjoy making things come to life on the computer especially in 3d and then seeing the final product in real life. i can look at the product and say to myself that i created it, truly amazing feeling. i'm passionate about what i do and dive into my projects fully everytime.  if you would like to know more about me or have questions please fell
i'm a product designer specializing in product strategy and execution for digital products across different industries in finance, entertainment, and enterprise tools.  i love to design friendly products that put people first, supporting their goals and aspirations.  go-to-tools  sketch, figma, adobe cc, procreate , and pen & paper.,jtcprod
product designer focused on visual and interaction design.  i   m the co-creator of hack university where i make tech and design content. we   ve garnered over 85k followers on instagram. 
a multidisciplinary strategist, product designer and art director. he is currently spearheading product at the envoy group     an agency specializing in brand, product and experiential to create a connected consumer experience for our partners.  prior to envoy soren led design and rebranded third & grove, a distributed agency with offices in boston and san francisco. in his time at tag, soren worked to shift their positioning from a development shop to a full service agency, while managing day to day design operations.  in early 2020 soren and his business partner will launch cardboard companion, a mobile application for board gamers to shop, play, meetup, network or track their gameplay stats. product is currently in private alpha.  soren is passionate about early stage startups, financial technology, leadership, product design, the implications of technology in our lives and candid conversations.,
trained as a human-centred designer from carnegie mellon university, ketki is passionate about creating practical and impactful solutions for complex problems. she is an animation and film design undergraduate and can couple her strategic thinking skills with aesthetic and compelling designs to create beautiful experiences.   she values organizations that work on diverse projects, take initiatives to help their employees grow and maintain a healthy work-life balance.
design lead for worldwide products from scratch to launch, working closely with pms, engineers, marketers, and other stakeholders      expertise in user-centered design methodology, user research, prototyping, user testing, visual communications, and coding  
i am a self-learned motion designer who helps in telling a product   s story, guide users, improve usability and make the user   s experience responsive and fun.
working on bringing video products to linkedin. been working in the content space for more than 5 years, with a lot of experience video and multi-media.,mauroofahmed,
ux/ui designer and front-end developer.  specialties      user experience design     user interface design     graphic design     interaction design     sitemaps      competitive analysis      graphic design & branding     information architecture     wireframing & sketching     storyboarding     brainstorming techniques     prototyping     design specifications     graphics creation & production     art direction     design process & tools     persona & usage scenarios     design standards & guidelines     agile/scrum teams     xhtml & html5     css & css3     html email design     jquery     haml     twitter bootstrap     corporate identity & branding     digital marketing,adamjgomeziterateux
looking for job change in ui & ux designer. working as ui / ux designer, but have experience in multiple roles like front-end development, back-end development, search engine optimization, google ads, agile project management.,
i am a game designer and writer dedicated to creating fun experiences for people all over the world. the shared social experience of games can bring people together and give them a strong basis on which to form relationships and connections.  i love being a part of that.,samuel_w_bailey,
,i'm an impact-driven designer with limitless curiosity. along with creating delightful experiences that are designed for the user, i enjoy telling the story behind it. i'm naturally a mobile first thinker with responsive design experience, and over the last year have expanded my learning and interests to be a design system contributor.  skills and interests  mobile app design, user-centered design, product thinking, ux storytelling 
bringing ideas to visuals, motion.  i   m a problem solver with +10 years of creative experience, which fortunately has given me  opportunities to build & lead teams and execute projects (presentation design, web development, events, print design).   breathing life into the brand   s story is a passion of mine.  presentation  technical skills  adobe creative suite, photoshop, illustrator, indesign, keynote, ppt, microsoft office, google apps suite, basecamp, airtable, smartsheets, dropbox, seo, php
dear all, thank you for visiting my profile.  i hope you all well !!  i am #looking for a #remote #job. i am sr. web designer and wordpress deveoper , having #experience of 4+ years.  i can give a confident solution in various web technologies, primarily focuses on client satisfaction with the best solution they can have and build the long term relationship that can lead to mutual growth  i hold great hands below technologies  1. desiging in mvc framework like #codeigniter  2. worked on #theme #customization  3. #emailtemplate design  4. maintenance of websites.  5. #html and #html 5 + #css and #css3 + #bootstrap  6. #wordpress + #woocommerce  7. familiar with # linux, #windows os  8. familiar with #visual #studio #code, #sublime text editor  9. #ebaylisting template design  do share with your connections, or dm me.
around 3years experience in qa engineer  experience in manual testing prepare test cases & executions  functional & user testing. design testing &ui testing . experience about load testing and performance testing writing test cases.,
what good will it be for someone to gain the whole world, yet forfeit their soul  or what can anyone give in exchange for their soul ,
9 years  experience in web and mobile ui design and development, for iphone, android, ipad.  key responsibilities include   responsible for creation and integration of user experience for mobile apps.  working on usability analysis to create better user experiences.  specialties  multi channel mobile application design, ux, web application gui, usability, user experience design. little bit of knowledge in php.,
with more than 8 years of impeccable learning and development experience with a wide range of audience.  she has trained more than 10,000 participants across the globe. she has conducted more than 2000 train the trainer sessions.  her forte lies in conducting sessions on customer service, sales & negotiation, presentation skills, creativity & innovation, business communication skills, corporate grooming and etiquette, personal effectiveness, time management, stress management, first time managers and leadership development to name a few. her energy is what makes her experiential outbound team building sessions a great success.  khyati   s expertise lies in servicing various learning and development projects across industries like automobile, pharma, fmcg, healthcare
people oriented ii strong negotiation skills ii belives in smart work. bring out the best of both worlds as we value your smile. designs best to luxury cloth  the contemporary environment that lets you look different each day, every day. let   s celebrate each day with riva fashion designer and be that shining star in every one   s life. riva fashion designer has a wide range of ensembles. explore our galore of striking rich colors fused together with exclusive stonework, carefully sequined work, intricate designs with bold embroideries, to make you feel and look like an empress.,riva9singh,
a designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. i'm a perfectionist by nature and that one quality ensures persistence and obsession in my work. i tend to keep working till i attain a level of satisfaction in my work, professionally, it must be combined with smart work as well as time management to always adhere to dead lines. fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. we have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down. creativity cannot be achieved by monotony or by impeding ideas. the brain has to constantly be into an over drive. i believe in taking inspiration from all the amazing works of all designers alike, but never in replicating them because i prefer to leave my personal signature on every piece of my own work.,
experienced designer with strong background in architecture & lighting design.   master of architecture (m.arch.) focused on architecture from university of southern california.  professional in computer software/ applications such as  autocad, revit, photoshop, indesign, agi.
having worked in the carpet and rug industry since last 10 years, i believe in understanding the needs of the consumers and then designing accordingly. i try to keep myself updated with the latest trend in the market. i also try to be as creative as possible and can work for long hours.  designing ,to get the size form flood inn ,to get the traces from plotter, developed prints, providing design layout to scale in architectural rendering for flooded floor plan & managing follow the production. entire home furnishing range ( wall to wall carpet), kitchen and table linen and floor coverings.  * outlook 2007 and outlook 2003 (e-mail) * adobe photoshop * adobe illustrator * coral draw * auto text, * cad (ned graphics) * auto cad * microsoft office and other common office software tools.,
i am keenly interested in growing my skills in the field of ui/ux design and contributing to the same. i aspire to apply my knowledge in the real world and come up with innovative and practical solutions. my interests include ui/ux design, graphic designing, typography, magazines, logos, illustrations, brochures,banners & flexes and other promotional collaterals. i have had the experience to work as a graphic design intern in a few startups. i am a team player who maintains a positive attitude and outlook. i have the ability to stay focused in stressful situations and can be counted on when the going gets tough.  when i am not working, you will find me indulged in music, movies, food and friends.  i love meeting new people and learning new things.so, feel free to say hello and share as story.,
we have over 15 years of design experience and have demonstrated success transforming client ideas into beautiful, functional design solutions. our mission is to create high-end spaces that truly reflect our clients' style and personalities. we encourage the out-of-the-box thinker and individuality. at delinda davis designs, we are prepared to lead your unique design project from start to completion, on-time, within budget, and with excellent quality.
failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. ... my passion in life has always been in high technology and pushing the boundary of technical progress. growing up in a country where life was constantly challenging and not always fair to people of lower economic status. to give back all the opportunity that was given to me after i moved to the us, i have made a mission in life to be highly successful in everything that i do. therefore it always excites me to learn more and come up with new ideas to solve the challenges that we all share. my fervent desire to add values to the world has always been my core principle.  in my quest for success, i have jotted down ideas and laid down plans to meet my objectives. this planning has placed me on an exciting journey that constantly puts me outside of my comfort zone. although i have ultimate belief in my visions, i know from several selected advisors that i can   t do it alone, it will take a team of high performing individuals to make an idea come to life. in this pursuit, i   m always building new connections and continuously searching for high performing individuals to make it all a reality.
i'm a passionate experience designer dedicated to creating meaningful experiences through my user-centric designs targeted at problem-solving.   i am extremely competent in converting ideas, spoken and written words into highly interactive layout and format to create a seamless, unforgettable new user experience. i like to back my design process and work, created by using discrete tools and design thinking, with high yielding research work containing of plethora of various methodologies, methods, and tools, in order to keep myself updated with current trends and forecasts and market demands to form design system and strategies, increase effectiveness and functionality of the final design product and service.  my industry's hands-on experiences in project management and animation movies have equipped me with expertise in strong design aesthetics, design strategies, effective communication, presentations and public speaking feedback management active listening, problem-solving and quick decision making. this makes a unique successful blend of being creative and pragmatic, which gives me a higher edge over my competition.,
experienced interface specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. skilled in user experience (ux), microsoft word, public speaking, html, and teamwork. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of engineering in computer science department.
i believe that the tech industry's ability to engage with the implications of what it produces grows slower than our ability to build new things. hence i take a historical, social approach to the construction of technical artifact     through thoughtful analysis of software, the conceptualization of society it encodes within, and of societies it overlooks. i hope to build knowledge and human infrastructure, through the development of technological infrastructure, that sustains through the aging of our industry.,zeerakahmed,
i have experience of working in a variety of sectors and am equally happy working in graphic design and web design. i have a solid and up-to-date understanding of user experience in graphic designing. and i have a 3 year experence in graphic designing . i work in photoshop, illustrator, corel draw and adobe premiere pro which enables me to design & build effective, original and user-friendly responsive graphic.       around 3 year of experience in graphic designing,
a ux designer  obsesses with people   s stories. i scrutinize stories, empathize and create products with rich narrative contexts.  check out my portfolio with interaction design, product concepts, prototyping,
hello, i am a professionals who have experience in the field of logo design, business card and other stationery design & social media design. we believe your satisfaction is my success!
civil and land development projects experience       preparing base map using survey or gis data (creating existing surface, boundary & subdivision and preparing vicinity maps)     site development concept plan.     rough grading, fine grading and final grading plan      storm drain and storm water management plan.     site planning.      earth work    cutting & filling volume calculation   .       utility plan wssc standards.     erosion and sediment control plan    swale, sediment trap, earth dike, stockpile & pond   .      drainage area map plan.      wssc projects.      maintenance of traffic plan.      roadway design such as horizontal and vertical alignment (geometric design, corridor, cross section & profile, labeling and creating dynamic tables) using civil 3d.     bridge designing    civil & structural   .     railroad designing using csx standard.     structure schedule and detailing     swale, bio-retention, sediment trap and pond design.     as-built cut sheet for water and sewer design.     civil design for both dry and wet utility plan including water management systems.     boundary plats and easement plats during pre-design and design phase.     perform civil engineering tasks including site design, land development and stormwater management systems using civil 3d     exhibit and floodplain delineation 
as a senior architect at burns & mcdonnell, i have the pleasure of providing new and existing clients with excellent service     leading or supporting several automated warehouse, manufacturing, food and consumer products, energy, sports, and governmental projects.  in my previous role at chipman design architecture, i was assigned to the chick-fil-a design team as a design associate at the chick-fil-a corporate support center. i managed multiple design partners in northwest, midwest, mid-atlantic, southwest, and ontario regions. i pioneered the regional pipeline design associate role and hired, trained, and managed design associate team. i applied corporate big move and cross-organizational priorities to create innovative restaurant design solutions.  throughout my 12 years of experience, i   ve successfully innovated, built, and managed facilities     working as a project architect and bim manager for a variety of healthcare, public, and municipal projects. for more than a decade
trained as an architect designing physical spaces, i currently craft digital experiences at twitter. i brought along the same passion for user-centered design, aesthetics, and complex problem-solving skills. i seek to inspire and delight with my work.  specialties   scenarios and workflow analysis, information architecture, interaction design, wireframing, prototyping,  motion graphics, visual.  keywords   passionate, creative, lifelong learner, doer, coffee drinker.,
designer, roman renaissance art lover, tea addict. acting at the junction of aesthetics and mathematics to create a strong, lasting and remarkable design. i blog about design in my free time. check me out on dribbble or medium. resume attached below,
hello this is harmeet (expert web designer & developer ) 4 years of passion for web design & development. i am a front-end developer who can take care of your website from scratch to advance stage, from theme customizations to unique features.  my main skills are  ui/ux design, programming languages such as html5/css3/php/js, wordpress, mobile design, server management, load-time reduction, and performance enhancement.  i am a friendly, professional worker who will be happy to help you. i have worked for lots of people and companies from bloggers to big businesses around the world.
web developer specializing in front end development. experienced with all stages of the development cycle for dynamic web projects. my skills include html, css, bootstrap, javascript, jquery, and graphic design.,
ever since i was 13, designing has been my passion.i have grown my skills in photoshop, coreldraw, illustrator, cad, 3ds max and parallel learn codding.          i love applying responsive design principles and watching my web pages shrinks into mobile screens and still look amazing. i also love to solve customer's problems with modern technology.  professional skills  html | css | xd | java-script | illustration  | designing,
i am a multidisciplinary designer specializing in user interface design, user experience and impactful video production. i recently graduated from ucla, majoring in design media arts and my goal is to create experiences that inspire and engage. using extensive research and deep conceptualization, i help move ideas from incubation through new product execution. i am proficient in adobe photoshop, illustrator, aftereffects, premier and more, and have been studying design fundamentals such as typography, motion graphics, color and 3d modeling in my curriculum at ucla.   i have a great passion for design and a simple but modern aesthetic. i thrive in a collaborative environment and am driven by evolution and the pioneering of new ideas. whether i create videos, design websites or construct ui   s and logos that can be understood by everyone, i look forward to contributing my talents at the intersection of art, technology and business.,
as a designer, i stand at the intersection of business and technology. i find joy in simplicity, and i'm a creator at heart. what do i bring to the table  a commitment to quality and a willingness to learn.,
,september 13,designing is my hobby. i love photoshop, illustrator and xd. my experties are web page design, app design, brochure design, flyer design, bussiness card, wireframe design, social post and etc.... designs.,
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in adobe creative suite and customer service. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in graphic design from mississippi state university.
a designer with product vision. former pm for b2b2c products. specialized in enterprise tools, data visualization and design strategy.  currently working on uber internal tools to increase operation efficiency and facilitate high-quality decision making.
i am a ux researcher & designer passionate about delivering clean designs with the best user experience. i love to generate new ideas and devise feasible solutions to complex problems. my expertise includes designing through formative research, task analysis, wireframing, prototyping and moderating usability studies for the development of the user-centered design.  for further details, check out my portfolio.,
mechanical designing i industrial design i product sourcing  i process designer i factory 
wish to become an expert in the field of iot.,aepl ,experienced user interface designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in wireframing, graphics, logo design, user interface, visual design, user experience, and typography. strong information technology professional with a diploma focused in graphic design from arena animations.
currently in nyc, living with intention and surrounded by all things beauty, fashion, architecture and culture.   proudly blending life experiences in and out of toronto and new york city. growing a global network of driven like-minded individuals who are drawn to marrying eclectic energy.  leading with worldly, but admittedly, canadian values.   a fearlessly creative and digitally focused leader responsible for creating digital and social programs for consumer and corporate clients alike. the objective is to present high-quality deliverables by planning, designing and implementing digital plans and providing insight into emerging global trends and technologies.  on the hunt to feed an unquenchable appetite for taking risks and backing big ideas with insight that hasn   t been proven yet.   i question the conventional business models with ideas of how to best disrupt unsustainable methods. nysid & parsons is where i connect with innovative pioneers that are tackling pressing issues, with simple solutions.   guiding a human transformation, that will collaborate with multidisciplinary hierarchal systems is what excites and motivates. this  lifestyle of continuous learning promotes global awareness, we need this. now. //,
on the journey from not knowing to knowing - richard saul wurman,kaurdsgn, i believe the grittiest problems can be solved with unwavering curiosity, diversity of thought, radical collaboration, and a whole lot of intention. to me, that's what design is all about.  i came into product design through the unconventional path of medicine, intending to be a doctor. it's an interesting and long twisting story, but it boiled down to reflection, self-education, a bit of luck, and insatiable drive. two years after transitioning from medicine, i became a ux strategist, and i've been building my design career ever since.   in the last six years as a designer, i ...  - designed for brands such as disney, hard rock cafe, florida hospital, and gopro. - worked on a diverse array of platforms, from native apps, responsive web, to hardware. - shaped experiences in education
a lead product designer, i   ve designed mvps across several verticals, launched across domestic & international markets and designed a feature to support checkout as a member of instagram   s shopping team.   i lead with ux strategy  managing expectations is an expertise.  user research is bae.   fun fact  i started out as an archivist at lalaland. today, i design products for tech companies, design agencies and start-ups. i manage the end-to-end design process, work with stakeholders to move beyond perceived limitations, and have a participatory approach to creative leadership.   portfolio over at allykeller.com  parsons school of design. cornell tech. general assembly.
hello. i'm an elearning creator and instructional designer. i create custom elearning courses for your company. i have created elearning courses and instructor-led training (ilt) for customer care, online retail, medical and pharmaceutical,  mortgage loan sales, compliance, leadership, software applications, financial investment products, hr policies, anti-harrassment, mental health in the workplace, diversity and inclusion awareness, and more,elearningbydana,
i think the use of technology, especially online and interactive technology, has become an essential facet of facilitating teaching and motivating learners in any subject area. i regularly move beyond the theory to develop interactive learning objects and online tutorials, along with integrating web 2.0 technologies, social media,digital marketing, mobile apps where appropriate, to encourage learning.,sheldonjlo
a strong-headed and determined candidate with combined interests in on-field investigation and intelligence led research. exhibits strong communication skills, analytical and leadership skills reinforced by academic and work experience in a private forensic laboratory. adopts a logical and methodical approach to solving complex problems using a variety of scientific techniques. ability to effectively lead and collaborate with a team in challenging, time-pressured environments as well as an avid learner.  professional collaborations, opportunities and projects always welcome.  domains preferred- digital forensics, crime scene investigation, research & security  i am a post graduate with a degree in forensic investigation (msc) from cranfield university, united kingdom as a british council scholar. bachelor's in ayurvedic medicine and surgery (bams).  trained in  investigation & evidence collection, analytical techniques, reasoning for forensic science, forensic intelligence & exploitation, investigation of explosives & explosive devices, hazardous forensics, digital crime investigation, trace evidence, courtroom skills.  intern at interpol, igci, singapore  i conduct training in   -evidence management -forensic investigation -digital forensics -crime scene investigation -3d reconstruction of crime scenes -questioned document & fingerprint analysis  in the past
helping brands and businesses create their identity and perception. experienced freelance designer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in microsoft excel, microsoft word, data entry, microsoft powerpoint, and javascript. strong arts and design professional with a bs focused in computer engineering from bahria university.
i   m a multi-skilled designer passionate about arts and technology. owner of an extremely creative mind, i   m always thinking and making beautiful things. i have a special crush for mobile design and cute iconography. during my free time i enjoy capturing beautiful landscapes and eating good food.
managed client's website design from concept to final product. i provide effective and functional web designs to company that met their specific business/personal needs. i also provide competitive market analysis on the e-commerce site and proposed suggestions to the design and available functionality and performed routine updates, upgrades and overall maintenance of the website. ensured accuracy of website content by thoroughly editing and cross-checking  ),kanwalyaseen01,
interior-exterior-design i am confident, competent and imaginative interior designer and 3d designer with extensive experience of working on residential and commercial project. i have interior design diploma at jjaada academy of the interior design and art in london, kitchen and bathroom planning design course at chelsea university of the arts and master degree in landscape architecture. proven track of experience in both exterior and interior design. fluent communication with customers covering requirements analysis, discussion, solution proposals, planning, designs and presentations. excellent software skills in 2d and 3d computer visualisation tools like autocad, archicad, sketchup - v ray, artlantis, photoshop or vectorworks. significant technical knowledge and experience in architectural detailing and compiling drawing packages. ability to create and present design solutions satisfying specific needs for each individual customer.,
hi we are a team of professional graphic designer with an experience of over 5 years in the field. we run our graphic designing business both physically and virtually. we can design any kind of logo design, banners, poster and stationary.,
working as a ui/ux designer for the past 8 years. have been working with some of the leading clients like telenor, etisalat, jazz and creating digital platforms for more than 7 different industries including healthcare education, telecom, fintech and more. my job has been taking an idea of a digital product, and making it into the a user - centered design by going through the steps of researching, brainstorming, wire-framing, prototyping and mocking up.,
puma designer offers professional and high-quality graphic design services. i am a customer service oriented, and i will work with you until you are completely satisfied with the outcome of your design projects. i am the experienced designers. we are new here but experienced from last 2 years.    *** 2++ years of experience (print & web media) *** best price with 100% satisfaction. *** working 6 days   support for 7 days a week.    ** specialties **  *** graphic design *** website design *** innovative logo design *** high quality illustration *** app screen  *** label & package design *** elegant powerpoint template *** unique brochure/flyer *** t- shirt design *** corporate identity *** print media & stationery *** advertising material *** brand identity *** book cover & ebooks,self-employed
i am an experienced ,graphic,website designer & video animator .my goal is to surpass your expectations. i want to wow my clients. i deliver quality work on time and on budge,
consider this summary as my formal application presenting my background, education, and experience.   i have over 15 years experience in the interior design field , 7 years experience in the events management field, and 3 years in the visual merchandising field  and i have the skills, education and experience in designing, studying a concept, creating new ideas, and following up on the production.   my objective is to work as a creative designer in a highly professional company, where i am constantly motivated to give the utmost creativity, as well as, perseverance and perfection in work.  my goal in my career is to create and develop unforgettable projects and events using every time different strategies, tactics, and concepts.  specialties  creative designing,  interior designing, space planning, conceptual designing, events management
,experience 2004-2020 (16 years) i studied interior architecture. i have developed my passion, skills and knowledge, in various different sectors within the industry. i had extensive experience and different skillsets in which this is brought to every job or project that i work on. i have a vast knowledge in the luxury residential market where i have worked for the past twelve years on several projects for very prestigious clients. i have a very good knowledge, and understanding of architectural detailing and construction. i   m passionate about technologies applied to the architecture and to the objects of everyday use. i like being able to improve the use of an environment  for the people who lives or works or just have an experience with that space. i love art, i think it's the soul of every interior and i'm always looking for every form or expression of it. i like to create a story for every interior design project, who will be related to the site, to the architecture, and off course to needs and demands of the client. i like to think of unique things, creating spaces that speak of history, style, that convey an emotion, developing client's idea, enriching it with details, make it real. understanding of genre and historic qualities within a current space or building, to help bring out the best of a space or building as a whole to achieve great characteristics and personality to bring the design/s or look alive. proficiency in the use of cad , photoshop indesign and other computer based office suites as for hand sketches. specialties  - conceptual design -development of concept through sketches or cad drawings -knowledge of materials and finishes - scheme design  -work out architectural/design problems - project management from concept through to completion - presentation drawings and boards - rendering for presentation - detail design and development
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the apparel and fashion industry. skilled in trend analysis, fashion illustration, retail, shirts, and textiles. strong business development professional with a ba in fashion design (stylisme et modelisme) focused in fashion design and draping from lisaa - l'institut sup  rieur des arts appliqu  s.
based menswear shape designer with a strong background ,not just a graphic designer.  i am a creative artist with passion, vision and a background of  finance and marketing to enhance your company   s visual image and build its success.    connecting with my clients.  my personalized, professional approach is about building a relationship of trust and mutual understanding.    an eye for design and art. i focus on developing creative and effective design that makes people sit up and take notice.     customer loyalty a priority.  personally speaking, this is one of my strongest character traits. i am fiercely loyal to my clients and take pride in helping them to realize their creative vision.     i save my clients money and time.  i use competitive pricing to ensure that my clients invest in design services that will suit both their goals and budget.    balancing creativity with structured professionalism.  i don   t just provide superior creative services to my clients, i also provide structured project direction.   my life is design, i love it and i surround myself in it every day.  i am  1. passionate (i absolutely love what i do) 2. enthusiastic (i want to learn) 3. sceptical (i think critically) 4. focused (i have the right attitude)  specialties      art direction & layout      business development (branding)     ability to conduct research,faizansha
i am a graphic designer on fiverr . i like to work on different projects with great people . so i join fiverr to work with great people,graphic designer on fiverr,graphic designer
23 years' experience in interior design from a residential chateau, award winning law court complex and recently a restaurant, primary experience is workplace strategy and design having worked for leading practises in london and mid-east.
i am a huge people-person and spent a few years with programming, and i love writing content! there is nothing greater than writing!  when i'm not working, i am usually at home listening to music or hanging out with family or i am working out. i am very much a kid at heart, love to cook, watch tv shows (f.r.i.e.n.d.s!), and i love travelling.  i love meeting professionals to learn new things.   design  adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, adobe xd.  front-end development  html5, css3, javascript.,
a fresh graduate in graphic designer looking forward to new experiences and a creative team to work with. very passionate and enthusiastic about my work.
3 year experiance with relateable recogonized companies and designers..  other than i did alot of work as out source with some other designers and also help out some new companies to start up their bussiess, and provide good resouces..  i also working with designers as a fashion textiles consultant..
hi, professionally i   m a graphic designer, having 5 years of experience in my field. i am an expert in adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator and canva. i can design business cards, business stationery design, logo design, banner ads, brochure design, flyer design, book cover design, photo background removal, photo editing, presentation design, and website design professionally. i can do almost any type of designing related work. a keen observer and a good thinker who always try to be creative in producing unique ideas. i believe in quality work, not quantity that's why i always focus on my work to satisfy not only myself but my clients 100% too. feel free to contact me. warmest regards  ),
hello, my name is humna siddiqui, and i am passionate graphic design with over 6 years of working experience in the it industry. i have designed powerful visual content in the past, including infographics, logo, social media, dashboards, portal designs, logo animation, motion graphics, branding, personalized printing stuff, flyers, brochures, gifs, banners, leaflet, ppc banners, invitation
black box sounds,graphic designer ,i    m a user interface and user experience designer with 5 years experiences in creating stories between web products and people. i   ve created wireframes, mockups, mobile applications, graphic designs, interactions and prototypes for both brands and agencies. i like design trends and interactive technologies, i use to design and creativity to solve problems. i   m generally curious, a creation lover, music addict, pixels consumer. i   m passionate by digital creation and the people who make them.     m actually daily creating with      photoshop     illustrator     sketch     invisionapp,
self motivated,highly creative and multi-talented graphic designer who conceptualizes innovative design.i'm always up for a challenge and look forward to always striving to become better.skilled in a variety of logos and marketing packages designed to strengthen business  competence.
fifteen years of experience in design, producing creative materials in multiple formats for mass media, advertising, information technology and entertainment industries. highly skilled at developing and launching new media brands. multiple roles in illustration and graphic design, including development of visual products like logos and trademarks to formal acceptance as registered designs and acceptance as trademark. extensive proven experience in all major media software, including adobe, windows media application, apple media application and a range of custom applications. excellent knowledge of print production processes and their technical requirements. excellent knowledge of social media advertising and their technical requirements.design,organize and manage all promotional artworks for samaa news. excellent knowledge of broadcast media and their technical requirements. profound ability to work in a multi-project, team enviroment. strong ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with all levels of management, other employees, vendors and the general public. uncommon ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with all levels of staff, community leaders, goverment representatives, customers and coworkers. deep ability to translate the vision of an organization to design application. to create a working education path and develop creative talent at all levels of the arts and related media from beginner to post graduate. to provide a monitoring service to people in the creative professions. to contribute my many years of experience, knowledge and skills to management and guidance of a creative, state of the art organization.  specialties  adobe photoshop
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in graphics, logo design,branding,ui, web layouts,landing pages, microsoft word, communication, and graphic design. strong arts and design professional with a bscs focused in graphic design from sir syed university of engineering and technology.
experienced user experience designer with a demonstrated history of working in the automotive, telco, gambling & casino, ecommerce & agency sectors. skilled in mobile first responsive web, native & hybrid app design. research, sketching, wireframing, prototyping, user testing, hcd, branding & identity, visual design, fed. strong digital creative professional studied at southampton solent university.,
an excellent team player with high quality designing, advertising and branding with web design skills. i can implement my ideas aligned with clients needs, from a to z while keeping up on the latest design trends. i am a creative, focused individual who has a problem-solving nature and a 'can-do' attitude. enjoy innovative layouts and quickly think    outside the box    while working within deadline to keep a positive project. graduating as graphic designer from university of karachi (uok) in karachi.
i am experimental by nature, always exploring my creativity. i am a creative graphic designer.  i can design creative and attractive signature logos, web sliders, banners, adds, headers, business cards, mockups, social media posts, posters, quotation designing, and vector tracing. if you are searching for an enthusiastic and hardworking artist then you can just click that ''message'' button. i will design logos and illustrate your ideas by putting my efforts and providing best services to you. thank you! regards, areej fatima,
my passion is baking and  decorating gorgeous bespoke cakes to suit any occasion.  among my wide and varied range you will find fun imaginative novelty birthday cakes, beautiful celebration cakes, elegant miniature cakes, designer fairy cakes and  delicious cupcakes and muffins!   please enjoy browsing through all sections of my website where you will find many examples of my work to hopefully inspire you and give you some ideas of what you might like for your celebration. please also feel free to contact me directly if you would like to discuss your ideas or if you don't find a suitable design in the galleries there.  you can also follow me on facebook by 'liking' my fan page, natalie's creative cakes  specialties  bespoke individually designed cakes, cupcakes and gifts for milestone celebrations....or just because you love cake  -),nataliecakegirl
antonio holds a higher national diploma in design, silversmithing, jewellery and allied crafts from london guildhall university (sir john cass department of art and design) where he specialised in design, diamond mounting and setting.    antonio is a qualified teacher and has extensive experience of teaching diamond mounting,  jewellery and gem-stone setting at university level.   he also runs his own business  designing and making fine jewellery  for a wide range of clients based in both england and italy.   antonio is a fellow of  the institute of professional goldsmiths.
my role as a uxer centres around putting users at the core of product design, focusing on user experience as well as improving design practices and consistency. i concentrate on creating an appealing product that users want to engage with, through strong attention to detail, pushing boundaries with visuals and integrating modern frames of reference to convey the brand.  through my experience, i have learnt the significance of user experience and user interface to guide the aesthetics of design, and the overall impact ux have on shaping a product.  here to make a real impact on user journeys in our everyday lives. above all else, i want to make a difference in the world, a real, quantifiable impact.,hong_simon
hi, i am   zlem (  zlem) a user experience & service design lead and mentor, based in london. i translate human insights into services, products that enable and delight people and drive impact.  last ten-years my work experience has addressed complex challenges in all sectors. i have collaborated with organizations such as royal canin, henkel, hilti, signal uduna, vespa, turkcell, turkish airlines and garanti bbva.  skills  user research, service design, interaction design, user experience design, user interface design, user testing, sketching, wireframing, interactive mockups
having made the switch from a successful career in architecture admin to interior design, i graduated with a professional diploma in interior design from the klc school of design and the klc personal achievement award for 2010.  casey & fox was born in late 2011 and we have established a solid reputation as an innovative and creative design team.  i'm passionate about two things  the planet and design! my aim is to help our clients to know and understand the many eco-friendly options that are out there when it comes to choosing a kitchen work top  a coffee table or even fabric for curtains in a hotel.  casey & fox have recently completed the design and refurbishment for a lovely 3 bed garden flat in belsize park. we picked up the project post planning permission and handled the overall design throughout, the contract tendering & project coordination with builders & suppliers. we are also involved in commercial design projects.  the diversity of our projects lead us to not only in london, however in cambridge, oxted and haslemere amongst a few.  i also take great pleasure in organising informal network support group m  tier rendezvous for interior designers. we hold bi-monthly brunch networking events, where we discuss everything from internships, great suppliers, the current market, pr, good office practices and so on. we invite industry related professionals to give a short talk about what we could be doing better to improve our business and processes.  **************************************** as we at casey & fox have established a solid reputation with many clients returning for new projects, we've become even busier in 2018.  i am actively seeking to make strategic alliances with freelance project managers who are open to working with us on a project-by-project basis. if interested, please contact me on the details above.  ****************************************,siobhan_casey,
experienced freelance graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry. skilled in cover art, graphics, coral draw, logo design, adobe illustration, brochures, adobe photoshop, adobe in design cc. strong arts and design professional with a master of arts education - med focused in education.,
download my publication consciousness illuminated and the reckoning of physics from  a 525 page document featuring  the complete definition of consciousness, what it is, how it works, and how it came to be. the framework of the conscious mind and its workings. the full architecture and methods for the creation of machine consciousness. a complete physics framework, experiments, and techniques, built from the ground up. inventions for the advancement of space exploration and the next era of 
i have been serving in this graphic designing industry since 4.5 year..during this time i have gained as much as necessary understanding and proficiency of designing and layout. think, act, invent it   s my design process witch motivate me to think and evaluate a great idea. by acting on an idea i try to make it real, which invents the new ways of success and achievements. various graphic projects like icon design, logo design. books cover design. mobile software design completed successfully by me including web projects like banners and web pages etc. i am a good in a team to give outstanding result, but i am better when i am work independently. the liberty to make experiments, to acquire new techniques, unique ideas, tendency to push conventional boundaries is my power which ensure quality work,
i am super passionate about anything that allow me to be creative !,kiwi creations,game designer , i am graphic designer i have 6 years experience in graphics,graphic design
i am working as a  graphic and ui/ux designer since 2008.creative designagency19,creative design agency,ceo .i am a ui/ux designer currently in london. i started my design career as a 3d modeller for video games. this helped me understand 3d graphics and introduced me to the ar industry. creating these immersive experiences exposed me to user interfaces and made me understand how important it was to communicate information clearly to users from a human-centered design perspective.  i believe that good design should be transparent in solving the problems for the users as well as innovative in order to give to the user a new and unique experience.  my goal is to design the most advanced yet acceptable interfaces that users can enjoy using every 
i'm a highly qualified professional workplace, commercial and residential interior designer with over twenty five years of experience working mainly in the uk and europe.  i   m a forward-thinking creative designer, natural strategist with a flair for great pitch work. i'm passionate about injecting creative ideas into my projects, always insisting on innovative solutions whilst maintaining effective return on client investments. i consider myself all-rounder, a great listener and communicator, always looking to inspire both clients and colleagues and help progress complex projects simply and smoothly. i am hands on designer who is auto cad literate with a passion to engage and develop close relationships with my clients with the ability to produce hand drawn space plans, concept visualisations and working drawings in front of clients to create a clearer and deeper understanding of my design approach.   i have worked for many top international blue chip companies, private residential commissions and award winning design practices  creating long lasting relationships with my clients.
rachel is a senior designer, experienced in working with award-winning design agencies, ground-breaking startups, and on teams at google since 2013 (chrome, search). she has worked with clients and collaborators like seth godin, bmw/drivenow, google duo, doctors without borders, and freeletics.   she has led over 20 design sprints, events which create and test solutions for critical organizational problems in less than one week. her sprints have helped doctors without borders drive organizational change, and transformed how chrome approaches translation. she has spoken at 30+ events in 7 different countries.  she also starts new things. she co-founded the first german version of the maker faire, called make munich, and founded the design jam, a quarterly event which brings together coders, designers, and business people to build products over the course of a single day. she worked with the local ixda chapter for 5 years in munich to host great speakers each month.,
i am a talented illustrator and photoshop graphics artist. if you require vector logos, business cards, letterhead designs & other stationery items or any photo-editing task, then please send me a message. for further information please check my services.
i have a bachelor's degree in visual communication design. i have strong capabilities in design development and implementation of successful user experiences and user interface. i   m good at design, improving the existing applications,  attention to details, time management, and communication.  i have completed or assisted with numerous projects. some of my duties included developing a business identity, app/web design, researching new technology, interaction design trends, collaborating with experienced architects and user experience.,
i am a fluent speaker of english language. i am an artist, a designer, an avid reader and an active writer. i write fictional and non-fictional short stories and novels, along with informative and entertaining articles for magazines. i also take time to proofread, edit, and review the works of fellow writers. simultaneously, i help in branding companies and businesses through creating logos and stationary packages. i also paint in multiple mediums such as oil, acrylics and water paints on canvas, walls, papers and any other available space.   i am fast, efficient, and have a knack for accuracy. by nature i am a perfectionist, and that reflects in the quality of my work. i make certain that i am thorough in my work, and my clients can see the touch of perfection in it.  i have excellent follow through skills, and i will stay focused on your project until you are thoroughly satisfied.  i care as much about your project as you do. i can help you look magnificent on paper. let me handle the details of your vision, allowing you to continue creating them.,
hi! i   m a interactive ux designer. i design web, app, erp/system design  that are clean and elegant.  my passion is to deal with colors and creativity, i love converting ideas into visual language. i am always trying to execute perfect design by means of maximizing skills & efforts through different mediums. in simple, i am enthusiastic & result oriented designer.
started as an illustrator to an animator to ui designer, i consider myself as a multi-disciplinary designer. my curiosity to learn new things and make things better (visually and usably) has lead me to explore different disciplines of design and arts. looking forward to taking on design challenges and produce something visually pleasing, usable, research-based and user-centric.  growth oriented | design freak | project ownership   you can find me here 
design is something that is a part of our everyday life. in our homes, in our towns and even in our wardrobes every aspect has come from a design. i believe that you have to be creative, self motivated and hard working when it comes to studying the different areas of art and design.
i'm a driven and flexible graphic designer with a proven record of delivering creative and innovative design solutions. i have the 6 yrs experience of in the field of specialising brand identity, printed based advertisements, marketing collateral materials, social media advertising posts and photo manipulation.  i am here to offer you my designing skills and experience to help you grow and develop your business and brand identity. i can provide you with a complete range of design solutions to improve and enhance the impact of your brand.  i want to implement my knowledge and experiences practically which i gained through my studies. i will try my best to keep concentrate on my work and do a work honestly and show you a better result.,
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology industry and agencies. i have great knowledge and command over designing tools and techniques to make an impact image of brand and its products. i believe in responsible for creating design solutions that have a high visual impact and enough to satisfy clients and the company i am working for.,ln technologies,user interface designer
working within the design team at sauce as a ui/ux designer. working closely with the development team to create iot software and applications.  designer with over 9 years commercial experience working on large projects for local/international brands. including  deliveroo, tropic skincare, garness jones, siemens gamesa, innerspace homes, ideal and many more...  hsad graduate in graphic design.  i specialise in user centric design within a ui, app design setting - primarily on iot products and systems.  i   ve the ability to work within an agile framework (scrum, sprint) but also a traditional studio setting. an articulated speaker, i thrive on personal development, sharing of knowledge and just being open to new ideas. passionate about art/design history, i have a wealth of knowledge on 20th century design and filter that into my work.  digital skill-set -      ideas generation and mood boarding     user stories     user personas     sitemaps and user flows     wireframes (low and high fidelity)     animated/interactive prototypes     ui design, design patterns     ui style guides     email design     typography  offline skill set -     branding     creative / credentials presentations     editorial and artworking  other skills -     after effects animations     social media marketing (ads, social posts)     presenting     workshops     bronto email automation (design)  works with -     illustrator     photoshop     xd / sketch     indesign     after effects     mailchimp     shopify     squarespace (circle member)     semplice  if you have any questions queries about these capabilities,
almost 7 years of experience in interactive digital solutions like designing, visualization, conceptualization which includes the verticals of user interface design, iphone design, game design user experience, branding, marketing concepts and collaterals with some more tasks involved like team leading  in today   s industry one has to constantly thrive for new standards and innovations. i have constantly practiced the above process, which has led me to groom in the field of web and mobile.  mobile application ui/ux/icon design, web design, web application ui/ux design,
i have been involved in various projects in ui development for web applications for the past 10 years. recently working with software engineers and ux designers building cutting edge templates and mobile apps  i am interested in applying for the ui designer at top tier digital advertised / it web solutions / online advertising companies.  as you will get to know from my resume that i have developed a wide range of user interface websites, which have all improved user experience and this has aided my proficient knowledge and responsibilities of this position.  my education background is associates degree in computer graphics / media sciences followed by a certificate course in web development.  i am still providing the highest level of service and dedicated to your 100% satisfaction to us customers and clients as a freelance web and graphic designer.  i have proficient knowledge in the process and responsibilities required for this position.  i would like to bring my skills and experience to work in your company.  i am already applicable to work in australia, and can migrate on my own easily.  i'm a dedicated performer, i provide services in the field of  graphic design / ui design web development (html5, css3, bootstrap, ). cms platforms (wordpress, codeigniter & custom) analytics webmaster tools version controlling systems (svn, gi) data entry documentation research & planning after delivery maintenance seo  i have enclosed my resume along with this cover letter for your consideration  i would appreciate the opportunity to discuss everything over a skype interview with you to discuss this position and what i have to offer further.  please contact me at your convenience. i look forward to your response.,farmanahmed2007,
i a'm graphic designer   i have 4 year experience   i work on adobe illustrator & photoshop,freelancer.com,graphic designer
i design software for a living. i   ve been a designer since i graduated from shillington college in 2007. i have practiced many different forms of design, and eventually found my calling as a product designer. i   ve worked for both small startups as well as large companies.,rhys_merritt,
ux/ui designer in ecommerce with a strong focus on cognitive and observational behaviour to better understand and identify the problem first.  design tools - figma, adobe xd, sketch, prototyping, after effects, principle, invision, photoshop, illustrator  ux - quantifying and defining ux metrics, ux strategy, interviews, contextual inquiry, customer journey mapping, lean ux, open/closed card sort,
award winning ux/ui/product graphic designer for mobile/web/system.  dean   s specialty is in concept development of new technology base platforms. over his career he has been working with big international brands and successful delivered leading graphic projects.  in 2008 he finished his mba in marketing & management and since then has developed experience in ux/ui, leading ux/ui department as a head or lead designer.     dean is a technology-designer who enjoys creating innovative solutions from the initial concept to completion and who has a keen eye for detail. very fast designer, eager to learn and ambitious, dean is an outgoing, enthusiastic person with strong analytical, organizational and graphic abilities.    as a team leader his approach is to find a way to work together as every designer contributes his own unique viewpoint for the success of the project. dean   s ambition is to work for an organization that promote multi-disciplinary and creative thinking and that aim at innovating.
globe services,ux / ui designer ,i will do quick and original logo design free revisions graphics & design / logo design  creativity         uniqueness         original logo identity makes your business personality. your logo is the face of the company. you are looking for an inspiration for the business/company logo or simply want to check out the exceptional logo design work. an experienced logo designer understands the requirements of different industries and provides businesses pertinent brand identity. specialist in following categories typography iconic emblem minimal symbolic 3d + 2d signature flat hand drawn versatile features of gig   ai, eps, png, jpeg, psd, tiff, svg, 100% satisfaction guaranteed lifetime help support high resolution  300 dpi extremely fast delivery simple & unique concept express logo design vectored & print ready files. ***money back guarantee*** best regards,                                            frequently asked questions   what is delivery time  just 24hours  what is quality and professionalism surety  all source files which is you need for normal or basic business. print ready source files. eps, ai, png, jpeg, svg, psd, and pdf files. eps and ai file are vectored and scale-able   ..  why me  because i   ll design a good and unique logo for you. you can check my 3 years experience portfolio on fiverr. i will deliver your logo design in 24 hours.  what information is required  brand   s name         tagline if is necessary         what the business provides         any competitor         design preference on how would you like the logo to be, a text-based or icon logo design         any specific imagery         color preferences         typography style that you may have.
has an inclination toward fantasy art. her dynamic style and focus on the new age makes her an architect who likes to experiment with novel ideas with particular focus on the renewed relevance of topological reasoning and experimentation. inspired by her late grand mother who was great interior decorator, growing up seeing her creativity, maham takes her mentor's creative mind to untapped levels. her ba architecture from punjab university enables her to exploit her talents beyond the mundane by working productively in series     to describe, conceptualise, theorise and ultimately project new topological ideas.    i believe every art form is interrelated because with everything we first have to visualise and ultimately create.  our team  aesthetically and technically well equipped architects, interior designers, draftsmen, 3d visualizes and skilled executors is what pa+cc team is comprises of. we as team use our expertise, capabilities and dedication to bring high quality standards in design and services. we have all that takes to lead to an exclusive architectural design into reality.
i'm zee a pro graphic designer, i have worked in many companies now i'm sharing my experience and exploring my network at other platforms. i have 5 years of experience in graphic designing. one of my famous place of work was candyland  co.,
roots international schools pakistan,graphic designer,highly reliable information technology professional with a focus on creative designing, agile process management, communications and pr management. passionate to explore, learn and grow in a competitive environment, where i can positively discover more expertise and utilize my skills. i love to professionally apply my good communication and management skills in the progress and development of the organization or company i get to serve. my vigorous participation in extracurricular activities proved well to develop my leadership and analytical abilities, which are vital in the achievement of goals in the fast business world.  moreover, my tremendous interest in designing and socializing always made me involved in activities that need imaginativeness and developing a more appealing and visualizing impact on viewers mind as well as sight. i love communicating with ambitious and enthusiastic entrepreneurs, goal-oriented people who have their specific aims, and even with those who need guidance or suggestions in decision making for their career or multiple matters that need motivation.   my realistic management capabilities always demonstrated me exceptional in observing issues in process or people that made me take my professional career to process management and jira project management learning experience, and great learning path towards scrum master.
+10 years working as a designer, developing my creativity, service design and innovation skills, designing products and services for leading agencies and technology companies in emea and africa.      delivered innovative and out of the box projects for clients as tesco, marks & spencer, boots uk & norway, yellow pages, rbs, bbc, ups, lloyds, hsbc, ford, amplifon, phillip morris international, standard bank, nos, nbad, howdens
i'm a digital media professional with extensive experience in digital media marketing, graphic designing, project planning and execution. with more than ten years of professional experience in the educational and corporate sector, i have always ensured that the passion and enthusiasm for my work have shone through.,sehrishfatma
a digital creative director and senior user experience designer based in london, with over a decade of experience in multimedia design. during my career, i've worked with companies ranging from some of the most innovative startups to global 500 companies on projects that reach millions of people every day. bellow, you can find a summary of what i do and some of the things i stand for. you can check out some of my work on my website  portfolio/  with a background in computer engineering and architecture, i can say i have a unique perspective and skill set for a creative director/designer that has always allowed me to see further and deeper than others in my field. i think these domains are all interconnected and my ability is to combine the rational aspect of engineering with the innovative touch of architecture and the free spirit of graphic design. i stand somewhere in the middle of these three main lines, so my design style is  rational, innovative and nonconformist.  ever since childhood, i had a special connection with paper and pencils. actually, every project of mine starts on paper, it doesn   t matter what type of project, it helps me focus and it inspires all of my creations. i believe the secret to doing great work is having fun. for me, design is never work, it   s my passion, and when you love what you do, you can achieve anything.  i   m a strong believer that going outside our comfort zone sparks true innovation and takes us where we wouldn   t usually dare to go. neale donald walsch has a quote about this, and it goes like this     life begins at the end of your comfort zone.    i like to encourage the people i care about and also my clients to do the same thing. we may fail now and then when outside our comfort zone
first and foremost, i am a people person and a team player. i want everyone to win. ui design is just one of the areas i cover. working for a company that has drive and ambition to produce the best outcome in the best ways of working, is important to me. i want and like to be challenged, to learn something new and grow as a designer and as a person.  i have a very good grasp of ux and get fully involved in the process, interactive design, prototyping and more. i am always pushing myself, bringing my    a    game and always learning. it makes what i do, that much more enjoyable.  i love what i do and i bring that passion to work.  i do it all with a smile  ),
i have a major interest in new business, always on the look out for new venture. i love learning and finding solutions. i have a passion for music and travel. life is for living so live your dreams and aspirations to the fullest. 
i am a user experience & interface designer, with more than 20 years of experience in crafting interactive products.  from websites back in 1997 to enabling cross-functional scrum teams in 2020, i have been helping companies build better experiences. i am a curious mind, great at raising problems and exploring solutions, while playing within the constrains of each industry. i am passionate about creating intelligent user interfaces that make people's lives easier.  i  contribute to the entire creative process.      discovery & ideation     user experience     user interface & interaction design     rapid & high-fidelity prototyping     user-testing  i have worked for some amazing companies, including hsbc, just eat, natwest, royal bank of scotland, alpha bank, thames water, ikea, fage, mondel  z, toyota, tim, vodafone, cosmote, coca-cola
a highly confident & passionate designer providing premium services from small business owners to large scale operators. have served many happy      customers world wide and wish to work with more. continuing to utilize consultative design & marketing skills to assist my customers to be successful in their business. 
head of supply chain with over 20 years experience focused on continuous improvement in supply chain operations, new product introduction, supply planning, demand planning, 3pl logistics operation, developing suppliers and contract manufacturers (cmo) capability in fmcg sector - across europe/asia and in different product categories.   skills - supply chain management - new products introduction - 3pl/4pl warehouse management - procurement and strategic sourcing -       starting up new contract manufacturers - supplier/contract manufacturer capability improvement - project management / prince qualified -       customer service and order management - cost savings ideas generation and implementation -       closing / exiting current cms - work experience in asia & europe
i am an enthusiastic, confident and multi-skilled professional with more than 25 years of experience within the international field of education and training.  what i can do for you  advise on or manage digital education projects and learning experiences create online synchronous or asynchronous training courses and materials design and deliver face to face training develop video-based training and promotion for edtech products advise on educational app and game development for web and mobile review and feedback on existing edtech products  support the marketing and promotion of edtech products recruit and train teachers for the delivery of online learning advise on and review the educational projects  develop language learning materials and content advise on and/or develop ebooks deliver online or face to face conference papers and workshops   key skills include  strong commercial awareness of the international elt sector. consistent track record of designing and developing high-quality innovative products. ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and under pressure. strong attention to detail and focus on task completion. demonstrated success in product execution & launch. ability to improve efficiency and reduce operating costs whilst increasing customer satisfaction and retention. proven ability to identify new customer and partnership opportunities. ability to perform qualitative and quantitative research with existing and potential customers. ability to work with, support and motivate cross-functional teams. exceptional intercultural awareness and sensitivity.  previous clients and employers have included google creative labs, british council,  bbc, international house, open university, oxford university press, cambridge university press, macmillan, bell educational services, westminster university and a number of smaller startup companies.,nikpeachey,
i am professional graphic designer  i have many years experience in graphics  we make professional, unique and exclusive logos, using attractive colours excellent creative skills and awesome imagination to match your requirements  all logo design will be created from the requirement of the company modern and selective colour choices based on the business, and high quality designs  we also design, web banner, facebook covers, business cards, logo animation video, 3d logo animation video, flyer, cartoons and logo designs
i design critically important pixie dust to make an organization hum! what does it mean  i work on the culture and people because thats important for the success of any organization.  i believe in abc (always be cultivating) philosophy by thinking of recruitment as a sales process. if you want a-players on your team, your company must spend as much time and effort attracting and retaining employees as it does on finding and keeping customers.  talent acquisition should be run like a marketing campaign for a product. a candidate's entire journey from the time they see your ad, until they join your company says a lot about the brand.their exit also matters so that they can keep continuing employer branding of you.  i do not believe in yearly performance appraisal. it doesn't work! what works is constant feedback, team building and focusing on leadership skills. you see a problem and you work on it. do not wait for a year to appraise. i help build teams, strengthen coordination, team work, cross functionality, process mapping. everything got to be practical and effective otherwise its of no use.  am a technology geek. always curious to learn what's new! i believe technology helps optimize processes and business growth. i have worked on various hrms softwares implementation like mihcm oracle and other interesting cloud based platforms. customized modules, heavily work on the data, designed reports to find interesting information to further build an action plan. roi matters.   so if this makes sense and you think we are on the same page, then why wait   let's talk!
i lead ibm   s new wild ducks commercial storytelling studio, where we create compelling pitches and presentations for purpose-driven brands. we help ibm partners to show how good humans and technology can work together to positively impact people, the planet and the bottom line with ibm technologies and services. i also lead our communications masterclass performance coaching program.  i am also passionate about help to solve the climate crisis and i give many keynotes each year (mostly virtually) about about creativity, climate change and using technology to make the world work better.   i also host of the ten words podcast (inspired by a book i wrote) and i release a new episode each week, focusing on a famous person who has changed the world with big ideas, small words and short sentences.   when i'm not talking about ibm or inspirational storytellers, i am usually racing bike or drinking bourbon somewhere nice. i enjoy spending too much money on rare business books and vintage typewriters.   in past lives i have owned my own agency, written four books and worked for brands such as nike, mtv, rovio, lvmh, uber and vodafone. i have worked on strategic accounts with facebook   s largest ad agency and led marketing strategy teams at adobe and salesforce. i have also spent some time as a giraffe keeper!      voted the #1 most influential person on twitter for #bigdata by onalytica      top 100 digital marketer globally (digital scout) 2019     top 25 tech profession on the tyto power 100 in 2019     top 10 most influential tech professionals by b2b magazine 2017     top 30 most influential digital marketer in the world 2016 by onalytica     the 3rd most influential social media marketer in the uk the drum
a good team player, excellent at problem solving, communicates confidently and effectively and is a hard working and a self disciplined individual. she also demonstrates initiative and is proactive, highly motivated and eager to learn.   olivia is passionate about interior and spatial design and developing her creative skills in a business environment.
finn harries is a british designer, filmmaker, and environmental activist. he   s a student at the architectural association in london where he's completing a bachelor of architecture.   in 2012, he co-founded the popular youtube blog,    jacksgap,    with his brother. to date, jacksgap has accumulated 4.1 million subscribers and 200 million views across 64 films. the channel is dedicated to travel and storytelling through digital media.   in 2015, finn collaborated with the world wildlife fund (wwf) to create a documentary exploring the effects of climate change on the greenlandic ice sheet and the surrounding sea ice. since the documentary, he has gone on to give talks at the u.n. and tedx, calling for greater action on climate change.  he sits on the executive board of the u.s. based non-profit    the school fund,    where he advises on design, innovation and digital strategy. in 2016, he led a full re-design of the branding and website, along with the production of three shorts films and new photography.,
i have strong graphical skills.currently pursuing a diploma in graphics designing, 3d graphics, animation, i have become a skilled creative designer with a variety of experience.,
owcareers,front end developer,united kingdom,learning and applying the elements of design in the world of art and fashion
a highly competent and meticulous graphic design graduate, a focused and self-motivated individual with a comprehensive understanding and practical experience in dealing with graphic design related issues. works well under pressure and to tight deadlines whist consistently delivering to a high standard. uses   initiative to work under minimal supervision if needed. ambitious, dedicated and enjoys learning as well as  being a quick learner and able to adapt to any situation or environment.
passionate and enthusiastic in both interior and graphics design.,alenwaan engineering consultants,interior designer
4 years experience in interior industry. currently working with dubai free zone and freelancer,priyankatheiddubai design district,interior designer
skilled freelance graphic and web designer with over a decade of experience in the field. dedicated to staying up-to-date on new techniques and procedures related to graphic and web design. excel at web platform development, desktop publishing, computer aided design, and video creation. managed multiple projects simultaneously. excellent communicator able to work as part of a team or as the sole designer.  certified with google digital garage in fundamental of digital marketing on 25 september, 2019. also awarded certification from google analytics academy for completing the course google analytics for beginners. template monster (templatemonster.com) awarded a certification for successfully completed the html css certification on october 8, 2019. i am also the certified partner of template monster.  completed six-week workshop in digital photography from indus valley school of art and architecture conducted from feb 09 to march 24,  
i am a creative professional   having 4+years of experience, proven ability in design and production of artwork for wide variety of materials viz. logo's, posters, newsletters, banners, brochures, adverts, vc's, marketing materials for social media   etc.
i am strategist and user experience designer  in the region of dubai and i help small businesses and individuals all over uae to generate results on the web by aligning their business strategy with users needs.  i have the skills to help your business stand out on the web by a strong brand image and strategic positioning in the search engines and social media.  to see some of my works, feel free to visite my portfolio on behance 
an experienced ui & ux designer who is passionate about building functional products out of ideas and loves to solve complex problems. i have successfully delivered projects related to fin-tech, cloud computing, ecommerce, and mobility.   my technical background helps me in connecting well with the developers and also my love for elocutions has enabled effective communication skills for me.,
i am young and imaginative multimedia designer having multiple skills in 3d design, animation, graphic design, 3d visualization and exhibition design with 8 years    experience using 2d & 3d graphic software. my passion is to focus on design aesthetics and their impact on society, and need to inject this energy and flow of ideas where i can contribute my skills to a professional company
netsoft offer enhanced employee productivity and reduces communication costs with feature-rich ip telephony solutions. with our solutions, your staff can count on effective, unified communications no matter where they are. we provide the same high-quality communications whether your enterprise has a few or n number of users.,
a capable architect design who consistently pushes for perfection, and who uses his creativity to deliver technical brilliance. karomatullo is an expert at taking concepts and then creating high quality images and assets from them. he has big aspirations for his future career and has in the past worked for some of the world   s best known brands. on a professional level he is always exploring new avenues and constantly mindful of memory restrictions and design requirements. a motivated and passionate architect designer with a proven ability to develop high quality, life like animations as well as having a solid understanding of interiors and processes. possessing the artistic expertise and technical ability required to work closely with designers to create visually stimulating content that will intensify game playability. also having extensive knowledge of everything related to 3d computer graphics and a knack of quickly understanding a projects mission, vision and values.  karomatullo specialises in creating immersive and cutting edge designs of the highest quality. he can take artistic assignments from start to finish without any significant training or guidance. as a true professional he has no problem working closely with other architects to solve problems on a consistently win-win basis. karomatullo is an expert at creating bespoke and innovative design objects. he knows when something is architectural right and when it is wrong.  on a personal level he is eager to expand his knowledge in a huge range of technologies. has a    raise the bar    attitude towards everything he does and firmly believes that small artistic teams are the key to success in large projects. being a proficient architect he is eager to undertake a versatile and rewarding role within a growing company.
i am a passionate ui designer with over 10 years of design experience. i am curious and creative, i love traveling, music, arts, cultures and languages. exploring nature, hiking through the jungle, swimming in the ocean, going on adventures, getting to know cultures and the diverse flora and fauna of the earth is not only part of my life, but also my unlimited inspiration. i am always looking for a new experience and challenge that will teach me something new.  i have several years of freelance design experience, i've completed an internship in a design agency in berlin and graduated from the digital media program at the university of the arts bremen.,
with 1+ years of professional experience in interior,graphics  designing . i   m always looking for opportunities to utilize my design skills in digital media and provide my clients with an excellent graphical solution. with my knowledge of design i manage to make all the efforts to understand the latest trends so that the company maintain its high quality of work and satisfy clients as well.  i'm always open for freelance work and collaborations.  expertise       visting card     3d kitchens     reception counter     bed rooms     t-shirt design  
,to gain professional experience and become an expertise into the field of interior architecture and design. in addition, aiming to proceed my higher education in the field of architecture and design.
experienced design engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the investment management industry. skilled in construction, engineering, civil engineering, curtaiwall and cladding design and facade design. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science (b.s.) focused in civil engineering from university of rizal system-rizal state college.,
as design director for hospitality i have guided my team towards excellence in creative design. improving user experience and successful delivery of all projects is at the heart of my work, whether it is designing a hotel, a restaurant or a piece of furniture - the emphasis is always in the detail.   i am design-focused, as well as businessoriented. i continuously encourage not only myself, but my team too to embrace new design ideas, innovations and to ultimately expand past our perceived limits. my growth as a designer is a result of my ability to listen to the market needs, as well as tune into a client   s goals and challenges for every project. i have constantly delivered superior quality projects that are highly regarded by clients and recognized by the industry   s leading organizations through several accolades.   i am able to understand and translate a vision into creative and outstanding interiors, with an ability to understand and lead project bids. as a market influencer and trendsetter, i am committed to supporting positive enduring change in the region and creating a sustainable impact on society. it is a commitment i have not made lightly, and am invested in it.,
born with a desire to bring imagination in to reality and innovate something which will redefine the way to see the world. i am looking for an opportunity where i can explore my creative talent. i am seeking for a position to utilize my skills and abilities for a professional growth while being innovative and flexible towards my work, which will benefit me and to others. i want to serve my hard work and dedication for company   s professional growth.,mnk interiors llc
i'm a product and ux designer with 9 years of experience working with startups and tech companies of any size and various industries. i'm an author of an amazon-best selling book currently working on my own products and helping businesses with great vision to design theirs.
civil engineering professional with 4 years experience in architectural and interior designing industry. proficient with autocad, 3ds max, photoshop. having good knowledge of designing and modeling of tensile fabric structure. have good exposure to american and british standard of practice of rc and steel structures.,
founder metadesign berlin 1979, with offices in san francisco 1992 and london 1995  left in 2001 to set up the united designers network, later renamed spiekermannpartners. the company is now called edenspiekermann, with offices in amsterdam, berlin, los angeles and san francisco. started fontshop in 1989. now letterpress workshop galerie p98a.  specialties  type design, information design, large corporate design programmes, international projects.,espiekermann,
interior designer,depa group,ff&e material coordinator,a digital designer focused on ux, product strategy and user research with an aim to make beautiful products that make sense.,
passionate about solving problems, creating great experiences and understanding the business side of design. i'm an empathic design generalist with a focus on user experience. my background in sustainable business management and industrial design helped me deepen my management skills and my creativity. currently, i am adding web development to my skill set to be a better communicator. being a hybrid between design, product, and development is where i am most comfortable - constantly growing and learning is what makes me wake up with a smile.,
has been working for 7 years as an automotive designer with experience  from some of the world's leading brands such as mercedes-benz, volkswagen and audi. she has had a passion for cars and motorsports since childhood. although, she began her studies in fashion and product design before following her true passion in the field of automotive industry. having been raised in budapest, hungary  she graduated in 2011 at the moholy-nagy university of art and design budapest. t  nde began her career with the volkswagen group in 2012 where she  had the opportunity to work on exciting projects such as the new tiguan as well as the passat alltrack, t-roc, atlas, touareg, up, and touran.  always seeking out new challenges, in 2015 she transitioned to audi ag in ingolstadt  where she had the privilege to coordinate pre-development projects and work on show car projects as the e-tron and h-tron t and aicon concept vehicles. working in the automotive industry, t  nde finds herself eagerly awaiting any opportunity to share her journey with other aspiring women who also wish to pursue a career in the automotive industry.,
i'm passionate about solving user problems by using design and technology. people-needs guide my design decisions in pursuit of the best results. my goal in my daily work is to give a human touch to a data-driven approach.   user tests, data analysis, and different research techniques help me to create and refine ideas. developing solutions by using a combination of data and empathy to create great user experiences is what drives me the most.   skills  product design, ux design, interaction design, usability tests, user research, visual design, prototyping, project management, a/b test, information architecture, creative workshop facilitation, mobile design, mentoring, figma, sketch, framer x
in my work i act out of a deep understanding of what customers want and need and give them accessible, understandable and desirable tools to solve their problems.
creative and technical product designer with experience across a broad range of design functions in the consumer electronics, health-tech and home goods industries. proven ability to translate market, brand and innovation strategies into meaningful user experiences, interactions and products. focus on design strategy, concept design, and product development, often combining new technologies and digital experiences into physical products.
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in design management 3d visualization, automotive design strong sales professional with a bachelor of science focused in transportation design from art center college of design.,
i am professional graphic designer with 1 year experience and i completed 50+ works.        i will create professional logo design for you for   5  order now   5  fivesquid     graphic design   logo design  order quantity 
i am professional graphic designer with 1 year experience and i completed 50+ works.          about this service  order feedback  0  0  expected delivery  2 days  hi! are you looking for an outstanding and creative logo for your company or organization or you want to make some changes to your current logo to make it modern  then look no further... i  will create unique concept for you at an affordable rate.i am a professional and experience designer.           my intention is the  100%  client satisfaction. if not,  100%  money back  guarantee.  unique design    100% satisfaction guarantee    unlimited revisions  on time delivery  print ready files  quick response  note i am not qualified to do work related to sex,adult,any complex drawing /mascot illustrations in basic gig if   you need any one of them or 3d logo design then first contact me for pricing. we will not do any change after the completion of order or not refund. what is stationery design include  i will provide only business card design.
amatradingllcamaranthine trading llc,designer,i have created and designed great web and print graphics for many companies worldwide and local, cooperating with other designers. i love doing creative design.i'm highly professional and communicative, always deliver on time and guarantee 100% satisfaction and quality,
passionate about creating attractive user experiences for ,a ui/ux/visual designer. i have a passion to make the complex simple. i aim for the best user experience, all the while balancing the needs of business and technology to create successful and elegant digital products and experiences. as part of creative and interactive teams, i have worked on national and international brands. skills  user experience (ux) design, user interface (ui) design, interaction/website design, illustration, application design, sketching, wireframes and logo design 
a multi-disciplinary designer specializing in user experience design and information design. i completed my masters of design in information and interface design at the national institute of design, bangalore, india in 2016. i am also a graduate of national institute of fashion technology in fashion communication, bangalore, 2012.  i am by heart a problem finder and solver. i believe design is a process of not only finding the right solution but also looking for the right problem and it is as important. right problem gives meaning and value to a solution and our journey of thinking. the simplest way that i practice this is by observing things, people and physical interfaces around me in my daily day to day life, questioning, what, how and why a thing or a person behaves a certain way. i love to explore new challenges, design problems that might not even have a solution yet or have not been seen as a design problem yet. my daily inspiration comes from reading blogs, looking at other great designer's work and keeping an eye on the industry. i proudly take ownership of my work but also know it deep down that good work cannot be done alone, it thrives on collaboration and feedback.,shatabdii,
as a manager and leader since more than 10 years in both, oem and in-house supplier environments, often acting, steering and navigating off the beaten track, there is nothing more exciting to benjamin than delivering remarkable results to the company.   his flat hierarchy leadership style, involvement of all talents, and cross divisional interaction led to excellent results under challenging budgetary-, processual- and timing targets at any time.  having lived on three continents, and being in constant real-life and digital exchange with european, asian and american subsidies and/or partners, has formed a creative leader that very well knows how to get things done. representing the company in front of media and investors/dealers, as well as presenting to top-level management, is no new territory.  the curiosity and eagerness for great experiences, beauty and innovation, is a constant in the life of benjamin, if in private or business.,
cad drafter/designer with more than 15+ years of experience not limited to site development, roads and highways, infrastructure and civil architectural building projects design and drafting. knowledge in cadd package  autocad, civil 3d, micro station and other cadd package related to design platform.
graduated in 2014 from the department of architecture at el shrouk academy . working in uae since march 2015.  my main interest is design ,that interest directed me to work as a freelancer interior designer .this is in spite of i wasn`t working in firm that deals with id .  working with a projects from meeting with the clients to the site supervision .  looking for an opportunity to work with a team  widening my horizon and put me at the start of the way to work with a team at interior projects .,stantec
i believe i was born to be a designer. zayed university alumni in multimedia design. i   m a hard-worker. i love challenges and impossible things. i   m a fearless friendly person with a creative mind. incredible communication and presentation skills. always open to learn new skills and challenge myself. proud of my own colors!,dubai petroleum,graphic designer
i don   t restrict myself to design. the blend of design, programming, and software development is where i feel i excel. i have been extensively involved in designing and developing user interfaces and as a result, i ended up in building a whole lot of cool designs which are in turn reflected in my portfolio.  i am looking for full-time position in design starting from september'20. i have the right attitude of learning new things and i can work with much higher energy and enthusiasm. my technical specialties are as follows  - visual design interaction design product thinking user-centered design
i am seeking to gain experience in all areas of design, enabling me to build on my existing knowledge, and give me direction so i can focus my energy into a job that i love.  i am a highly motivated and organised individual with strong interpersonal, team working and leadership skills.   portfolio includes recent projects at pol kefton which is private residence design.  university projects are available on request including commercial retail, office, and exhibition design.,
i   m a interior designer and 3d visualization artist based in dubai. starting as a 3d visulaizer in 2015 and now heading interior designer role. with more than 5 years of professional experience in the interior design industry i am looking for new opportunity as a interior designer / 3d visualizer.,mark one interior,interior designer 3d visualizer
a positive, reliable and hard-working creative thinker and designer. i am passionate about what i do, eager to learn and always ready to take on whatever comes my way.
i'm proud of providing you with a full array of design services. these services include concept generation, 3d modeling, 3d rendering, images at 360 degrees, and complete architectural or industrial plans.  regarding the growing need for such services, we are to provide you with the highest level of professional integrity out of your organizational sources, which means we take care of your needs to develop your business to its full potential as far as they come to design issues. the satisfaction developed from our services provided by professional design is at the heart of our highly regarded reputation and the cornerstone of our business. we further provide our services in a timely and economical means, as determined by the needs of each of our client   s projects on an individual basis.,
i am passionate about user experience, design, and psychology. with my multidisciplinary skillset, i can integrate creativity with technical and business expertise. the experience in psychology helps me understand and perceive human nature and behavior better and thus, create designs that are human-centered.  i like to create great designs and for every design, i try to follow milton glaser's quote     there are three responses to a piece of design     yes, no, and wow! wow is the one to aim for.   ,
i'm an ambitious, passionate ux designer with skills in ui design as well. my background includes over 7 years in the design concepts. some of the skills that i bring with me include  create a pixel-perfect design and i   ve learned to be resourceful and innovative in order to find solutions that work and learned the power of listening and understanding while communicating. i apply these principles to design user experience and flows that make a positive impact on digital products and make them easier and more intuitive to use.   my ultimate goal is to work for a company where i can demonstrate and fine tune my skills.   skills  - ux design - competitor analysis - user research  - usability testing - persona creation - information architecture - wireframes - prototypes - interaction & visual design - mobile & responsive design
i am pragun agarwal, a graphic designer from india, and a fresh mfa graduate in graphic design from the maryland institute college of art (mica), baltimore. i am originally from new delhi where i was born and brought up before moving to ahmedabad to    nish my undergraduate degree in graphic design from the national institute of design (nid). in my four tenure between 2010-14 at nid, i served as the vice president and subsequently as the president of the student body for a year each.   after my graduation in 2014, i interned at turmeric design and then  worked at codesign for three years and spent six months in bangalore working at enterspace.  in the summer of 2018, i completed an internship at pentagram with abbott miller. additionally, i have pursued my interest in the area of calligraphy, typography, and lettering as a personal practice and i am continuing to do so even at this point. these speci   c skillsets have become an integral part of my work today.   currently i am working as a senior designer at landor, hamburg.
experienced product designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in user research, user experience design, user interface design. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in industrial product design from istanbul technical university.
the rapid developments and ever-growing mobile revolution pose continuous challenges to even the most forward thinking companies. i strongly believe in user-centric design in order to create a great experience. user-centric design means understanding what your users need/want, how they think, and how they behave and incorporating that understanding into every aspect of the design process.  i give guidance, feedback and direction in the design process, present concepts and designs and i work together with designers and developers to find the best possible solution for the end user and the client.,
a designer bringing harmony and rhythm to digital products. living and designing by the philosophy  less is more.  
my name is hesham mohamed i'm a graphic designer. i create awesome print and web designs. i define myself as a loyal, adaptable, self motivated, confident and down to each person, which means that i am smart and fun. i breathe, eat, and live design.. i also speak two languages, arabic and english, how cool is that 
experience designer on a mission to transform education through exemplary learning design and effective leadership.                                            - course design and curriculum development (6+ years) - leading a multinational team of over 20 instructors (3 years)                                        - designing and developing face-to-face, blended, and online courses - creating learning content using storyline, rise, camtasia, snagit, lucidpress, kaltura capturespace, etc. - developing formative and summative assessments using a variety of lms tools (online quizzes, discussion boards, blogs, wikis, journals, eportfolios, etc.)                                                                   led a team of instructors in developing an online course for bosnian educators,    leaders of online learning   . used design thinking principles for the design of the course.   successfully collaborated with multiple remote teams (graphic designers, marketing professionals, legal counsels, and entrepreneurial advisors) to prepare the bh futures foundation   s brand new educational platform for launch.      co-designed an online course on covid-19
i design easy-to-use digital products (mobile and desktop) that make life easier for its users. i research about users, and their behaviors, then analyze the researches and make the data of them visualize by creating personas, empathy map, customer journey map. i create the wireframes then validate design by usability testing, a/   b testing, surveys and focus group, i use analytical tools like heat maps, navigation time, and recording session for understanding how a user interacts, i always learn from tests and feedbacks, i try to find a balance between users and business needs to make products user-friendly and enjoyable. teamwork is so important for me, i collaborate with product managers, visual designers, and technical team to make the best product.
i am an interaction designer with a foundation in industrial design, who is interested the intersection of cultural practices and technology development. art and science inspires me to continuously learn and build an amalgamation of my design skills with other disciplines. i believe design is multifaceted and to approach opportunities correctly one must first be able to critique the craft. a designer must understand the importance of problem-setting as much as problem-solving in order to design meaningful experiences.  competencies  ethnography, user-centered research & participatory design ideation & concept development quick prototyping, wireframing & user testing project & team management presentation, oral & visual communication,pkod_
engineer graduated from damascus university i have skills in several fields such as gardening and landscape design, 3d design programs. i'm passionate about green building, urban and landscape architectural, i love to work a lot. i'm a very sociable and an easy-going person and i like solving challenges,wasimelsadi, cross-funktionaler teams (ux, softwareentwicklung und business) 
i bring an engineering perspective and creative problem-solving approach to create products and experiences people love to use. persistence, curiosity and an obsessive attention to detail define me. with a background in software engineering, experience as a digital designer and developer, i am competent in all aspects of the design process.
a creative graphic web designer from dubai uae, a well-versed team player who can express an idea and can create a quality piece of design through an assembly of an image that can satisfy audience experience.
experienced designer shipping user centric digital products in consumer-focused tech companies.  passionate in advocating for the value of human-centered design. driven in developing design strategies based on user research and insights turning them into meaningful product experience that drives business impact and deliver results.    skilled in design thinking, design direction, user experience design, user research, user interface design and building human-centred strategies, vision and solutions.
a creative and dedicated professional interior designer   with very exceptional designing skills,intense planning experience , detailing and co-ordinating projects both in the public and private sectors including implementation stages. seeking an added value to my profesional career with an internationally acclaimed organization that can fully utilize my talents, skills and past experience
professional solar engineer / project manager with 6 years experience and a proven track record of completed projects  msc in renewable energy sources
interior design graduate from the american university in dubai in 2014.  syrian/american nationality.  6 years experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the led lighting and graphic design industry. skilled in adobe photoshop, illustrator,  coreldraw, video editing, 3d modeling, 2d drafting and especially in lighting design. strong arts and design professional graduated from jawaharlal nehru computer accademy.,
highly motivated,systematic, organized, hardworking and dedicated team player with an analytical bent of mind with excellent academic credentials.   i am a qualified architect/interior designer with 5 years of extensive experience in the architectural & interior designing arena.  possess flair for drawing, deft in translating concepts, dexterous in visualizing accurately and technically qualified in the discipline with credential as bachelors in architecture(b.arch) from measi academy of architecture (2006-2011),chennai,india and masters in interior design from edinburgh college of art, university of edinburgh,scotland,united kingdom.
i have worked in this profession for 12 years up to very high quality of projects, clients and employers. i am very grateful towards this, as it has given me the chance to cover many different aspects and complexities one may come across. i am adaptable and flexible towards the different minds sets and cultures.    i have had the gratifying experience of having designed luxury residential, commercial, f&b and hotels. 
we blue dome provide the best services in interiors works to exceed our customer   s expectations and achieve the satisfaction of the best quality. our teams with over 10 years experience in the field are well trained and customer oriented to handle all kind of services required. blue dome value our customer   s time, the quality and the creativity. we aim to build long lasting relationships with blue dome   s clients through the best services and achievements.. impressed our customers with the innovative designs, creativity and perfect combination of customer   s style. we are capable to meet the requirements of verity of the interiors works, for residential and elegant commercial projects.,
i am crazy enough to think i can change the world,korapikavenus, a design professional with experience specializing in commercial projects. a passionate designer with excellent qualification skills in developing creative and functional design solutions. self motivated and constantly seeking challenges to develop innovative design ideas. having a deep knowledge of providing clients with practical yet aesthetically pleasing designs in order to meet their specific requirements. experienced in developing design brief, concept, construction documents and site representations. able to organize, prioritize and work best under pressure.,
i am a designer focusing on performance marketing and visual brand of blinkist. i am interested in finding design solutions within technical constraints that meet business goals. my work involves market research, documentation, gathering data and collaboration with crossfunctional teams    to create successful creatives on platforms such as facebook, instagram, uacs etc. in the past, i worked on branding, editorial projects and social media campaigns to create value for customers.,
my name is rami tawil, i'm visual artist from aleppo/sy.   i graduated in 2012 in art and design gaining a higher national diploma from btec  and visited several trainings in graphic design. i worked from 2013 to 2015 for cicero printing in beirut, lebanon.  my work there included the production of basic elements and units in the business field, like logos, business cards, editing of head and footnotes, newsletters, advertising, brochures, flyers, on- and offline ads. i have profound experiences in idea development and visual conception. i would consider myself a very creative person with a keen mind, sharp visions and strong communication skills. deadlines of clients always get the highest priority and their satisfaction is my main goal.  since 7 years i work as a professional photographer on a freelance base. my goal is to shoot special moments and edit less. i rather take the time and try to catch the best moment for the shot instead of editing with photoshop for hours.,
design driven innovation / strategy / cultural change.  i help my organization to deliver strategic innovation by tearing down its silos through a design-driven approach.  my work starts understanding people needs, then proceeds envisioning how people, technologies, business and processes have to be interwoven to deliver outstanding customer and service experiences.  specialties   - strategic design - service innovation - service design - design sprints - design thinking - user experience - service management - illustration - graphic design - electronics and telecommunications,jovatsuni
a perceptive designer committed to solving complex business problems with simple human-centred design solutions. delivered seamless web, app and in-store experiences leveraging innovation, skill, and learnings garnered from diverse projects across different markets. able to transform knowledge to impact across the design value chain, from ux design to implementation.,
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in interior . skilled in 3d max , rendering , autocad , microsoft word, adobe photoshop, leadership, and research. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in architecture from faculty of fine arts helwan university.    i have 6 years experience in interior and exterior design.  currently, i am based in dubai, and looking for a full time position
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. meeting clients and discussing project design and progress   research and study the project in a detailed manner   developing f,f &e and lighting   preparation of presentation board for interior design project   communicating with subcontractors and suppliers ensure that the delivery and execution of work on site is done to our specification   interior design projects included palaces high-end home , show villas , banks , community centers , restaurants , commercial showrooms , exhibitions , etc      skilled in sketching, drawing, adobe photoshop, interior design, and architecture , video graph y  . strong arts and design professional graduated from applied university of khartoum.
experience designer with hands-on working experience in all parts of software development life cycle     with an emphasis on design thinking, agile development, and refinement. he has lived and worked in san francisco bay area for more than a decade, majority of his career. he   s worked with startups in san francisco, istanbul, and buenos aires before moving to berlin.
i   m an american/lebanese creative designer who is self-motivated, self-sufficient and comes to you with a strong  background in both print and digital media. i have over 5 years of experience with design software, including illustrator, indesign, photoshop, premiere, and after effects.  i have worked with clients such as meraas ( roxy cinemas, laguna waterpark, mattel play! town, the green planet and splash pad), hasbro ( play doh, transformers and nerf), almed retail (un dimanche a paris), iffco, & others.
interior & architecture fit-out project manager,freelancer,interior designer .shantam is part of the gensler workplace studio that focuses on projects for the top global technology firms including facebook, intuit, visa & accenture. shantam brings his unique experiences and learnings from his multi-cultural background to create tailored spaces in local and international locations ranging from the bay area to dubai. in his role as technical designer, shantam brings a key balance between the technical side of projects, while always maintaining a cohesive design narrative. shantam is known to push design realization by utilizing technological tools such as virtual reality and augmented reality.,shantam96,
interior designer graduated from france, i am exploiting my creativity and my techniques in the design field.  having lived in the gulf for 14 years and europe for 10 years, i am fluently quadrilingual in arabic, french, english and spanish. my strengths include hardwork and being a team player with excellent communication skills, ability to multitask and work to strict deadlines. i  have the will, motivation, drive and passion to create and reach excellence.
experienced user experience designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in web design, cascading style sheets (css), html, user interface design, and adobe photoshop. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of engineering (b.e.) focused in computer software engineering from qazvin islamic azad univercity.
me, as a designer i work for people, their requirements their comfort with the trends of market
i am a creative and talented graphic designer with 9years experience in designs and deep interest in video editing , photography and social media designs .at the same time i am a student who has been researching the current marketing trends.     i am trying to make a unique design. i worked with marketing in construction field,advertising, e commerce ,and freelance designs. i am able to work with any field with this experiences.     since 2017 i am working as a senior graphic designer in marketing department for a landscaping company in dubai. i am staying with my family in sharjah   currently i am looking for a new job in dubai 
passionate about human beings and driven by innovation. i love a good challenge, new learnings and motivating those around me. i discovered the technology industry at the british school of creative arts in s  o paulo at the beginning of 2018, and started designing digital products ever since.  i have a multidisciplinary and self-taught profile, and believe that my greatest qualities are the ability to adapt to give my best in any adversity and to captivate people to achieve common goals with me.  today, i see design as a tool for social transformation and i feel grateful to be useful in people's lives, directly or indirectly, proposing solutions for a society as a whole.
i'm an engineering student with a passion for wearable technology, interaction design and traveling who enjoys food and art and is fueled by new experiences.,
i am a ui/ux designer based in dubai. i design mobile apps, web, wearables i am always looking for projects that innovates my mind & challenges my skills. 
open innovation     design thinking     digital transformation     human centred design,lego group
turnkey interior fit out solutions   for offices, showrooms, shops, restaurants etc. this includes space planning, design and project management. expertise in developing walk thru, 3d & 2d visuals. proven track records in completion of prestigious projects with finesse.,riazali
experienced develepment engineer with a demonstrated history of working in a  camponents maufacturing. skilled in production control and monitoring, planning, data synchronising, product development, problem analysis, process control, and erp software. strong operations professional with a bachelor's degree focused in mechanical engineering..,
architect and creative interior designer brings vision to life with over 3 years of experience specializing in working with residential and commercial projects.     organised and efficient, designer works closely with clients to achieve masterful results, capitalising on space, materials and interior architecture.     worked in architecture, interior design, 3d architectural visualization, supervision of implementation and finishing works on site.     graduated 2016, in environmental architectural engineering.  computer skills       autodesk ( autocad and 3d studio max) (expert)      adobe (photoshop ) (expert)
a degree-qualified landscape architect and an experienced urban designer of 3 years, with an interest in the harmonious relationship between people, places and the environment within growing cities. as the number of people living in urban areas increase, it becomes more important to revolutionize and re-envision sustainable living,
aspiring social entrepreneur looking to crescendo the designing for impact movement. passionate about delightful experiences, genuine storytelling, and data-driven decisions. actively looking for new opportunities and connecting with like-minded folks! 
i am a product ui/ux designer with a degree in industrial design. with 5+ years of experience, i have lived and worked in germany, sweden, and taiwan where i worked in multidisciplinary teams for both medium-sized organizations and small startups.  in my role as a product designer, i designed several digital projects, ios & android apps, web applications, and responsive web designs. i have good knowledge of html and css, user experience design, interaction design, and user interface design. i value collaboration and am at my best when i   m part of a team.  i have a passion for detail and care for great usability and aesthetics. i love making beautiful visuals but it   s not what drives me. what drives me is delivering great experiences and solving problems. i have empathy for customer needs, but can also consider technical constraints and business goals.  technical skills  - figma, sketch, zeplin, invision, invision studio
principal product designer currently leading the design system team for the k  rber group. former  graphic  designer. took  the  leap towards ui and ux design late 2010. worked  in  lisbon and  barcelona,  before  moving to  berlin to  specialize in web and mobile products.  smart and humorous expects only the best performance from herself and those around her and has a  profound need to be encircled with motivated people. not afraid to take criticisms, she considers them a crucial cogwheel for personal development.  specialties in no particular order  web and mobile apps, interaction design, user interface, product design, prototyping, user experience, mentoring, leadership.,dvosk
i have five of years of print experience. i am confident that my combination of practical work experience and solid educational experience has prepared me for making an immediate contribution i understand the level of professionalism and communication required for long-term success in the field. my background and professional approach to business will provide your office with a highly productive graphic designer ,design lab,freelance graphic designer
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in multimedia, adobe illustrator, after effects and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree in graphic design and multimedia focused in graphic design from the university of sharjah.
i am a dedicated data-enthusiast product designer based in berlin. aside from having a strong educational background in design, i have gained significant work experience in civic and social organization, art and culture, and academia.   having worked in diverse non-profit environments, i am used to training and mediating different interest groups for the common goal. i have adopted patience and empathy that help me now especially when dealing with diverse stakeholders.  i have an aptitude for setting solid goals and quickly getting familiar with new digital design challenges. i truly enjoy working with creative people, sharing ideas, and getting inspired by each other which in my experience can deliver truly outstanding results.   additionally, i have recently joined a vocational training to hone my digital skills. my final project created with a fellow was voted by the public as the best in the ux/ui category, where we presented +200 people.
wave properties,it administrator | web & graphic designer | digital marketing,experienced lighting designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. strong operations professional skilled in relux, autocad, landscape lighting, sketchup, and electrical design.
a well presented, articulate and confident individual with a proven ability to provide exceptional customer service and ensure that customers leave with a lasting positive impression of their inquiries.   have an outgoing personality, good interpersonal skills and the ability to work in a multi-national team environment with confidence and minimal supervision. comfortable with working in a fast paced environment and able to build and maintain good relationships with work colleagues and customers through a genuine desire to understand their needs and support 
interior and furniture designer passionate to introduce original designs to every interior and any product i work on, i have good experience working on architectural, interior and furniture design projects, i am very skilled in 3d modeling techniques, visualizing the design and manufacturing of complex geometries using digital manufacturing techniques.
al jaber aluminium extrusions,facade designer,experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in page layout, adobe photoshop, branding, digital marketing, and design. strong arts and design professional with a master diploma in multimedia & animation focused in graphic design from mhr multimedia & animation.,
i am a designer and illustration artist based in berlin, germany. i have worked in award-winning advertising agencies and transformative digital agencies, freelanced for clients around the globe and illustrated for genuinely sustainable start-ups. as a traveler by nature i   m intrinsically curious about new adventures and discovering new ways to make an impact on human mobility and urban lifestyle innovations.
product designer with 10 years of experience. in my career i had the chance to work with a variety of tech startups and under various methodologies alongside engineers, pms and designers. i believe that good design is an outcome of a communicative and emphatic team culture.
passionate and inventive creator of things. award-winning multitalented designer with extensive experience in multimedia, advertising, and marketing. worked with globally respected brands including apple, nissan, infiniti, ferrero, and emirates. exceptional interpersonal skills  dynamic team player with well-developed written and verbal communication abilities.
design generalist, mentor, & indie maker. serially featured on google play and ios app store, including repeated app of the day features. conversion rate booster. design system fanatic. usability devotee.                       my journey isn't one dating back to some early point in childhood. if only i knew at that age that felt tips, sticky notes, and whiteboards could form the basis of a job     let alone one so fulfilling and meaningful. instead, it hinges on a few moments of revelation at the meeting of two unusual bedfellows  geography and design.  as my fellow geographers will know, geography closes no doors. it is open, expansive, and accommodating. it morphs to you, not you to it. through its spatial lens, i observed design in action     its power, its consequences, its good, its bad. to give but one example, my thesis set in areas as culturally diverse as they were financially deprived gave a first-hand account of how individuals often remained adrift of community life not as a result of self-imposition, but sub-optimal design. a troubling yet deeply motivating conclusion.  by graduation, my path had been mapped. it was to deviate from observing design to enacting it. that began with talented developer friends generously partnering with me on a series of indie apps. an immense learning curve ensued
passionate about product design and ux design. experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry. skilled in coreldraw, textiles, adobe photoshop, nedgraphics, sales management, and creative developement. strong arts and  design professional graduated from systems technology institute ( sti ).
i have great +6 years experience working with some of the biggest names worldwide like    google, syngenta, ubs    in vastly different areas and industries.   my process starts with implementing user research, matching the user needs with business requirements. building the right ideation/concepts for the user. implement visual designs and prototypes then test them with real users. also, i have great capabilities in matching the ux process with the agile environment.  i   m skilled in common design, prototype, interactions software e.g. (adobe creative suite, sketch app, axure, invision), furthermore i   m knowledgeable of capabilities and limitations of web and mobile technologies such as html, css, bootstrap, javascript & swift.,amryounes92,
germany,guido is a global partner at the strategic design consultancy manyone.  with 20+ years of experience at the intersection of strategy, design and technology, guido works with global brands to deliver sustainable experiences for their customers that translate into loyalty and business impact.  in the past, guido was head of experience design for lufthansa group, with the mission to firmly establish human-centric design as a strategic initiative within lufthansa group and to change the way how one of the world's largest airline groups creates future products, services and experiences for its more than 140 million guests.  prior to his role at lufthansa group, guido was the global cco of the strategic design group designit, as well as the founder of several design startups. he is an advisory board member as well as a frequent speaker at international events and conferences.
a multimedia design graduate from the american university of sharjah whom is interested in exploring multiple variations within her field. as the work varies from video art, animation, interface design, interactive narrative to photography in its both mediums, analog and digital. rawan has exhibited her video art work in festivals like, the 23rd of the international video art festival (fiav) in casablanca (maroc) and the 29th festival les instants video in marseille, france.,
hello!  i am an innovative graphic designer and a business management graduate who provides creative design services, such as  branding and identity design, illustrations, arabic calligraphy, video editing and motion graphics services.   being an enthusiastic, innovative autodidact, i am keen to collaboratively apply my visual problem-solving skills and acquired knowledge by selling a solution that's specific to various business needs, in order to enhance my industry knowledge and innovatively excel in the graphic design field, and thereby contribute towards the betterment of society. 
with international expertise on ux and product design. leading and building ux teams since 2012.   my 13 years experience as a designer has shaped me to become the critical thinker i am today.  i enjoy working with stakeholders to develop new or existing concepts while actively searching for the connections, patterns, and relationships underlying a problem. i go beyond just making things that look and feel good. i endeavor towards work that drives action, generates results, and strives for a change.,shiran_sanjeewa,
i create intuitive, well thought-through wireframes, and clean, modern interfaces. i use analytics and usability tests to prove my solutions work to increase conversion rates and meet business objectives.  in my work, i do my best to meet my clients' expectations and deadlines while focusing on user-centric design philosophy.,
i   m user experience and user interface designer, focused on creation enterprise solutions for web services and mobile applications which balance user needs with business goals and technical capabilities. loves everything that has to do with aesthetically beautiful, simple and usable design solutions.
over the last 2 years i have continuously strive to gain and improve my knowledge throughout all aspects of the website & graphics. i also went on to gain a basic understanding of  web design using the html,css & php and graphics designing using the adobe illustrator, adobe photo shop, corel draw & in design. i have used these tools to successfully create web pages, banners, ads and advertising materials. this has greatly improved my ability to create aesthetically pleasing user interfaces. my dedication to self-improvement in web/graphics design. has inspired me to study web at a university, where i hope to incorporate new ideas with my own knowledge in a practical and beneficial way, as well as to add work to a future portfolio. over the course of my designing, i have identified several areas in which i struggled and have decided, in order to make my transfer to university easier, to spend the next year focusing and developing my knowledge in those areas by researching and experimenting with new ideas to find a practice that is both practical and compliments my style.
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, after effects, adobe premiere, and cinema 4d and wordpress. strong arts and design professional graduated 
experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in web design, bootstrap, html, and project management. strong arts and design professional with a ba-sociology focused in information technology from co-operative arts & science college,mukkom.,
for over 5 years, i have been helping people design websites and brands as a full time freelancer. i enjoy designing websites for startups and entrepreneurs.  my key skills   wordpress, shopify, magento html5, css3, google adsense, google analytics, windows server, web programming skills, e-commerce, teamwork, cross-browser compatibility, adobe photoshop.,waheedpotter,
based in dubai-uae, i'm a creative designer  with exceptional collaborative and interpersonal skills with 1 and half years of experience in uae and around 5 years of experience in india. a dynamic team player with well developed written and verbal communication abilities. accustomed to performing in deadline driven environments with an emphasis on working within budget requirements.  previous experiences in ad agencies and mnc. specialise in creation of social media designs, websites (ui/ux), landing pages, banner ads, emailers, product packaging, flyers and content development alike,
a hard working person who can work as part of a team or individually using my own initiative. pro-active, enthusiastic and confident when approaching any task or challenge. not afraid to think outside the box and explore all options. high motived to achieve the best possible outcome. overall objective is to enhance my design skills and knowledge further and to use my skills to become an asset to the company.,endpoint.
contact information (for u.s only)  ,nickpulido496nikolas pulido - the brand designer,designer graphics designer for printing,(illustrator,correl draw photoshop)all kinds of 2d design making using autocad also have knowledge in autocad detailing .i had worked as a team leader both cnc and art department (cnc router,large format printing,vinyle plotting,laser with amazing skills.technical knowledge in acrylic structure and product displays making,also have experience in carpentry structure detailing with better knowledge in sketch up.can work under pressure and make it befor the deadline,
hello, this is rahat khan. i'm a graphic designer. i am completed my bachelor of fine arts and my major subject was graphic design, in 2013 university of development alternative, dhaka, bangladesh. i have work experience over 9 years in graphic design because i started my career when i am a university student, as a professional, i am willingly ready to do fulltime job and contractual job and besides this, right now i am studying in leadership in the creative industries in masters program in hochschule darmstadt university of applied sciences germany. 
i specialize in alias 3d surface design development.my core area of interest is transportation and product design.,heinekampdesign gmbh
experienced division manager with a demonstrated history of working in the retail industry. skilled in business process, requirements analysis, business process design, enterprise architecture, and customer relationship management (crm). strong consulting professional with a diplom focused in mathematik from universit  t rostock.,
experienced freelance motion designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in photography, adobe illustrator, after effects, graphic design, and motion graphics. strong arts and design professional graduated from essted.
graduated in 2014 from the department of architecture at cairo university, very interested in design also have a different interest and experience as an event planner that started while studying architecture, so that gave me the opportunity to develop my management skills. i always have the passion to learn and exploring new tools and techniques.  my career as an architect dealt with residential, commercial and mixed-use projects. then, my goal to be an interior design moved me to teach my self the interior design principles also the tools i`d need to do my first freelancer project that was based in uae .   after that i have moved to egypt for 10 months to start my professional career as interior designer where i have worked with a very talented team dealing with different projects.   now, i`m looking for an opportunity to express my skills, widening my horizon, working with a team to learn new techniques and workflows.,
project interior designer with an eye for details and a flair for concepts has many years experience in the uae and understands how interiors are constructed from a practical and logical stand point.  responsible for the co-ordination of design information between the design team and third parties and also the production and control of drawing / specification / 3d renders. studied fine arts major in interior design at the university of the east caloocan city, philippines.,gensler
experienced architect with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. skilled in autocad, revit, photoshop, and lumion. strong arts and design professional with a master of architecture (m.arch.) focused in architecture from islamic azad university.,
experienced interior architect with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. skilled in autocad, revit, sketching, prezi, and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in architecture from studied architecture at shoubra faculty of engineering,benha university.
an accomplished fashion designing expert with more than 10 years of insightful experience in developing various fashion collections for reputed brands, and teaching distinctive concepts of pattern drafting and dress making at a well-known college. a result-oriented, hard-working, and creative individual, recognized for proficiency in applying designing skills, fashion sense, and industry knowledge to conceptualize and realize highly innovative apparels. exploring challenging opportunities to mentor a team of designers with leading international fashion brands, in an effort to achieve organizational objectives.,
interior designer - architect on the client's side. currently managing the interiors of six flags dubai which is phase two of dubai parks and resorts.,dxb entertainments,senior designer
experience the perfect fit with tailored suits from diana style, select the design you like, text us your size with delivery address and get your suit in just 2 weeks.
my passion toward art came at a very young age. every artwork i create consists of my emotions, feelings and thoughts. i don   t only focus on one field in the art sector  i like to show a variety of skills and techniques throughout my works. as a designer i would like to introduce new art styles and technique and always aim to be unique in my profession. my inspiration usually comes from what is surrounding me specially the emirati culture and heritage. in my designs i usually focus on infusing both modern art and emirati culture resulting a sense of uniqueness to my designs. i am very much into typography and photography  i cherish immersing both the style together. slow shutter effect is my favorite photography styles. i love how it shows feelings, emotions and movement in each capture. now days i get recognized by my style which is the slow shutter black and white photography effect to many people, which i am pretty sure that it is a great start for my future career as a graphic designer.
a confident, competent and imaginative interior designer with extensive experience of working on a mixture of projects. having an excellent commercial approach to solving problems and a proven ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces, including structural alterations. an ambitious, creative and dedicated design professional eager to gain experience in a creative environment. now looking for a new and challenging position, one which will make best use of my existing creative skills and experience and also further my personal and professional development.
ood day  i`m very keen to expand my skill with a progressive company.  i have over 6 years of graphic designing experience and i can handle full campaigns and creative branding on my own.  currently working as a graphic designing advertising & and sign age in sharjha - uae.  visa status  employment visa    with best regards   
an award-winning qualified and confident art/fashion design teacher and a designer with the masters of art education and bachelor of design, able to establish rapport with pupil and convey information with clarity and enthusiasm. highly trained in a wide array of artistic medium. talent of instilling art appreciation and promoting creativity and open mildness. known for an interactive designing and teaching style that encourages student participation and enthusiasm while facilitating learning. view teaching and learning as a dynamic and interactive process.  professional synopsis     a dynamic, sincere & diligent professional with over 07 years of rich and extensive experience in learning & development, knowledge management, career counselling, people development, human resource and team management.      i have instruct diverse group of middle school students, and as a result, i have developed highly effective teaching techniques and instructional methods, which have allowed me to educate all styles of learners, and foster a fun and engaging learning environment that effectively teaches art appreciation, promote creativity, and encourages growing independence.     one of my greatest strength as an educator is meeting each students unique needs by developing a personal understanding of each one of them. i achieved this by seeing and assessing the students as individuals, and tailoring lesson plans to accommodate multiple intelligence's. .    
fashion designer having notable experience with abercrombie & fitch, billabong, m&s and next., projects  audi a3 2020 nf (interior)  audi prologue avant concept (interior) geneva, mar. 2015  audi q7 nf (interior) detroit, jan. 2015  audi prologue concept (interior) los angeles, nov. 2014  audi a2 concept (interior) iaa, sept. 2011
an architect / interior designer with a strong creative flair and a high degree of professional competence. i have 6 years of demonstrated skills and experience working with reputed architecture organizations in uae and egypt by being instrumental in the development of various residential, commercial, governmental and religious projects. i look forward to acquiring further skills and thrive with the organization by understanding and learning different aspects of architecture design, interior design, construction, and interior fit-out.,
i would like to be associated with a progressive organisation with can provide me a dynamic work-sphere to extract my skills and develop my knowledge at a professional level. i have the followings   -creativity and imagination -an eye for design, including colour, and good 3d awareness -the ability to visualise concepts and explain them to others -good drawing
strong in outdoor as well as in indoor lighting design.  specialities   outdoor   fa  ade, city beautification, landmark design, sport area, stadium lighting, street lighting, etc.  indoor   technical, shop design, retail, office lighting, decorative lighting, technodecorative lighting, conceptual lighting & more.,
inspired by details, driven by creativity and passionate about interiors.   main experience  2 years experience in residential design, working on design and build of individual villas and apartments in emirates hills/ dubai hills/ golden mile palm and etc. also worked on home renovation and fit-out of crucial circumstance villas,
more than 4 years of experience in developing and managing interior & architecture projects, delivering full interior design packages, preparing boqs, planning, 3d modelling, technical drawing, interactions and coordination between client   s needs as well as structure & mep consultants. site supervision, providing advice, preparing weekly reports, check technical drawings on site and ensure that all materials used and work performed are in accordance with the specifications.  currently live and work in uae, and i'm available for freelance work. please feel free to contact me for any opportunities.
experienced product designer with a background in graphic design currently working for hellofresh in berlin. i'm passionate about designing digital experiences that people love.   i previously worked at sapientrazorfish for over 2 years on ui/ux projects with global clients like clarins, taj hotels, marks, ascena and glaxosmithkline.   in my free time, i enjoy working on my motion design skills, illustrating and i   m always up for good game of tennis. 
a creative graphic designer with over 5 years of experience along with a strong academic background in graphic design. i have professional experience in brand identity, logo design, brochures, flyers, billboards, editorial design, image editing etc. i have the ability to provide highly creative design using adobe creative suite (photoshop and illustrator especially). i have experience and passion for photography and videography. proven graphic design skills backed by a strong portfolio.
ghosay interior - sr interior designer (aug 2018     feb 2019)  -work with interior design team to develop design solutions -research concepts and materials to support design team on technical issues   -work within timely schedules to coordinate the completion of tasks through to final project completion -conduct on-site observations and provide recommendations to help streamline ongoing design projects  fusion x - designs -junior interior designer (sept 2017     july 2018)   -work with interior design team to develop design solutions. -research concepts and materials to support design team on technical issues . -prepare and participate in client presentations,alayoubi technologies,lighting designer
i've started my career life as customer service representative and events    organizer in the planetarium science center, library of alexandria for about 2 years during college.  after graduation, i took a training in el tarek automotive as customer care executive for almost one year, following up with the clients, check their complains and concerns, helping them understand the automotive market, meet their needs and exceed their expectations.  after that, i   ve worked in an advertising agency for 3 years as graphic designer, using adobe photoshop, illustrator and indesign creating flyers, brochures, logos, branding, ad magazine and finalize it by deadline. then i worked as a freelancer graphic designer and photographer, online and through agencies in egypt.  after this i moved to vodafone international services     uk account in the same role for another year getting the best numbers for the team which made me floor support and team manager delegate.  then i moved to find a new challenge in dubai which i started my career there in studex as office manager and sales coordinator maintaining a regular flow of information between clients and the internal team in the medical field over the middle east and south africa along with managing the social media and creating the graphic designs for the magazine ads, banners, logos and flyers.  now i   m working as a graphic designer and clients relations in an import and export company in the medical equipment field.  arabic is my mother tongue and excellent in english novice in turkish
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. professional skilled in autocad, adobe photoshop, interior design, 3d studio max, and microsoft office.
business coordinator at neptune yachts.  experienced fashion designer with a demonstrated history of working in the apparel and fashion industry. im, by nature, curious about fashion as a form of art, which is a nonstop phase of evolution. my 3 years of studying fashion helped me understand customers image aspirations and create what they desire.  these small creations led to start my own brand astray by manal shaikh where we make what you desire. starting from basic designer casual wear to elegant and royal bridal wear for every culture
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, adobe photoshop, autocad architecture, space planning, and microsoft office. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture (b.arch.) focused in architecture from technological institute of the philippines.
i   m a designer passionate about changing things to the better for people.  i appreciate that design is a collaborative and iterative process. i balance business, strategy, and people to create products that feel natural, compelling, and that meet the requirements. being human-centric, i always strive to craft experiences that are accessible and easy to understand.     specialties  user experience design, design thinking, lean ux, user research & analysis, visual design, user interface design, interaction design, usability testing, information architecture.,
passionate, driven and with an eye for detail, it did not take long for justin to earn his place amongst the tribe and prove to be an integral part of the design family. justin   s all rounded approach and skillset ensures his continual growth within the design industry.,
specialties   ideation concept generation 3d visualization automotive design industrial design ,i have a firm grasp on what is needed for the future of fashion and will be a trendsetter when working for the right company. an extremely creative thinker with profound knowledge of what people prefer in terms of apparel and accessories, i am positive in my ability to make a valuable contribution,red tag
architect and photographer  yet,very fond of branding and product design.  i had the opportunity to work in several countries such as  ksa, egypt, uae and burundi which gave me the know-how of designing buildings that respond to their context and employ an innovative use of materials to achieve the final exceptional product.   i work equally in team oriented and self-directed environments, in addition to my experience and energy, at ehaf consulting engineers, i have leveraged my skills to meet and exceed expectations.  i can adapt myself to new and different situations, read the behavior of other people, compromise to reach agreement, and avoid and resolve conflict.   basically, i believe that good communication skills are some of the simplest, most essential and most useful tools for success.  i love art in all its types, photography is my passion, in which i can express my self and catch unique moments, i have that kind of passion towards branding and identities.
having previously worked for two worldwide luxury interior companies specialising in fitting out super yachts, private aircraft and luxury residencies, i now work in dubai as an interior designer for xbd collective- an award winning architectural and interior design company. i work closely with many of the worlds high end brands, building professional relationships and collaborating to produce bespoke interior solutions for our high-net worth 
i'm a product designer who's been building web and mobile products since 2012.  i believe that while technology has changed a lot, people haven   t. we     the people     remain curious, hungry for knowledge and, well, unpredictable. put together, curiosity, hunger and unpredictability make the perfect storm for innovation.  in a world where technology is there to serve people, and not the other way around, i   m one of those optimists who think there   s no better time to be alive. every day, new tech is created. every day, a designer is tasked with taking such tech and making it usable by and understandable for humans.  furthermore, i consider designers to have an increasingly important role in shaping the future not only by making complex technologies simple, but also by holding one another accountable for our design decisions both from a moral and human perspective.  good design, therefore, can't be only about beautiful pixels and smooth interactions. it   s about connecting with people and serving them with purposeful experiences. it   s about helping people do more with less. it   s about problem-solving. it   s about empathy, about understanding the people you   re designing for and going as far as feeling their pains, fears and frustrations as if they were your own.  and, yeah
experienced fashion designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in garment designing, graphic design, adobe photoshop, and illustrator. strong arts and design professional graduated from london metropolitan university.,
pinnacle interiors llc ,i am a service & ux designer currently based in munich, passionate about and specialised in using design as a problem solving tool through which we can shape better experiences for people in products and service systems.
i am a user experience  designer with 15 years experience in designing and delivering solutions for  media, architecture and enterprise businesses.  i am currently employed at sap providing ux architecture solutions for sap it.,
dynamic interior designer / 3d visualizer professional with three years and 9 months of work experience (project management, space planning, and computer-aided design). multi-site environment, identifying and meeting deadlines, developing customer relations. to utilize my skills & abilities in an environment that offers professional growth, where there is large customer interaction & promising to maintain the integrity of the organization through my ethically conscious personality,
my skills and capabilities are strongly in line with the requirements stated in your job description, making me believe that i would be a perfect fit for this role. during the last two years with my present employer, i have been successfully taking projects through from concept to completion. i possess excellent drawing and presentation skills, and am conversant with all key fields of interior designing.   as a good team player who is open to working in a fast paced environment with demanding deadlines, i can quickly create superb individual conceptual designs, work out costs and prepare estimates. on top of this i possess excellent communication skills and will be very comfortable liaising directly with clients.   as someone who is creative, technically minded and has great attention to detail, i can easily design, develop and deliver unique high end results. i am an expert at autocad, 3d modelling, photoshop, powerpoint, hand sketching, vectorworks, lighting and colour schemes. greater details of what i can offer and of my accomplishments can be found on my attached resume.,
creative graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in retail. skilled in photography, social media content, branding, web layout, retouching, motion graphics, video editing.  i love everything that has to do with design. my interest is for exploring unique forms of creativity for the fullfilment of both corporate and personal goals.,
experienced  architect/ interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, revit, adobe photoshop, autocad architecture, and construction drawings. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in architecture from middle east university - meu.
the first group,interior designer,web designer/developer experienced with various projects with many international clients in various countries.i have pro-active hands on work ethic and believe myself to be a well organised individual with a positive attitude and have a good problem solving ability adapting to situations as they arise.  i personally have experience delivering and managing outstanding strategically creative design and marketing solutions across a wide variety of media, from cutting-edge web and multimedia applications,design and building of websites.  i possess a strong programming and development extensive knowledge and hands on experience in leading clients and technical teams to deliver solutions across initial designing, prototype, programming, the e-business, application development and integration with legacy systems, consulting and corporate settings with user support achieving utilizing contemporary web and programming technologies.  definition and analysis of client requirements, document requirements (e.g. functional specifications, wire frame designing, technical design, user guides, & user training), architect, design, develop & test applications.  known for strength of facilitation and building relationships with peers, team members and customers.  services   - website development  - website designing,
designer with more than 9 yrs of experience   currently specialising with 3d design, exhibition and events, interior and architectural 3d imaging, branding guidelines, creative design, graphic arts, creative presentation, digital art, illustration,   expert skill on 3dsmax, autocad, photoshop, illustrator, after effects,
experienced men designer with a demonstrated history of working in the apparel and fashion industry. skilled in denims, denim washing, trend analysis, and textiles. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor in design (b.des) focused in fashion/apparel design from national institute of fashion technology.
i   m a principal product designer at intercom, where over the past six years i   ve helped the company grow from 40 to 600 people by doing hands-on product design work, managing and coaching other product designers, and helped establish a strong design culture.   i   ve also launched two side-projects  inboard     a mac app for organising your screenshots, and later     an ios and mac app for quick reminders.  i occasionally write on product design and running design teams
professionally an architect, designer and urban planner residing in the uae. experienced with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry, with architectural and planning knowledge in projects pertaining to commercial, educational, institutional, urban and residential built forms. i have also ventured into the domain of interior and graphic design. skilled in rhinoceros, autocad, sketchup, adobe creative suite, lumion and microsoft office.   i look to create, ideate and design with varied perspectives, prioritizing both microscopic and macroscopic results in a sustainable manner. a globe trotter, who seeks aesthetic and identity in all aspects and facets of the cityscapes i explore, having lived in india, nigeria, uae and france. i have always been interested in the cultural and environmental consonance and meaning that we derive from architectural structures, landscapes and urbanscapes that we are surrounded by.   i'm currently looking to exercise my professional capabilities
enthusiastic, professional, and executive interior designer with a proven track record of 3 and a half years experience in the field of interior design.
a successful entrepreneur and product designer based in berlin. deep experience in design, design thinking, prototyping and agile methodologies. for two decades ian has held professional creative positions at leading companies in ireland, germany & uk. his work has been enjoyed by millions around the world.  founder of formation - team productivity tool for workers in large workplaces. co-founder of fluid software and designer of saas tool fluidui.com - the world's first dedicated mobile app prototyping and wireframing tool at launch. fluid ui is today used by hundreds of thousands of ux designers from 120 countries around the world and is beloved by the world of education. notable customers include t-mobile, siemens, oracle and google.   a forward-thinking designer with a passion for all aspects of design. built on a background in industrial design and game design to craft unique design solutions. designs range from game design for consoles and mobile to interaction design for enterprise-scale geospatial systems. previously lectured and studied industrial design at institute of technology carlow and at university of ulster.   mentor to high potential startups through techstars accelerators, metro group, sap.io foundry with a focus on ai and ml startups as well as the sap venture studio intrapreneurship cohort - part of the 1 billion lives social good initiative.  i love what i do.,ianhannigan,
m.e. in illumination engineering with 5+ years of experience as a lighting designer. expert in led technology, energy management, architectural and technical lighting design for various indoor and outdoor applications with good knowledge of en and ies standards.
specialist in construction technologies, architectural design and project presentation,interior treasures qatar
an energetic and creative interior designer with quest for innovative ways to explore and challenge design solutions with environmental friendly approach. a passionate researcher with love for refined, vernacular and scandinavian styles in design. specialized in a wide range of projects with experience in new construction and renovation from pre-concept and briefing, to tender documentation across the uae. having worked with well-known 5 star hotel and hospital operators such as marriott, ritz carlton, avani, chedi, and king   s college, i have developed a strong skill set in modern and traditional fabrications. i have established a very organized approach in delivering projects which allows me to successfully manage and coordinate the design between the client, consultants and the studio production team, culminating in high quality projects.,
i'm a multitalented person with games as my life passion.   i focus my efforts on building strong creative teams with a high sense of ownership and collaboration. by working together and using methodical approaches, we can turn our ideas into games that our players love.  i've also been engaged in esports since 2001, fielding several different roles such as tournament organizer, onstage host, caster and coach.  main skills and knowledge * building strong teams * setting up frameworks for teams to succeed  * game design * programming * public speaking, panels, conferences * tournament organization * esports casting * coaching teams  expertise areas * ai * general gameplay * character progression  more info about me along with cv's can be found in my online portfolio - mejerwall.com
experienced senior interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. skilled in residential , commercial , retail interior and hospitality design,project execution  , auto cad architecture, interior architecture, space planning, and landscaping. strong arts and design professional with a diploma in interior & architecture designing .,
green oasis decoration,love what you do, and do what you love, the quote that always motivates me to accomplish my dream... hello there! i am tala and i am an interior designer who is always eager to learn and face a good challenge!
i am currently working in lincoln university of business and management. i worked in amazon development center, chennai  as a visual designer and in august faller artwork solutions, ernakulam as a graphic designer.    i completed my master's in graphic design from sacred heart college, kochi and bachelor's in animation and graphic design from st. joseph college of communication, changanaserry, kerala.,
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the glass, ceramics and concrete industry. skilled in adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, adobe xd, autocad, sketchup, blender, ceramic tile, art, digital marketing, and microsoft office. strong arts and design professional graduated from l.e. college
experienced product designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in mobile applications, web design and ios development. strong arts and design professional with a master of science - ms focused in industrial and product design from delft university of technology.
i am architect & interior designer graduated from cairo university department of architectural engineering in 2013 and i have pre-masters in environmental design in 2018.  i have 5 years    experience in the field of architectural engineering & interior design.in addition to experience in dubai .where i worked on projects such as villa reception, waredrops,vanities and kitchens.  i have 5 years    experience with software programs such as 3d max, revit, autocad, photoshop and lumion.
architecture | travel | photography,baituti llc,experienced interior architect with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry for more than 8 years. strong architect and interior design professional skilled in hospitality sector, residential , mixed-use, commercial , retail. with excellent skills in, and autocad, microsoft software adobe photoshop,indesign.,
experienced project designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry in hospitality, commercial, retail, and residential projects. skilled in concept development, design specifications, autocad, adobe indesign cc, and adobe photoshop. strong program and project management professional with a bachelor of arts (b.a.) focused in interior design from american university in dubai.,
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the interior design  & planning industry. skilled in furnishings, autocad, finish, sketching, and drawing. strong arts and design professional with a interior design bachelor   s degree focused in interior design from international university for science and technology.
professional experience of 11+ years as piping designer & draughtsman for oil & gas, refinery and petrochemical plants.,wood
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in conceptual design, autocad, sales, shop drawings, and lighting. strong arts and design professional with a master's degree focused in interior architecture from holy spirit university of kaslik - usek.
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, illustration, adobe photoshop, adobe indesign cc, and microsoft office. strong arts and design professional with a interior design focused in interior design from lebanese international university.,
proficient in autocad, sketchup - design conceptualization and interior staging - space planning and material management - utilization of interior finishes - customized art and crafts,irony home
i have completed bachelor degree of architecture at zarqa university . i believe that qualifications, my experience and skills will represent me an my solid academic opportunity of work at any qualified firm. i possess key strengths for succeeding in this work position stemming from my extensive concern in progressing in this field. i am ambitious, initiative, dynamic, and eager to learn new things. i strive to continual excellence and can provide new contributions and concepts to this work field. problem-solving skills ensure that every my attention to detail and excellent project i work on is done accurately and to the highest possible standard. i am comfortable working as part of a team but also have the ability to take an authoritative role when the situation arises. i have decent technical and computer skills with advanced knowledge of autocad 2d/3d, excellent experience 3ds max -vray, autodesk revit, post production photoshop cs, drawing sketches- free hand .
specialties  design and drafting of plant and equipment layouts, piping general arrangement drawings, pfd   s, p&id   s, pipeline alignment sheet, piping isometrics, bill of materials, 3d modeling of equipment and piping in pdms, modify existing drawing by raster ,offshore pipeline drawing, material take off (mto),preparation of piping material specification, hvac flow diagram, hvac layout and d&id drawings.  march 2005     2006 oct.   worked as mechanical /piping draughtsman with technp engineering company (manufactures of machinery & chemical and heavy structures and pipelines).  nov 2006     2007 june   worked as mechanical draughtsman with inco international fzco. dubai u.a.e  july 2007     march 2010  worked as a senior mechanical/piping draughtsman with   jayathe petrotech. cochin  (company based in abudabi, u.a.e)  april 2010     may 2012  worked as a mechanical designer with snc-lavalin., qatalum project. qatar  june 2012     april 2014  worked as a pipeline designer with tebodin, pdo & orpic projects. oman  may 2014 - nov 2015  worked  as a pipeline designer with snc-lavalin inc. uae (oil and gas division )  dec 2015 -  present.  working  as a pipeline designer with prastigh engineers & consultant pvt ltd.
my name is leeka mohammed abd alghany ,i obtained my interior design and furniture degree from helwan university , i am a creative and artistically-minded girl. designing is one of my greatest passions .i am seeking for a job opportunity in the interior and furniture designing , i have gathered experience in various fields through the last two years and during summer vacations and gap semesters and i am looking forward to using all the skills i have earned on my new job title 
experienced fashion designer                        with a demonstrated history of working in the apparel and fashion industry. working as a freelance designer. strong arts and design professional skilled in trend analysis, photography, dressmaking, microsoft word, and advertising.,hinaashh,
award winning designer, artist and university lecturer in the area of interaction design and interactive art. core discipline is the creation of interactive concepts for installations together with concepts for screen based applications and the development of their interface design.  8 years of design experience with main focus on ux and ui, creating interactive art since six years. exhibited among others at the aurora festival in dallas (usa), at the ars electronica in linz (at) and the 3d printshow in london (uk).,
design of innovation project frameworks based on the co-creation methodology  discover, design, deploy digital solutions - development of new formats, design tools and games to foster innovation programs in organizations   - facilitation of teams through the design process to ensure meaningful insights as well as breakthrough solutions - discovery and networking of opportunities for innovation projects - sensing of big picture and industrial tips (trends, imperatives, possibilities, solutions) as a roadmap for digitalization - design of discovery games to explore customer needs as a first dialog with a customer - concept development of digital solutions together with technical experts   research on design methodology and culture of innovation with the leading universities of the world  the stanford d.school, moscow state university, and the hpi-school of design thinking  completed innovation projects across the areas of design research, software design, creative facilitation, digital transformation  earned a master's degree in software engineering from the hasso-plattner-institute (germany)  executive program chief digital transformation officer at skolkovo,
experienced freelance graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the arts and crafts industry. skilled in graphics, graphic design, sketching, and fashion design. strong arts and design professional with a diploma focused in graphic design from campus g.,
extremely  creative  and  well  developed  fashion  design  professional  with  extensive  experience  in orchestrating  all  aspects  of  women   s  clothing  design  operations  while  demonstrating  attuned attention  to  detail  and  inventive  qualities.  astute  knowledge  of  children   s  clothing  lines  as  well. actively  pursuing  a  fashion  design  position  in  an  operational  environment  that  will  effectively utilize acquired artistic skills and abilities while demonstrating over 5 years of experience in the uk, europe, middle east, usa and indian market.
i believe that empathy, human-centered design, and co-creation can transform businesses, digital products, and services. i like to create the best possible user experience with lean and agile methods. i foster reinvention and change.
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning and interior design industry. skilled in autocad, computer-aided design (cad), indesign, photoshop, event management and design, revit, 3ds max and sustainable design. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of science degree focused in interior design.,
vahid angaji (arman)was born in tehran, and lived in tabriz.he educated from mathematician of physics and has been involved in graphic design since 2011. he founded the arman studio of tabriz in 2014 and entered the advertising and graphic art business. 
experienced senior interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the investment management industry. provide creative vision, development of brand definition, and experience principles. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of fine arts (b.f.a.) focused in interior design from american university in dubai.
passionate about improving people's lives through creative strategies and visualizations that add value to society,oliver agency,digital designer
i'm the proud founder of durelle design interiors. we started our venture on a personal level long before this by refurbishing our own property allowing us to sell at a profit. this is where our love for interior design began.    we spotted an opportunity in the real estate market to provide landlords advice on maximizing rental potential by suggesting furnishing ideas ensuring their properties stood out from the rest.     since then we have finally established our place in the interior design market.  we provide all services from interior design to custom made bespoke furniture in and around dubai. we offer a design service for people who don   t have the time or experience to take on this task themselves. you can choose from one of our popular designs ranges or a bespoke service that can be designed around you.,mdv_modedevie, durelle design,interior designer
architect | facade designer,aesg,facade designer,i'm a product and ux designer who has helped startups and established companies like      samsung     deutsche telekom     hubspot     and red bull   define and improve their digital products.  recently, i doubled the in-app purchases of a global 500 company by understanding user behavior and reducing the cognitive load of their app.   through implementing a new design system and improving existing ux patterns, i got another app featured, resulting in 10m+ downloads and achieving a 4.7+ average user rating.   i also conceived and created augmented reality experiences, which increased the net promoter score and brand awareness.   thanks to my strong background in marketing, user testing, and behavior analysis, i can convey products' real unique selling proposition (usp) and value for their users.   i can also help the transition to monetizing through subscription.   i'm fascinated by what influences our feelings, creativity, and decisions.   i love the typical agile product design and design thinking methodology when leading teams of designers.  with my strong product strategy background, i can design for growth, retention, and conversion.    i enjoy collaborating with teams from different industries on innovative products and technologies, traveling around the world, and helping their projects succeed.,adam_fard_,
my name is jessica, i am brazilian and graduated in product design at the university la salle in brazil. i also studied a year at the university of bologna, in the course cultures and techniques of fashion. my professional experiences relate to the role of fashion designer in different companies where i could build a solid knowledge of product development.  i am actively looking for new professional opportunities that will allow me to explore my creativity
digital design is like painting, except the paint never dries.,throughout my long career as a graphic designer, i have been able to create multiple advertising materials including posters, leaflets, press advertisements, outdoor and lamppost advertisements, gondolas, shelf talkers, danglers, tent cards and many more.  i have been also able to adapt different layouts and was responsible of their arabization (from english to arabic and vice versa).  furthermore, i have a large experience in creating arabic scripts from english logos, and also in designing, drawing and supervising all kinds of packaging process.  i have worked before on resizing layouts to a variety of sizes and finalizing layouts to the production stage too.,
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, photography, graphics, microsoft word, and adobe creative suite. strong arts and design professional with a master of arts (ma) focused in interior design from naba _ nuova accademia di belle arti milano.
product designer with a special place in heart for understanding human behaviours.,a product designer skilled in both ui & ux, idea generation, information architecture, wire-framing/prototyping, strategy, and user research.  open to freelance opportunities for both remotely and within the uae. i have previously freelanced with a wide range of industries & have experience in creating user journeys and products for many different areas and i worked with clients across the world.
i am a berlin-based senior ui/ux designer with 7-year of experience working with digital products. experienced in user-centred thinking & interaction design, heuristics of usability, research for mvp & usp, competitor analysis, usability analysis & user personas, information architecture, ux writing, semantics & search engine optimisation, prototyping, wireframing, user flows & a/b testing, ui design & design systems, branding & art direction.  i design apps, web apps, software. i experiment and learn about emerging technologies such as vr, ar, ai. i tend to combine design
a professional interior designer with an excellent track record in hospitality design, coordination and development operations for major construction projects, having a an excellent commercial approach to solving problems and a proven ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces, including structural alterations.  an ambitious, creative and dedicated design professional eager to gain experience in a creative environment.
creative, graphic & social media spacialist, excellent understanding of how search engine optimization works, social media marketing, expending social media channels, twitter, facebook, youtube, instagram & linkedin etc. imaginative, proficiency on mac & pc design packages, management of creative work, drawing ability, motivating team, pitching creative ideas and concept, coordinates with clients and line manager, interpreting design brief, project and job estimation,       designing experience in conferences
i am a 3d artist focusing on interior and exterior designing and animation.,mcts,designer,account manager at boutiqaat with bsba in finance and msc in logistics and supply chain management graduate with academic honors.,r designs official,fashion designer
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in auto cad , 3d studio max, in design , illustrator , corel draw, and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional with a certificate focused in assistant in civil engineering from damascus university.,
provide guidance and assist sellers and buyers in marketing and purchasing property for the right price under the best terms determine clients    needs and financials abilities to propose solutions that suit them intermediate negotiation processes, consult clients on market conditions, prices, mortgages, legal requirements and related matters, ensuring a fair and honest dealing perform comparative market analysis to estimate properties    value display and market real property to possible buyers prepare necessary paperwork (contracts, leases, deeds, closing statements etc) manage property auctions or exchanges maintain and update listings of available properties cooperate with appraisers, escrow companies, lenders and home inspectors develop networks and cooperate with attorneys, mortgage lenders and contractors promote sales through advertisements, open houses and listing services remain knowledgeable about real estate markets and best practices
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in vector illustration, graphics direction, storyboarding, typography, and user interface design. strong design professional with a diploma focused in computer graphics, animation from arena multimedia.,
design mother hen at plana.earth, using creativity as a tool for change. focusing on branding, print & digital content. measure, reduce & offset your business carbon footprint whilst creating an employee culture of sustainability.,scarlettotoole
my name is ahamed shuckry. self confident is my pride. can do attitude is my strength. i can make a company unknown to well known. my colleague call me company booster as my nick name. i am always craving for new opportunity.
i am a graphic designer with more than 4 years experience with advertising agencies. an innate sense of imaginative, i believe, is a god-given ability which few possess  i consider myself fortunate enough to be among such gifted individuals. a natural passion for art an admiration for all hues of the spectrum and an intricate understanding of aesthetics are gifts that i along with my family was born with.   the uniqueness of my caliber and aptitude which enables me to comprehend the necessities of brand growth and development can be accredited to the experiences i have acquired in the domains of    infographic design  website design  press advertisement  executional skills / outdoor branding  logo creation  brochure creation  brand activation idea development  corporate identity   along with the aforementioned abilities and experiences, i have always found it easy to learn new ideas, accept new challenges and progress with the optimism of success at heart. i prefer a fast-paced professional environment, meeting deadlines and taking charge of difficult situations have always come as easy endeavors to me.   for details regarding references and work i have done in the past, feel free to contact me at your convenience as i will look forward to your response.   best regards,  junaid javed  1. software skills      adobe photoshop     adobe illustrator     adobe indesign     coral draw  2. designing skills     social media posts.     digital banner     logo design     business card     letterhead     marketing materials     brochure design  3. i specialized in areas of creative design, image editing, jewellery editing, retouching &  product editing, retouching.
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in trend analysis, retail, fashion illustration, textiles, and apparel. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor in textile design focused in apparel and textile manufacture from national institute of fashion technology.
i am the person who looks to the future and try to make a big change in my country. my objective is to add value to what ever work i enjoy doing,mashreq bank,assistant relationship manager
duties and responsibilities   responsible for over-all administration and maintenance of cadworx specifications for all projects.  responsible for assessing and updating software of all systems requiring cadworx that assists design team through design and layout activities on projects.  using cadworx and autocad in all aspects of the design and layout of skid packages. this has include equipment layout, piping layout, general arrangement drawings, piping isometrics, and structural detail drawings. evaluate the scope of work using p&id's and specifications to design piping systems with plant design standards.  piping specific activities and deliverables   study (plant or piping layout). piping key plan. piping     general arrangement (above ground). piping isometrics. steam tracing isometrics. stress sketches. pipe support details. line shoots. piping special items. piping material take off. bulk material take off. purchase specifications. construction packs. vessel nozzle orientation. vessel pipe support clip locations.  having good knowledge of industry standard drafting practices, mechanical aptitude and general knowledge of engineering.  works generally performed in an office environment, short term field assignments and work schedules include overtime hours.
extensive international work experience, with adaptive understanding of diverse cultural and business practices. to secure a successful product, i have the high-level scope of the pipelined process and the cross-market know-how to retain the users.
i take great pride in the designs and concepts. i create and i always strive to deliver an effective, focused and on-target product that fits my clients needs and goals. i strongly believe in giving memorable, systematic and professional customer service, allowing my clients to trust me and my work, so they are able to utilize my services in the future. i am enthusiastic, reliable, and a hard working designer who loves to work in a collaborative team environment as well as individually. i work well with clients and colleagues, and consider myself a strong communicator, presenter and listener. my career goals are to continue to learn and grow as a designer while exploiting my creativity, knowledge, education and people skills to benefit my employer.,
+5 years experience in automotive  - strong skills in c programming, autosar , iso26262 , misra c and automotive spice . - b.sc electrical engineering,
with 15+ years experience as a creative designer, i   ve provided impactful art visual touch points. with a strong focus in the digital background, i   ve had the chance to shape new ideas, trends, concepts and innovations.  i am well experienced in adobe creative cloud (photoshop cc, illustrator cc, indesign cc, xd cc, after effect cc, muse cc, adobe acrobat, adobe bridge cc) and have extensive knowledge of pre-press techniques as well as preparing artwork for digital media.  creative designs for luxury magazines like the rake (luxury fashion magazine), rake time (luxury fashion magazine), luxhabitat (luxury property magazine), la femme (luxury fashion magazine), revolution (luxury watch magazine), revolution supplement and the journal (newspaper), edgar (luxury lifestyle magazine), yachts middle east
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, adobe photoshop, microsoft powerpoint, space planning, and color schemes. strong arts and design professional graduated from ajman university of science and technology
a professional 3d artist, specialized in making interior and exterior designs, exhibition stands good hands on 3ds max,vray,autocad,photoshop, its been one and half year since i am working on these softwares. a big  plans come up with a small ideas.
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the furniture industry. skilled in autocad, microsoft word, computer-aided design (cad), irender, and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in interior design from heriot-watt university.
with 20 years of experience and a broad background, i see the bigger picture and align all the details accordingly to develop design solutions that support and delight people's lives and meet business goals. wrapping my synapses around really complex problems and solving human problems leveraging technology is where i thrive.  meaningful conversations and the desire and ability to enable true collaboration is at the heart of my approach to product design. passionate about enabling teams to improve their way of working, i promote a design process that is driven by user research, naturally aligned through collaborative design and validated by rapid and iterative learning.   i'm organising meetup.com/ux-design-rheinmain,manueldahm
i am a photographer, videographer, video editor,  designer & script writer, social media  artist.  i'm skilled at creating images that capture attention and make an impact on social media such as  facebook, instagram, youtube and pinterest. i am also skilled at estimating costs and developing a cost-effective budget for clients.  my confident approach and upbeat attitude reflect positively in all areas of my work.  * i have my own camera & lenses  
user experience designer/developer specialties  ux design, html, javascript, css , usability, mobile design,  specialties  3d artist (3d studio max), photoshop, illustrator, indesign, autocad,tasked with strategic and creative ideas to all advertising in all stages. handles the flow of art productions manually or computerized environment.,w dubai - the palm
i am a digital product designer who likes to create meaningful user experiences. i strive for simplicity, utility and consistency in my design, by following an iterative process   1. distilling user research into product requirements that are coherent with the business goals 2. creating wireframes and information architecture to conceptualize the product 3. a systems-based approach for ui design to keep a consistent visual vocabulary in the product 4. rapid prototyping to conduct usability (or a/b) testing to iterate and evolve the product further. 
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in 3d visualization, graphics, logo design, typography, and adobe creative suite. strong arts and design professional graduated from info prism
graphic designer of over 12 years of experience, moving and inspirational visuals are at the heart of my expertise. with a solid understanding of atl,btl, digital media and conceptual thinking, my passion for memorable and effective communications is what inspires me. in my personal experience, when it comes to making ads, it's only a problem if there's a solution - and in my personal belief, through good graphic design, there is always a solution to anything. finalizing artwork for jumeirah group, jumairah hotels and resorts, madinat jumairah, jumairah emirates towers, jumairah beach towers, jumairah living, jumairah zabeel saray, the meydan hotel,
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, budgeting, computer-aided design (cad), graphic design, and lighting. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in interior design and decoration from applied arts - art and design academy.
passionate architectural engineer, willing to do my best effort to enhance my career and place i work for. i am in love with design and 3ds program, it makes me do things that i will never think i can do it. interested in digital fabrication and using computer in architecture  i believe that    good things need passion, time and attendance
value creator. impact driven human-centred designer. connecting user needs and business outcomes. 3 years    experience of graphic and web design using adobe illustrator ,photoshop ,indesign and wordpress. 9-month training at microsoft company as app developer with certifications from the company. proven communication and presentation skills for both arabic and english.
i help people to untangle the complexity of digital transformation.  with engaging discovery and design methods, i help teams to find the    true north    for their digitalisation programs & projects. in times of change, i help to turn people across disciplines and hierarchies into powerful teams and support them in finding the right direction.  i see my role as the    sherpa    within client teams.  a sherpa cannot climb to the top for people. a sherpa will lift the heavy weight, plan the journey and guide the team from basecamp to basecamp. a sherpa will share experience and expertise to make people better climbers along the 
i strive to become part of your team, to create or enhance your corporate image, with maximum impact on any media platform.  i guarantee informative, striking and functional tools to promote business. infinite media works hard to combine marketing talent, exceptional design and technology with outstanding customer service to build long-term partnerships.  i   m a person who just about making something look good though     usability is at the core of the work i produce.and each design project i undertake follows the same steps to ensure success. design isn   t just a job, it   s something i love to do.
a web, ui/ux and identity designer with over 10 years of work experience. he specializes on digital ui/ux and branding solutions.
i am a concept designer and 3d production artist, i enjoy scifi design with a passion for far future technology to the design of real world objects.    working in games as an environment artist/designer, as well as a generalist for microsoft has given me a wide variety of experience in many aspects of the production process.
ambition,aleamar engineering consultants,architect and interior designer,4th dimensions deocn co. was found by a group of professionals who understand the need for individuality and specialization of each aspect of our living, working, and recreation environments.  4th dd is seeking to develop an efficient and economically sound business, while building up a reputation for quality, and on time completion of turn key contracts.  the philosophy of 4th dd is geared toward providing the client with a flexible tailor-made service suitable for each and every individual project.  the company believes that positive attitude and good coordination between the different departments and safe working environment are essential elements in meeting the needs and expectations of our client on time and every time.  4th dd clearly recognize that expertise, creativity, cost control, and the regular monitoring of quality systems and procedures is the way to achieve complete client satisfaction.
web & graphics designer with 6+ years of experience in computer and information technology industry. looking for a challenging position with career enhancement opportunities in a reputable organization where my experience and hardworking attitude for application development will come in use and have an experience of designing solutions using different technologies.
enterprise software is in a transition period in the moment, reaching deeper into our daily lives than ever. i am working at sap to develop ways how people can benefit from the vast functionality too our systems to improve their professional as well as private lives.   i am working on strategic topics like the application of artificial intelligence to our business software where i want to make sure that we use this technology to make people stronger, more capable and provide them with the super powers they will need to solve the complex problems in the future.  the development of new business applications and design concepts to continuously improve and enhance the experience of people working day-in-day-out with our systems is my passion. i love exploring user needs and processes and see where they can be improved and best supported with the right design solution.   i have been investing a good part of my professional career at sap with scaling design into our company establishing a design process (design-led-development), running design reviews, publishing design guidelines (fiori design guidelines), running trainings and doing education sessions.   specialties  interaction design, design strategy, design process, design concepts, user interface design, design guidelines, innovation management, psychology in design.,
exterior designer ,experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the interior architecture & planning, specializing in hospitality design with knowledge and projects in residential and f&b design. skilled in autocad, adobe photoshop, microsoft office & revit. sara is a strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of fine arts (b.f.a.) focused in interior design from american university in dubai.
my goal in the design realm is to make users want to think, question, challenge, and enjoy. i like asking why, starting over, and poking holes in arguments. my role models are moniker design studio, george carlin, and hussein chalayan. i prefer my coffee with honey and my tea with milk. i don't believe in left brains or right brains just left brain and right brain ways of teaching.,rachelrosenson,
i am a multidisciplinary experienced designer with 5+ years of experience in user research, interaction design, design strategy & execution. i have worked across several domains such as business-to-business (b2b), healthcare, finance, emerging markets, hospitality & retail. also, i have experience working with physical products, wearables, mobiles & web interfaces & enterprise products.  in addition, to have worked on a complete end-to-end design cycle, i have also led the design phase of the projects.
decoart, a brand that breathes in style and reincarnates beauty with its unmatched legacy of over three decades, is a well-known luxury interior design house operating in dubai.  since its inception, decoart has ensured that they maintained an unquestionably solid position in the industry and continues to bloom by presenting the most elegant, sophisticated, intricate, unique and innovative custom furniture designs. standing strong on its pillars that go beyond impeccable interior planning to world-class collaborative decorating ideas, decoart has helped the brand propel to the realm of noticeable excellence.  its sophisticated mix of ideas brings forth an extreme dose of creativity to build a unique environment which creates an impactful and magnificent output. it strongly advocates the maintaining a fine balance between traditional aesthetic and modern interior design that intelligently aligns with the customer   s values and culture. their mastery of aesthetics can further be seen dovetailing with their long list of high-calibre clientele worldwide.  it is due to this efficiency, timeless designs, compelling concepts, and adept execution, the design house, holds unparalleled success today and is attributed of creating liveable household luxury masterpieces amongst all the posh lanes of dubai.  indeed, a seamless epitome of luxury living without sacrificing comfort and quality including balance and functionality.,
creative and multitalented graphic designer with extensive experience in promotional design, marketing, and print design. dynamic team player with well-developed written and verbal communication abilities. passionate and inventive creator of innovative marketing strategies and campaigns.,
experienced architect with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. skilled in autocad, revit, adobe photoshop, autocad architecture, and indesign. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture (b.arch.) focused in architecture and interior design from measi academy of architecture.,
i am a qualified interior designer with extensive experience working on commercial & residential interior across a number of disciplines. i take an innovative and versatile approach to design, providing highly creative solutions to a wide variety of projects. i have spent over 16 years working in the design & build industry, from which i have gained a high level of experience in the following    - developing the design of projects from initial design to completion of design and construction drawing as per project specifications and client requirement. - coordinating between different sectors   architectural, mep and structural drawings. - following up the work progress with contractor to ensure all construction activities are inline with the drawings. - utilizing photoshop and powerpoint presentation for preliminary design. - following the material approval status to assure the completion of the appropiate design. - keeping track of all the submittals and approvals.,
holding 2 years experience as interior/component/colour and trim  designer with a demonstrated history of working in the automotive industry .worked closely with iconiq motors resulted in the full interior design of muse showcar which unveiled at shanghai auto show 2019, and various interior components of  iconiq seven mpv showcar. skilled in photoshop rendering, product design, model making, and computer-aided design (cad). strong arts and design professional with a post-graduate diploma focused on transportation design from mit institute of design pune.
hey! i'm kat, a graphic designer from the philippines, currently based in dubai,uae. i've been in the creative industry for 10 years with more than 6+ years working experience.   experience in the field i think is my strongest point. everything that i know are from my resourcefulness and lessons that i've learned from my mentors. this knowledge was developed through practice and has evolved through time and experience. i have transitioned from traditional to digital, and digital to multimedia arts. i have dealt in projects individually and in groups, from small to big teams.  everyday is a new challenge and i am always open to learn new skills to improve my craft.,
i believe in a shared creative vision, wherein one can explore new ways of communication through forward-thinking. driven by curiosity, observation, experimentation, testing, failing and finally, learning - i believe in the pursuit of excellence and improvement.
i'm a designer working at kids creative agency in berlin. when i'm not being paid i design fiction that explores how we as a society engage with technology and social issues.      when i   m not doing that, i'm consuming audio stories, fixating on weird internet trends and producing questionably music.h
major achievements   - realization of competitive formula1 engine concept & design from clean sheet at toyota.   - good collaboration work with ferrari g.e.s at sauber engine department.   - ford works escort wrc engine components design at mountune.  - successful track test with team lotus at isuzu with very small budget and resources.   - first formula 1 engine components design back in 1987 at yamaha.  - wealthy and profound experience on racing engine design and development.
as a product designer at n26, i help the organisation to create mobile and web apps that empower users to live and bank their way.   from discovery to delivery, i make rational decisions based on quantitative and qualitative data and ensure that the company achieves business objectives with a holistic user journey in mind.    with empathy and an open communication style, i lead effective collaboration with pms, designers, and developers and manage critical discussions in a calm manner. this is reflected in the way how i seek and give feedback which enables me to grow above and beyond others' expectations.
swedish guy who spend the last years in germany as an interior designer.,my name is d  bora poussif. i'm originally from argentina, with italian dual nationality. i have lived in spain, czech republic and germany.  my native language is spanish, as second language english and in the process of learning german.   specialties  color & trim, material research, automotive interior design, trend research, moodboards, graphic design, colour and material concepts, material development for production.
interior designer skilled in autocad, visualization and adobe photoshop. focused in residential and office spaces interior and furniture design.
i am a ui-ux designer & full stack developer that thrives on delivering creative solutions based on a solid process and efficient conceptual thinking. i can handle all aspects of web projects from the planning phase through to design, development, and launch.  design specialties   user interface design, user experience design, web design, mobile application design, responsive design, prototyping, wireframing, information architecture, personas, card sorting, design strategy, atomic design, design systems.  dev specialties   front-end development, mvc design pattern, single page applications, databases, responsive design
#technology freak. internet nut. interested in the psyche. seeks   clat. wants to make difference.,self employed,user interface designer
i am a software engineer turned ux & ui designer with three years of experience in the industry. during these years, i have worked on several digital products, mobile and web, and communicated directly with clients from the us, uae and europe.,
i'm a freelance ux specialist focused on inclusivity, design ethics, and product .i am a long-term resident of dubai, holding a ba in interior design and fluent in 3 languages. for the past 2 years i have been working as an interior designer with design design l.l.c, a prominent interior architecture company based in dubai. through my tenure with the company i have worked on a variety of projects for some of the most notable regional organizations such as emirates nbd, ggico and abu dhabi sports tv.  prior to that, i garnered sales and marketing experience through my work with red bull, one of the world   s most forward-thinking brands. as a wings team member, i was responsible for promoting red bull at numerous extreme sports events across the uae, including red bull x-fighters, red bull car park drift and red bull king of rock.
experienced in planning, designing and coordinating the creation or renovation of spaces such as residential, commercial, cultural and industrial buildings/houses.  producing an interior that is personalised to the client   s taste and serves a functional and aestheric purpose. moreover, considering elements such as safety, traffic flow, comfort and style in the designs.  develop detailed plans and 3d models showing arrangement of walls, dividers, displays, lighting and other fixtures using computer-assisted design softwares, graphics software and hand drawing.  develop plans, elevations, cross sections and detailed drawings, and advise on selection of colours, finishes and materials, floor and wall coverings, window treatments, interior and exterior lighting, furniture and other items
emanuela helps companies empathise with their users when building (better) products based on efficient and practical design practices. emanuela fell in love with the web at a young age, and since then she has never stopped learning and pushing to understand and create better experiences for all. today she is a ux designer with mozilla, currently building a design system for firefox. in her spare time, she likes to watch kitten videos, and she never says no to a good cocktail.,brassy,
a dubai based interior designer, decorator and visual merchandising specialist with a bachelor degree of design & applied arts specialized in interior design with over than 12 years of experience in the industry. have the ability to transform spaces by bringing ideas and inspirations to life, developed a keen eye for creating awe-inspiring surroundings also adept in finding creative ways to help budget conscious clients design their dream spaces.   my mission is combining knowledge with aesthetic vision in order to work with clients and other design professionals to develop design solutions that are safe, functional, and attractive that meets the needs of the people using the space. understand artistic and technical requirements of a project, interpersonal communication and management strategies. bringing art, textures, lighting, furnishings and fixtures together in a way that make a home, office, business or public space more pleasing or functional with a fresh perspective that uniquely reflect the client   s personality and desirer. the result enables each individual   s style to emerge into a design that will inspire and promote his or her well being.   experienced in space planning both residential and commercial, design concept, manual sketches and computer aided drawings, choosing materials and a color scheme that bests suites the concept and preparing design reports, able to translate any style to satisfy the desires of an assortment of different clients.,
a graduate from symbiosis institute of design, determined to become a promising professional in the domain of graphic design. with well imbibed technical knowledge and skills coupled with prowess in both written and spoken communication. extremely passionate about creating innovative concepts and producing top notch visionary work. a team player with the ability to build and nurture effective working relationships.,apparel group
a confident, passionate and creative interior designer, who craves a challenge and who is not afraid to work outside the comfort zone. superb communication skills and i can build up rapport easily, open up clients, find out exactly what they need, and then present them with a wide range of services and solutions. i have ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces, including structural alterations.
i work for a legal firm by day and design logos by night. i am a product designer with a natural interest in psychology, who is fascinated by user interactions and how this influences the success of a digital product or service. from strategy, to user research, all the way to final designs and product launch, i love to be immersed in the ins and outs of creating thoughtful, human-centered design experiences.  i am always up for a chat over lunch or coffee so drop me a line       
web designer from croatia, but currently living in germany. i have experience in making web sites, logos, and other. i want to change my profession into ux designer. ux ist everything that i have ever looking for. currently finnished ux nanodegree course at udacity!
i am passionate about communicating people with latest technologies through good user experience. i enjoy turning complex problems into simple, beautiful and intuitive interface designs.   i have been involved in various projects in ui/ux designing for web and mobile applications for the past four years. i have designed a wide range of forward-thinking user interface programs, which have all improved user experience and this has aided my proficient knowledge in the process and responsibilities.
vicky has been driven by her devotion in design, be it architectural, graphic or web. this is what drives her to fulfill her goals and tackle obstacles on the path to be a successful designer. as a youngster, she has managed to educate herself on adobe photoshop, architectural scales and html coding without supervision and is extremely attentive to detail. she believes that it is when passion, creativity, determination and hard work shows in one   s design then only can they be referred to as a success.  attaining a btec/pearson assured diploma in interior design, she has accumulated the proper knowledge to enter the world of architectural design and contracting. being able to experience a firsthand approach on the process pushes her to work harder as an ff&e junior designer at greenline interiors, a well-known and well-established interior design fit-out company with a strong reputation in the field. presently, she has gained experience in the field of interior design  grasping the art of ff&e specifications, has solely handled projects with the senior architect and designer   s minimal supervision and more.  the process is what motivates her, eagerly tackling new challenges that come across her in and out of the workplace. she derives her energy and attitude from her passion and is able to learn and produce outputs efficiently and effectively. aside from her main responsibilities, she accepts tasks not within her scope to be able to educate herself in all methods of the field  pre-design, post-design, manufacturing etc.  eager and motivated to learn are some of the traits that can be said about vicky. she is diligent, inventive and will continue to pursue her goals to establish a concrete career as a designer in the industry of architecture and interior design.  vicky is open to freelancing opportunities with relation to interior design & graphic design as well as volunteering opportunities in the field of events management.,vckyabbygle
i am a young interior designer from south africa who loves all things beautiful and unique. i am passionate about what i do and love getting involved in the details of any project. taking a complex problem and finding a solution through functional yet aesthetically pleasing design concepts is something i really enjoy. my love for anything artistic came from birth and i just can   t get enough of designing extraordinary spaces that become reality.,bluehaus group & bluehaus engineering
experienced fashion designer with a demonstrated history of working in the apparel and fashion industry. skilled in trend analysis, microsoft excel, microsoft word, fashion illustration, and business development. strong arts and design professional graduated from sndt mumbai
graduated from architecture with distinction at the lebanese american university.   i have a passion for design and this is where i see the mix of content creation, videography, photography and architecture playing a role.   i am currently a digital designer working on a variety of projects and brands in the beauty and lifestyle, fmcg, healthcare and service industries.   colleagues and classmates know me as a highly creative and positive person. also, i am excellent at time management  this is where my organizational and consistency skills come in handy. i can adapt to any situation i am in. i love leaving an impact wherever i go, for that reason i am a volunteer for many of my work positions. i am truly passionate about my work and my field of study, and always eager to start new projects. i can work well alone, but i   m at my best collaborating with others.
hello, i am an argentinian graphic designer and illustrator with a deep artistic background.  i have a big passion to work with everything related to the visual world and to keep in track of the latest trends. my goal as a designer is to create an elegant and personalized visual narrative that expresses with accuracy and good aesthetic sense the concept of each project. i am eager to be challenged with new visual campaigns in order to grow and further improve my skills as a visual communicator.
i   m passionate about music, i really like to learn new things and challenges. i specialize in the area of user experience, with a focus on user centered design. i consider this fundamental and transversal in any type of work. i like to participate in the different stages of a project, from its conceptualization to development.,akod0
experienced menswear designer with a demonstrated history of working in the apparel and fashion industry. skilled in trend analysis, graphics, retail, and fashion illustration. strong arts and design professional with a b.design focused in apparel and textiles from national institute of fashion technology.
i am a ui/ux designer with a masters degree in visual communication. i have spent my professional career in the design industry. my past work has focused on customer interactions and design solutions.  i like to work closely with my team members, to ensure seamless web/mobile design experiences and the successful implementation of ui/ux best practices and principles across all  platforms.  skills - visual design - user experience design - user interface design - user interaction design - product design - animation - information architecture - prototyping and wireframing - innovation and processes via design thinking  - storytelling - usability and user research - developing and managing design systems that adapt and scale  when i'm not designing, i like to spend my time outdoors where i find the most inspiration. creativity and innovation drive me in both my personal and professional life.
enior ui/ux designer . caring about usability and solving problems , i enjoy expressing my ideas into usable designs that leave great experience to users . always looking for challenges and opportunities .
highly skilled graphic designer with a passion for media, art & professional creative solutions. loves art (no surprise) & inspired about how people   s creativity makes for a better world.
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in logo design, typography, adobe illustrator, concept development, and graphic design. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in multimedia design from raffles design, mumbai.,
ui/ux designer working in space industry  portfolio in progress creativity is a wild mind & a disciplined eye.web content specialist turned into a ux/ui designer. i have worked six years in website management and content creation, which has given me a good understanding of websites and their components. i believe that content strategy plays an important role in the user experience. it is my mission to bring intuitive and delightful experiences into digital products by putting the user   s needs in the centre of my work.   i have experience working in a fast-paced creative environment, increasing visitor engagement by more than 20% yearly. this, combined with my interest in behavioural studies, and qualitative research background make me a passionate designer.
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture and construction field. skilled in 3ds max, autocad, lumion, sketchup, microsoft word, and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional graduated al salama perintalmanna,
currently living and working in dubai, uae as a senior interior designer on healthcare projects. 7+ years of experience in healthcare, hospitality, and residential interior design. the portfolio includes over 30+ interior designs. proficiency in autocad, revit & adobe creative suite and demonstrated excellent communication, listening and teaching skills.,
experienced architect with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. skilled in autocad, sketchup (vray), photoshop, lumion, mixed-use, revit, comprehensive planning, and sustainable design. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture (b.arch.) focused in architecture design from national college of arts.,rameez_k_burki
professional highly qualified draftsman with a comprehensive understanding of design process and fabrication technical supporting .experienced with all stage of aluminum products _ curtain walls & structural glazing systems including research development and processing .having the ability to produce detailed technical specification for clients requirements.    experience in , glazing works, canopies, skylights, doors, windows,  #designer, fabricator, prepare shop drawing.  seeking a challenging position as draftsman with an organization that recognize professional with proven ability and dedication.
i am a ux designer with a background in computer science and business, an hci graduate and always excited about transforming user insights into genuine experiences that make our everyday much easier and pleasant.
enthusiastic and passionate executive with a very international profile. i have 9 years of professional experience in united arab emirates . i learned to multitask under tough environments. i focus and deliver. i am very adaptable to new places, cultures and teams. as a testimony, most colleagues and clients would at the end become close friends. and dedicated yet approachable. i am reliable yet humble.   workspace   commercial residential , corporate , personal properties , government sectors.
i'm a ux designer with a background in journalism, focused on conversation design. i'm passionate about communication and love examining the intersection between language and design.
american university of sharjah graduate with a bachelors in interior design and minor in design management.,ellington properties development llc,interior designer
creative  graphic designer with over 12 years experience in developing engaging and innovative digital and print designs for clients in broad range of industries. highly adept at visual strategy, layout development, branding, and print and new media advertising. demonstrated success working in collaborative environments and providing leadership to design teams to conceptualize and execute effective marketing collateral. seeking help clients achieve business development and business growth goals through forward-thinking graphic.
i   m an architect designer who had achieved remarkable projects in so many fields, as i believe that creative solutions are most exposing and easy-selling designs .  technically i'm well structured architect who spent a lot in learning and testing different software's applications in order to achieve highest quality, accuracy and speed .  over 5 years my experience is consisting of       architectural design     interior design     landscape design     events & exhibition design     product design  i had experience in fields of       engineering consultants      showroom retail specialized in materials and fixtures .     real estate developments      event management company  as interior designer, i had been through several types of projects       residential      offices & workspaces     hospitality     commercial     religious     educational  technical skills      autocad     3ds max      v-ray     revit architecture     adobe photoshop     adobe illustrator     adobe indesign     adobe premiere      microsoft excel     procreate [ipad],
a graduate of the faculty of commerce, alexandria university and university of poitiers. i discovered my passion for graphic design in my first year of college and decided to pursue my dreams to become a professional graphic designer. worked as a freelancer, since then. i studied and self-learned about graphic design, photography & videography. during the years, i specialised in graphic design, photography & videography.   thriving for more knowledge & challenges, i started handling big accounts and throughout the years i became more fond of client servicing. i love managing teams and working closely with them, art directing their outcome to always achieve and actually exceed clients    expectations and goals.,
a multi-disciplinary designer with more than eight years of solid experience in art direction and creative designing for a local and multi-national advertising company in india and the gulf region.   my work milieu and coursework have finely tuned my graphic and post-production capabilities, print business using high-end equipments and up-to-date softwares designed for graphic solutions.  i am a dynamic and results-oriented individual who is determined to add value to the organisation i work for, through exceptional knowledge and learning ability.
i have been working in web industry for the last 16 year. i worked closely with many offshore clients to create beautifully pixel perfect user interface. currently i am working on oracle & sharepoint user interface projects and providing my services for uae government companies from injazat data systems as senior visual designer.  my work received many web related awards in different national level university competitions. in addition, i gave many guest speaker sessions in different universities like, muhammad ali jinnah university, iqra university & different arena multimedia branches.  a blend of passion, talent, and success, i remain a humble artist     not every photograph is going to change the world, but the most significant are those that show how we all are connected.    in front of my lens, carpenters become kings and emperors become commoners, striking a resonating chord of humanity with each shot.,alinawazdnnseo,
over 10 years experience in fashion entrepreneurship independently and more then 3 years in cultural documentation in museums  and spical projects
actively seeking an appropriate opportunity that utilizes my experience, personal skills and education in order to contribute to the company   s progress and be able to enhance my professional skills and grow my career.
experienced interior design lecturer with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. skilled in curriculum development, sustainable design, fine art, and teamwork. strong arts and design professional with a master of science - ms focused in sustainable design of the built invironment from british university in dubai.,
i am a well-rounded digital designer with over 10 years of experience within online startups, business transformation, advertising, events and entertainment in the middle east, europe, and south america.   by utilizing my wide range of design skills, with a focus on ux/ui design and product design, i am delivering engaging and attractive user experiences for apps.  i have delivered design projects for major players globally and locally such as  virgin, deutsche bank, coca cola, barclays, careem and cafu.,gardraw
i am a ui/ux designer specialist, having 12+years of experience in information technology. i specialised in multimedia and graduated in bfa (bachelor of fine arts) and done post graduation in mva (masters of visual arts),   i have worked in 3 countries ( india, qatar and singapore),   i have worked for famous stakeholders like pegasus (pearson education), dsta (defence science & technology agency) - singapore, and mybook qatar - qatar  i   ve extensive experience in designing, prototyping, wire-framing and animation,   i always bring many different methods to create something original and effective in the professional world., i am looking out for challenging assignments to enhance my technical and functional competencies.
i m waleed ahmed a  passionate and results-oriented creative designer with significant experience working on innovative campaigns for prominent brands. i have a strong knowledge for arts and i possess a solid agency background in designing, retouching and conceptualization. i welcome challenges and i   m always keen to explore creative opportunities and pursue big ideas to develop integrated campaigns
boris bandyopadhyay  is a visionary and holistic german-indian designer living in frankfurt and berlin. he has a professional background in interior and furniture design as well as in design research. his design focuses on the impact of digitalisation on working and living environments and the new role of objects. his contributions in the field of ecodesign have been honoured with several awards. boris works on interior design projects for private and commercial customers with a distinct reputation in office design and the development of inspirational spaces.
experienced 3d artist with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in zbrush, microsoft word, translation, 2d software, and revit. strong operations professional graduated from indus valley.
i am a service designer with equal measures of  ux, strategy and visual. evolving as a designer, i've learnt two things  crafting customer journeys through every touch-point and getting it out into the world through a well-designed brand strategy.   my favourite things include hiking, fiction, custom typography and colours.  specialities  problem-solving, creativity, technology comprehension, prototyping, personas & user stories, affinity diagramming, interaction design, information architecture,  brand strategy, marcom, copywriting, corporate blogging.  philosophy  design makes everything possible.,pal_prakash
experienced in branding & advertising. i make designs for brochures, flyers, logos, business cards,,5 jahre berufserfahrung in client service, digitalisierung, product performance. initiativer und loyaler teamplayer, mit scharfem auge f  rs detail. halte die kundenorientierung f  r den hauptpunkt in der entwicklung von digitalen projekten.   berzeugt, dass erfolg des produktes direkt vom exzellenten service mit modernem technischem hintergrund abh  ngig ist und hat ein riesiges kommerzielles potenzial der digitalen welt.
a user experience designer, feeling happy while overcoming an obstacle to provide you the user with a satisfying experience.
during the past decade, i gained experience creating visual work for brands like ford, ikea, abudhabi crown prince court, dussur, jeeves, visa and many more companies, agencies or studios. i make awesome ux better with beautiful ui packages through research, brand identity design, facilitation, creative direction and other things visual.  looking out for continuous challenges that can squeeze out the best in me, for the organization and its clients, i work for thereby pushing my limits to the fullest and eventually, to become content with what i'm trying to achieve.,
   architect   project coordinator   3d modeler   detailer,interprogetti,interior designer ,experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working. skilled in logo design, branding, identity, advertising, adobe creative suite, and adobe indesign cc. strong arts and design professional graduated from a. s. college, srinagar.
experienced creative designer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in print production, adobe photoshop, branding, adobe illustrator, and mac. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in graphic designer from bharathidasan university.
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the creative and advertising industry. strong arts and design professional skilled in adobe creative suite and social media.
experienced fashion professional with a bachelor of design focused in fashion design from national institute of fashion technology,new delhi,india. skilled in trend analysis, retail,market research & analysis, fashion design . 
4+ years of working experience with international companies and clients in the ux/ui design field.  delivered 100+ projects in both the b2b and b2c world that generate real-world business results. my experience is shipping best in class products that drive business results, and delight customer's experience.   specialties  user research wireframe mockup prototyping style guide user flows sketches website design mobile app design software design usability testing user experience design (ued) user-centered design user interface design agile methodologies  #uxresearch #uxui #productdesign  #ui #userexperiencedesign #uxdesigner #designer,asdimalix9,
i am a welsh eyewear designer currently based in hamburg, germany. with 5 years industry knowledge, my designs have been worn by thousands of people.   i love to collaborate and to work with new teams. sales & commercial design is something i find crucial to any collection. i am business minded and can help to increase sales through design- this of course varies on the target customer and level of commerciality.   i design optical frames and sunglasses, for men's, women's & children collections.    previous companies and clients i have worked with    linda farrow  qvc amanda wakeley  specsavers  boots opticians  fielmanns opticians  orla kiely    skills  - thorough knowledge of eyewear product design with a specialism in sunglasses & well bevelled, high quality products    - expert knowledge of the adobe creative suite (photoshop,illustrator,premiere pro, muse, indesign)   - proficient in google sketchup, 3d rhino cad software & 3d printing,
having around 12 years of gcc experience in cad designer. work in various projects airport, dubai metro,qatar rail,dubai race course meydan and etc..  projects implemented -      nad al sheba race course, dubai, uae     dwc (dubai world center), dubai, uae     dubai metro project (green line), dubai, uae     palm jumeirah marina apartments, dubai, uae     ndia (new doha international airport), doha qatar     qatar rail project (lrt), doha qatar.  technical skills - diploma in civil draftsmanship diploma in auto-cad  (2d, 3d, mep, revit & 3d max) 
project management, design management, consulting... creative, feasible ideas and solutions... long term experience in product, automotive, graphics, web and interior design... experience in foreign operations (uae, asia, australia)... confidence in english business discussions... experience in team building and leadership... profound experience in start-up, strategic planning and management of a company... world wide network of strategic partners - as freelancer / project-based or full time worldwide
i am a strong design professional with a bachelor of architectural engineering (b.arch.) from university of sharjah. and an experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry. skilled in illustrator, photoshop, aftereffect, indesign, autocad, ecotect, lumion, sketchup, flow design, mass motion oasys, microsoft office, computer-aided design (cad), and revit.,
an ambitious designer desirous of making a name through overflowing fresh and exclusive ideas in the departments of illustration, branding, and advertising.
as a child, i believed there lived tiny human beings in my tv set. this fascination lead to learning more about what actually happens behind the screen. now you'll always find me editing a video, illustrating a new character or learning a new field in the media industry.  when i'm not working, i'm either working my muscles at the gym, or training myself in football. otherwise, i'm in my own little world of music, movies and books.  i love meeting new people and learning new things. so, feel free to say hello!  capabilities   adobe - photoshop, illustrator, indesign, premiere pro, aftereffects microsoft - office, powerpoint, excel final cut pro and logic pro videography and photography public speaking and debates  organisation and direction,
are you looking for a modern website, web applications or mobile applications to build an international standard for your business   webstring have the experience and technical skill how to build every kind of websites suitable for your business and offshore it consulting . as far as webstring is concerned we provide expert service in website development, seo, e-commerce, mobile app development and other it service . webstring doing more outsourcing projects
20 brands  40 famous clients all over the world  created more than 10 000 layouts  completed over 30 projects that were implemented in a final product     and it   s just numbers  conceptualizing and executing graphic design conceptions  high proficiency in photo-shoot and photo-retouching  excellent knowledge of design software  huge knowledge about printing, design thinking and management, present trends in design  and my strongest skill is that i do 
i am a result oriented graphic designer with grand knowledge of the industry from conventional to the modern day rhythm. i create result oriented, attention retaining visual concepts using computer software. i bring to life ideas that inspire, inform or captivate and lure audience to action.   during my time as a full time and and a freelance graphic designer, i have been able to work with over a dozen of clients on the creation of their brand identity, social media content-making, and campaign pitches that has given me the opportunity to learn how to work under pressure maintain discipline and to communicate excellently with clients to receive the best outcomes for their projects.   few of my core competences are to      generate ideas to portray concepts and advertise products      assist with all digital marketing campaigns for lead generation, social media and display advertising      maintain and build social media presence across all digital channels      refine images, fonts and layouts using graphic design softwares like ps and ai     apply typography techniques.     increase user friendliness in digital products     maintain brand consistency throughout all our marketing projects     liaise with marketing and design teams to ensure deadlines are met     stay up-to-date with industry developments and tools requirements     use the appropriate colours and layouts for each graphics      test graphic across various media      ensure final graphics and design layouts are visually appealing and on brand     strong aesthetic skills with the ability to combine various colors, fonts and layouts     ability to meet deadlines and collaborate with a team     attention to visual details
specialties  come up with creative idea in various kind of projects like residential,commercial and hospitality  autodusk 3ds max,v-ray ,  autocad, adobe aftereffects,  adobe photoshop,  adobe premiere,  art,  video
a multi-talent architect and musician raised in uae and has finished his studies in egypt with 3 years experience in architecture site engineer and 3 years in office field also a professional in photoshop, sketchup, lumion , revit, cad, twinmotion, 3ds max , adobe premiere & filmora (montage softwares)   looking for the best opportunities around my field  ..  being successful is easy but the hard part is maintaining success ,ahmedhanyemam
senior web designer & digital production manager working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in web designer, web, advertising, video,  & online media.   with 17+ years of professional experience, strong creative ability, and the technical skills needed for timeliness and pro   ciency in all areas of digital and print graphic design, web design, and web development.  i'm a creative thinker and i specialize in working together with a team to conceptualize ideas and strategize how to apply design to marketing and branding initiatives.  i'm looking for the opportunity to do what i love for a positive team who has a solid plan for success and understands the value and impact of excellent design for their brand.,mubeenmulla555,
specialties   experience design, user research, information architecture,  interaction design, user flows, screen flows, usability testing,  visual design,aleena0512
hello everyone, i am amna, a very ambitious and hardworking person, i allow nothing to bring me down and always encourage myself to move foreword. i am seeking to promote myself to the better, earning new experience, knowledge and techniques. i have an interest in volunteering work, since i was a child i dreamed about helping people and now i want to link my academic life of architecture with my goal dream of helping people or volunteering as general.,butyamna,
an experienced, talented & result-producing user interface (ui) and user experience (ux) expert having more than 6 years of extensive experience working on different projects in modern technologies, for major local and global clients. highly professional, result oriented and motivated to achieve organization   s bottom line.   multifaceted and highly skilled ui/ux professional, working for extensive smart user experience design (uxd), user interface design (uid) & interaction design (ixd) by focusing on requirement discovery and solution design in both an agile and waterfall environment.  with a strong knowledge base in desk, web and mobile technologies within the parameters of usability and accessibility, i thrive on developing and implementing business strategies geared towards keeping your business ahead of emerging market trends.  having experience in interacting with test participants ensures that meaningful insights and positive feedback can be drawn, to enable your business to develop technologies that suit your users and expand your client base.,
understanding textile design with formidable blends of fabrication in wearable fashion industry. potent skills in the field of art and design. a trained muppeteer by sesame street. capable of conceptualizing ideas from and inspiration to wearable costumes. irfan zahid is a creative individual with experience in textile and fashion industry. he has a strong business sense having talents to correctly and congruously turn ideas into profitable trade.
i am here to seek an opportunity in reputed company as fa  ade designer.  i am having an experience of almost 10 yrs in the curtain wall glazing design field.,zebian industries,facade designer
earned a diploma in advanced 3d modeling with a concentration in graphic, web & animation            earned a diploma in advertising and graphic designing at australian computer institute.  highly skilled in creating design concepts and implementation plans targeted towards retention        and attracting new clients for start-up and existing businesses.  designing ideas for brands and promotional designs, familiar with print preparation  strong hands-on familiarity with 3d studio max, adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator.  good academic and training background.  photography knowledge    though knowledge of the operating functions and the settings of digital slr camera.      familiar with the techniques of lights arrangements and focusing on the subject.      knowledge of flash photography equipments.      strong sense of visualization, background decorations and color combinations.      efficient in the task of developing and editing photographs creatively.,
i am a professional urdu journalist and teacher. i have 25 years of experience of journalism in different newspapers on every post( reporter, staff reporter, news editor, editor and even incharge of editorial board). i love urdu and my mother language punjabi as well.  i have urdr teaching experience as well in the educators and beaconhouse as an o level teacher. i m sure i can be an excellent part of any urdu project. my all work experience is belong to my hometown gujrat (punjab). i shifted in islamabad in 2012 and now a days i m working as a freelance writer and teacher.
experienced 3d artist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in maya, adobe photoshop, 3d modeling, adobe illustrator, and 3d. strong arts and design professional with a dafm    18 months diploma in 3d animation & film making focused in softwares   photoshop, aftereffects,basic film making, adobe premier pro, autodesk 3d max, maya  from maac    maya academy of advanced cinematics, mulund west 
i am a creative interior designer with two years    experience, focusing on producing innovative designs from clients    briefs.            my dedication to delivering high-quality work ensures, i exceed my clients    expectations.  i am inspired by classic designs. i enjoy bringing these classical influences up to date with a modern twist. i create spectacular interior spaces playing with colours, materials and textures. i am a multi-disciplined designer specializing in interior design.  i quit my day to create a new space. i work for a wide range of environment with preparing different design concept of each space, including plans, section, elevation, perspective and electrical drawing.  preparing furniture plans, and detailed drawing.  i find inspiration in anything and everything around me. with every project i seek new concepts, new techniques and new material to be always up to date and modernized.   technical skills       auto cad (proficient knowledge and experience)     3d max (3d modeling, texture, animation)     v-ray  (material, light, rendering)     adobe photo shop (photo manipulation editing, layout)     adobe illustrator (illustration layout)     adobe after effect (editing)     adobe acrobat reader     adobe light room (photo editing)   interior design skills       design concept      sketching     space planning     mood board     color theory      presentation skills     3d modeling     rendering     textile design     walk-through,
have a good knowledge of front-end html /css, html5/css3 coding, less, responsive website design using (bootstrap 2.0 bootstrap 3.0, media queries), css frameworks (960 grid, foundation, bootstrap), user experience, user interface, web & mobile app design, psd to wordpress conversion, psd to html conversion.
experienced fashion designer with a demonstrated history of working in the fishery industry. skilled in customer service, social media, management, social media blogging, and social media communications. strong arts and design professional with a nvq focused in nvq business adminstration from merton college.
a competent and creative interior designer with more than 12 year experience in construction that specializes in hospitality, residential and commercial projects with strong interpersonal skills to fulfill specific requirements for both team and individual tasks. has the ability to build strong relationships with all clients and to turn proposals into reality. especially successful in designer role that demand rigor, a high level of drive and dedication and a focus on delivering design outcomes through the use of methodologies.
an architecture graduate from the american university of sharjah looking to secure a career with challenging projects preferably in  sustainable design in organizations that requires an  enthusiastic, ambitious, well-motivated, creative individual with an eye for detail who is willing to work hard, learn fast and use initiative. i   m highly interested in gaining experience, developing my  potentials in architectural design and giving the best in me in return. i   m keen on working with an  architectural organization that is highly recognized and respected among others in the same field.,
interior designer , successful at listening to the needs of the client and collaborating on a creative vision, also eager to learn a diverse knowledge base of design styles and techniques.  i enjoy being challenged and working on projects that require me to work outside my comfort and knowledge set, as continuing to learn new methods and techniques are important to me and the success of my career .,
multidisciplinary design specialist  interaction designer, graphic artist, photographer, usability expert, enthusiast, investigator and crafty all-around solutions finder. more than 12 years design practice in mobile, desktop and web interface design.
experienced architect with a demonstrated history of working in architecture and graphic design field. skilled in autocad, adobe creatively  suite, 3dsmax, v-ray, corel and others.
a motivated and passionate cad designer with a proven ability to develop drawings, details & rendering life like walk through as well as having a solid understanding in 3d, contributing to art design concepts in relation to interior, models, landscaping and enhancing the    look and feel    of walk through rendering processes. total 9 years    of experience and mass professional knowledge in construction technology is the key for the success till this point. responsible for drafting transfer the information, and coordination with other department cad members. seeking a suitable position in a growth oriented organization that could provide a challenging opportunity for career development and a better future. to secure an entry level executive position in a leading business organization and enhance my knowledge and skill to further learn and understand the intricacies of the business, and have a challenging career in the field of computer aided designing / drafting. my ultimate career goals are to be in a highest position in the construction hierarchy. after obtaining the relevant professional qualification and all round experience, and to become a lead architect,
experience in creative design for usable user interface design, visualization and designing of websites which is visually appealing /usable, designing web based applications by applying theories of usability and principles of design and graphic design. has graduate degree in bachelor of science in visual communication and experience in visual design for web sites, application design, mobile platforms, print media and creative illustrations. she also has experience in ui design, web2.0 and in web site and graphics development tools such as adobe photoshop cs6, adobe flash cs5, adobe dreamweaver cs4 and autodesk 3d studio max, autodesk maya.
accomplished in vast spectre of design field with over two decades of experience. knowledgeable in online medium from market and user research, organisation of information architecture, conceptual design, definition of user experience, user interface design, through management of professional staff to delivery.  motivated and driven by project metrics and happy clients that proudly enjoy global presence of their brands.,sroown
design career in fashion, with a b.f.a. in fashion design.  while working for the may merchandising company, now macy's, anne was involved in many aspects of private label apparel design before transitioning to home store/textile product development.  she has completed various interior design projects, ranging from residential renovations, to new medical office build outs to commercial office remodels.    anne formalized her training and experience in interiors with an m.s. degree in interior architecture + design from drexel university in philadelphia.
a passionate and committed licensed interior designer with good project management and space planning seeking for a continuous learning workflow in a well-managed and creative environment to improve knowledge and gain solid experience for personal and professional growth.  - has idea in plantscaping design and floral arrangements. - computer literate in microsoft office  word, powerpoint, excel - has strong verbal and personal communication skills.  - self-motivated, competent and hardworking. - able to perform tasks orderly and responsibly with accuracy and attention to details. - person with good moral character. - passionate interior designer and a committed employee. - good team leader, handles project with quality control. - professionally reliable, determined and efficient. - creative and well organized in design approach/ strategies. - can adapt well at any environment and situation.
full cycle ux/ui product designer. has 7 years of experience as a product-based ux/ui designer,  multi-phased user experience (requirements gathering, ideation, research, design, and testing),  collaborating with developers, designers, and product managers/owners with agile methodology,  understanding of complex workflows designed to scale across diverse, global teams,  multiple successful product launches that drove meaningful impact to the business 1. certification from mckinsey 2. customer experience certification from the college of arts 3. masters in ui/ux designing   stack skills boot camp. tool expertise includes  sketch, invision, invision studio, principal, figma, jira, photshop, illustrator
highly skilled and motivated interior designer/ 3d visualizer  graduated with the highest gpa award. experienced in all aspects of residential/commercial interior design projects, including exhibition design, and tv studios design. concept development skills, problem-solving, space planning, detailed work, and excellent communication skills.
a visual savvy passionate about emerging technology and sustainability. focused on developing human-centered, aesthetically designed digital 
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the furniture industry. skilled in autocad, customer service, sketchup, submittals, and revit. strong arts and design professional with a course focused in 3d max modeling + vray from trixel studios.
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in autocad, customer service, strategic planning, sketchup, and people management. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of engineering (b.eng.) focused in interior design from ajman university of science and technology.
interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. skilled in autocad, v-ray,archicad artlantis studio, sketchup,twinmotion 3d rendering , revit and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional with a master of architecture (m.arch.) focused in architecture and interior design from university union nikola tesla.,
nagham is an architect and urban designer with an experience on several cross disciplinary projects in the uae and abroad. her career key strengths are seeking for higher responsibilities and providing exceptional contributions, learning and excelling at new technologies as needed, and striving for continued excellence.
experienced senior designer with a demonstrated history of working in both the luxury and sporting goods industry. skilled in trend analysis, fashion illustration, draping, art direction, and fashion design. strong arts and design professional with a master of arts (m.a.) focused in sustainability in fashion from esmod international school of art for fashion.,
graphic designer and versatile person with many interests. proactive and full of energy and enthusiasm. i do what i love. i like a good challenges and i am passionate to design.  familiar with development of brand strategies, principles of advertising  and promotion. skilled in logo design, branding & identity, packaging & posters, flyers, brochures and etc. create illustrations, work with photography, retouching and editing.
an ambitious, creative and dedicated interior design professional with diverse experience of working on mixture of projects. over time i have developed a keen eye to see the potential in defective/unattractive spaces and have a natural ability to create environments that harmonize with the natural surroundings giving a sense of beauty and structure. i have specialized software skills and can utilize these to design aesthetic and environmentally friendly living spaces. i am driven and determined to succeed and work well under pressure. devoted to achieving complete customer satisfaction within any given deadlines.,  paal interiors
interior designer with more than 10 years of experience. created over 100+ compelling designs for commercial and retail projects.,dutco interiors & joinery
a creative and driven professional, embracing the passion and challenges within the real estate industry. with 15 years    experience across middle east and asia, her expertise lies in interior design, ff&e, merchandising & styling, site execution and team leadership. with projects' vision in mind, she is goal-oriented and fully involved in every design phase, delivering solutions within time and financial aspect.  backed with a bachelor of architecture and a global exposure, she has gained experience with reputable firms in kuala lumpur, abu dhabi and currently in dubai - delivering a line of bespoke luxurious spaces, ranging from residential, commercial, hospitality and show units.
experienced freelance graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in communication, management, teamwork, adobe photoshop, and leadership. strong arts and design professional with a master's degree focused in master of arts in fine arts and design from philippine women's university.
senior interior designer, i poses good understanding & knowledge of professional interior design practice in mena region and latest market trends. my design capabilities and exposure to commercial, hospitality & f&b industries, gives me the right set of tools & qualities to drive best result within any given time frames and budgets. strong leadership & management qualities enables me to direct the design team for best results and oversee project flow of information, document submissions and successful execution of design strategy.,
graduated in computer science on s  o paulo university but with a wide variety of interests. mostly passionate by everything that is curious, very communicative and interested at different cultures and languages.   game designer with programming background, having worked on many different gaming genres, platforms and business models. focused on system design and also interested in game balancing, ux and player behaviors.  specialties  system design, prototyping, iterative and agile development, childish curiosity.,renato_watch,
as a child, galia brener spent most of her life searching for snow angels in canada. she moved to europe at the age of 22 to complete her master   s degree in communication design.  galia lived on 4 different continents and fluently speaks 5 languages. she founded her fashion startup secret pocket society   in 2010 and created the world   s first feminist handbag     the gbag.  as a public figure, she appears on her youtube show, television shows, in newspapers, magazines, testimonial for products and collaborates with major brands from all over the world - such as chopard, maserati, rtl, universal pictures, sofitel, dji, yahoo!, jean paul gaultier, lvmh, canon and more.  galia brener stands for luxury
interior & retail designer interior designer | retail designer | visual merchandiser | concept development   result-driven and creative interior design with 8 years of experience in coordinating all facets of design. skilled in, space planning, commercial, residential and hospitality spaces, visual merchandising and shop windows concept & design. computer-aided design, collaborating with all members of all trades and divisions to achieve design targets and expectations. instrumental in streamlining processes and reporting methods and implementing analytical solutions.,
experienced architect and master planner with a history of working in the engineering consulting industry. skilled in design and urban planning, communication, and cad oriented. strong professional with a bachelor of architecture (b.arch.) and is (leed ga certified) focused in urban planning.
senior interior architect, donna's professional experience includes the design of commercial projects such as retail, restaurants, hotels, corporate offices and residential. works on all aspects of the projects from concept stage through completion.  with 15+ years of experience in the field of architecture & interior design.  with the ability to handle all aspects of architectural and interior design projects, strong knowledge in detailings, and knowledge in project and design technical coordination of architectural output with structural, mep and civil/environmental engineering discipline. works as design manager for a variety of project types, participate during all phases of project delivery, develop project schedules, budgets and work plans.  interface with client, contractor, agencies, as well as engineering and specialty consultants.  able to manage  project teams, assign and monitor completion of tasks, coordinate and document preparation for projects and provide quality assurance via review of project documentation.  with an ff&e knowledge documentation. strong arts and design professional with a bs architecture focused in architecture from university of the assumption, philippines.,
a confident, competent and imaginative interior designer with extensive experience. having an excellent commercial approach to solving problems and a proven ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces. brings a diverse knowledge base of design styles and techniques. highly skilled at editing and organizing ideas to implement and support business objectives. desiring to utilize all skills to aid in the growth and development of company to get success.,kart group
experienced freelance graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in typography, cinema 4d, branding, graphic design, and user experience design. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in graphic design from yarmouk university.
i approach projects with curiosity, creativity and a desire to learn. as a ui/ux designer i use my fine art skills, background in the film industry and above all interest in people to design beautiful interfaces,  communicate ideas and  find  creative solutions.,
a fashion designer with a demonstrated history of working in the apparel & fashion industry. skilled in designing apparel and accessories, a design professional with a masters in fashion design.
interior designer with 7 years of experience. capable of managing projects throughout strategic methodology, starting from conceptual design to execution and completion. designed and budgeted residential and commercial projects, high-end villas and apartments. experienced in dealing with architects, other interior designers, developers, contractors, consultants, various suppliers as well as managing end clients directly. skilled in sourcing ff&e and id materials, finishes and fit-out products. capable of issuing detailed specification packages and documenting fit-out schedules. ready to discuss any opportunity that would add to my skills and experience.
senior ux consultant, author, content writer,oncatap, a dedicated and thorough instructional designer with a passion for developing interactive, hands-on and practical programs that deliver solid learning outcomes and ensure high learner engagement and outstanding retention of the material. flexible and agile, elizabeth is able to design a unique educational solution best suited to address the needs of our clients. elizabeth has a proven record of delivering outstanding results under pressure, with limited resources for projects bound by several constraints.
innovations-creativity-multitasking-leadings,sobha,produt designer/ interior designer ,stylish shades,tensile structure designer a creative interior designer with a strong background having  4 years of experience in space planning, computer-aided  design and  authority submission drawings seeking to taking  next career step with a respected design firm focused on creating world-class hospitality and living spaces. proven  success in leading multifunctional teams to achieve project  goals and achieving a high-degree of client satisfaction.
    12 years of uae experience in interior design and 6 years of philippine experience in interior design, coordination and technical aspect of the field.     proficient in autocad, adobe photoshop 7.0, 3dmax, coreldraw, indesign and other basic computer applications, freehand sketching, preparation of materials and sample boards.     demonstrated expertise in providing design for commercial, residential, office and restaurants     extensive work experience on site management and coordination     conceptual thinker, possessing high work ethics and standards     effective communications skills     interior design and styling photography skill
engineering office-the private office of hh sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum, ,graphic designer bachelor graduate class 2016. currently doing her masters in integrated design degree in hochshule anhalt. worked in different fields related to design. started with planning and conducting sessions and workshops about globalisation, culture and their relation to design in india and china. then worked in the corporate sector and the governmental sector in egypt. graduated from the german university in cairo with the last semester spent in berlin. moreover, 3 years of working experience in the gaming and e-sports industry. as well as, being an active you-tuber and lifestyle blogger with +100k subscribers, over 2m channel views, and +10 brand partnerships.,
experienced freelance interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the health wellness and fitness industry. skilled in autocad, furniture, adobe photoshop, microsoft office, and interior architecture. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of arts - ba focused in interior architecture from university of sharjah.
i love working for a reputable mnc company to develop my career path in the architectural lighting industry. also, i could offer my architectural skills and talent with mixed of creativity and enthusiasm.  specialties  i have 6 years of experience  in the field of my profession as an architectural  lighting designer and gained several vital expertises in different work experience as far as my job description is concerned.
my name is john peter working as kitchen designer at m.a.h.y khoory co & llc ( khoory kitchens) . i am passionate about finding creative solutions and producing captivating arrangements. i understand that good designs are a key part of every structure, and i shall strive to make each design functional, safe, and appealing.  specialist in autocad, carat , winner, 3d home architect,
a confident, competent and imaginative interior designer with five years    experience of working on a mixture of projects. have an extensive  knowledge  &  experience  in  autocad,  3d  max,  ...etc and an excellent commercial approach to solving problems and a proven ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces, including structural alterations.  an ambitious, creative and dedicated design professional eager to gain experience in a creative environment. now looking for a new and challenging position, one which will make best use of my existing creative skills and experience and also further my personal and professional development.
i am an interaction designer with professional experience in ui design, graphics design and front-end development. additionally, i have on hand experience with several designing software like sketch, axure rp, adobe xd, balsamiq 3, coral draw, photoshop, illustrator, after effects, adobe premiere, sketch.,vaisakhus
a designer by trade, entrepreneur by chance and connecter by nature.   - designer - i'm a multidisciplinary designer with 10 years of experience in branding, strategy, user experience and product design. i work with companies to help them solve problems through design thinking and strategy consulting, as well as startups to help them build powerful, lasting brands that resonate with their customers.   - founder - i'm the founder and ceo of this toothbrush, a company that revives an ancient, natural toothbrush called the miswak through innovative products and packaging. what started off as a student project has turned into a growing business based out of dubai, with customers from all over the globe.   - connecter -  i've always had a passion for community building and connecting people to one another, something i do naturally in my day-to-day life. i'm a founding member and creative director of afikra, an initiative that fosters curiosity around arab history and culture through monthly events around the world. i'm also an active member of the sandbox network, a global community of makers and doers. for the last year or so, i've been dabbling with the idea of building a strong, meaningful community of inspiring women in the middle east, called home.    most recently, i joined at  lye to take on a role that is right at the intersection of my three passion areas  design, entrepreneurship and community. with the support of an amazing team in istanbul, i'm leading the launch of the second at  lye creative hub here in dubai     a space and community that supports regional creatives through impactful work, meaningful content and deep connection.  i love meeting and collaborating with people who are passionate about what they do
i am a creative multitasker. fashion designer by trade. i possess strong academic skills and excellent technical ability in adobe suite, illustration, print design, sewing and pattern cutting. i have a genuine commitment to continuous improvement and exceeding quality standards.   my aim is to progress in fashion and costume design by challenging myself with new creative ideas and new projects. excitement for constantly learning new things makes me appreciate how much there is to observe.     tell me and i forget, teach me and i may remember, involve me and i learn.         benjamin franklin,
highly motivated architect with over 4 years' experience in architectural design seeking a full-time position in an architecture firm with conducive learning environment. i have high experience in architectural design, interior design, working drawings, 3d presentation, mep & structure coordination in large projects including hospitals, offices & sports clubs.,
experienced technical lead with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in python, requirements analysis, c++, javascript, devops, aws and databases. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology (b.tech.) focused in information technology from guru gobind singh indraprastha university.
software engineer with 2+ years of experience to build interactive and user-centered website. proven ability to leverage full-stack knowledge and experience in design, development & maintenance of php web applications. open to learn new skills and adaptable to change.,jld international it solutions llc
i   m a creative graphics designer, with years of experience, providing integrated communication solutions, designing with high quality professional graphic & advertising materials to my clients, i   m a one source for all your company   s marketing requirement..
a lifelong student of design looking to augment my education in design through mutual collaboration with industry experts.,soelbhowmick,
sabine assaf is a graduate from the american university in dubai holding a bachelor of fine art degree in visual communication, majoring in advertising. sabine is specialized in creative conception, generating imc campaigns from ads to digital executions. sabine assaf was born in beirut, lebanon in 1992 on a special date that comes once every four years, the 29th of february. despite sabine   s attachment to her country, sabine benefited greatly from growing up in the city of life  dubai. this ever-changing city allowed her to adapt to new environments and associate with people from different cultures and backgrounds. sabine finds special interest in package design, the last point of contact with the consumer.
i   m a designer with a strong background about ux & interaction design for interfaces, product design and technology understanding.  i aim to create technological devices and systems which are integrated with people   s daily life. i apply a user-centered and hands-on design approach. i start by getting insights from user interviews and field research. then i create concepts selecting the more appropriate state-of-the-art technology. successively, i make interactive prototypes (physical and digital, via sketch, invision, arduino, processing) to validate my concepts with users. i enjoy working with multidisciplinary teams (e.g., researchers, designers, and developers). lately, i have been focusing on ux for iot and connected systems (smart home devices and systems. e.g. philips hue) but i am eager to accept new challenges in different industry sectors.,
education  b.e.mechanical currently working at worleyparson qatar worked with techint india pvt ltd in sp3d piping  worked with worleyparsons(wll) qatar as a sr piping designer/checker, sm3d, for moq's brown field  modification jobs.also carry site survey jobs.  previous worked with  rolta india ltd., mumbai as piping engineer b.k. birla groups - century rayon ltd., kalyan, thane as mechanical maint.engineer.
i'm passionate about product design   i believe that design moves the world and that we can carry important concepts through it.
core operations at present is aligning the project design deliverable with bim and autocad/inventor platform across the team of modelers and cad draftsman, restructuring the team workflow to ensure the maximum productivity   specialist in building the remote team with available resources on time and produce the high quality project deliverable (drawing/3d modeling/design analysis).  proficient in product design, prototype development & fabrication   bim,cad champion,inventor, reverse engineering , specialising in faciliating bim/ipd across the buisness in conjection with known industry standards  responsible for lead development of standardisation of working process, troubleshooting the design issues across all the projects  specialized in bim management, product development, laser scanning with 8 years experiance in the field of building information modeling (bim) with major international projects from middle east & europe..  power user of revit,inventor, navisworks & dynamo in the scope of (architecture, structure & mep)  effective dynamo script writer    expert in approaching architects & engineers to make their designs to develop a clash free bim model & producing shop drawings..   expert in using inventor, revit (architecture,structure & mep) navisworks, solibri, 3ds max
computer aided design (3d max , cad , photoshop , word, excel, powerpoint). - using all office program and email internet. - creating conceptual designs. - hand sketching. - lighting and colors schemes. - client facing. - floor planning. - feasibility studies.  personal skills   - highly creative. - excellent imagination. - attention to detail.  interior designing excellence   - well-versed in determining the client   s needs and goals. - special talent for considering how the space will be utilized effectively. - specialized courses in sketching opening design plans. - highly skilled in preparing final plans using cad & 3d max, and related computer software.  key skills and competencies   - over 3 years of experience in interior designing. -   familiar with qatar building regulations and standards. -   functional knowledge of providing design support to team members. -   good knowledge of construction detailing and material properties. - participate in construction administration. - assist in managing client expectations and consultant coordination. - experienced in developing space planning concepts and program documentation. -   excellent knowledge of  3d max, autocad, photoshop. -   extensive experience in sourcing, specification, procurement as an designer. -   capable of running with a project from initial concept to completion. -   able to work on multiple projects simultaneously. -   experience of leading projects and overseeing other members of staff. -   ability to translate 2d drawings into 3d. - excellent organizational skills.
experienced user experience designer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in user interface, user experience, logo design, and typography. strong information technology professional with a no focused in no from city public.
with a diverse educational background includes bachelor of science in interior design and bachelor of science degree major in industrial design at de la salle university - manila philippines.   combined with project experience that spans various areas of interior design, ff&e , os&e specialists for over fifteen years of hospitality, hotel casino, high-end residential, luxury private villas, artworks and some government projects all over gcc, macau & hong kong china, vietnam & philippines.   sheryl   s approach to the conceptual development has an enormous effect on the overall project outcome and realization of each project is both unique and well-rounded. head of ff&e     interior  team, she works closely with clients and team from start to finish, managed and lead each project from the schematic concept through the documentation stage, construction, purchasing and field supervision phases. her past experience as a business & sales development director for a reputable furnishings brand in hong kong makes an her invaluable contribution to the firm as it strives to deliver the high level of aesthetic excellence that a company desire especially for clients requirements.   a creative individual, has a wide eye for detail & design, determined & resourceful, organized team player. loves to travel, an athlete, loves music and seek adventure. excellent communication skills and interpersonal skills to be able to communicate with the clients, management and overall team. knowledge in autocad
nairi currently is a product designer and researcher at aj&smart, where she helps to deliver to design and strategy sprints.   nairi's background is in industrial design, human-centered design, and working with people. her strong interpersonal, sales, and communication skills mean that she can adjust and thrive in any workplace. she enjoys fast-paced design, learning, exploring sustainability, and fostering communities.  raised in new zealand and born in france, nairi is now based in berlin. when she's not designing, she's outside  hiking, climbing, and traveling.,
i am a passionate ui/ux designer with 15+ years of creative experience in delivering challenging assignments independently and in team environments. i am determined to provide a highly usable, intuitive, and emotionally engaging user experience on web and mobile platforms while researching new trends and grasping new concepts with ease.   tools and technologies that i use every day are adobe xd, sketch, invision, adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, adobe indesign, instapage, google web designer, html5, css3/sass, bootstrap, javascript & jquery.,alex_midicula
to be an exceptionally competent professional at an institution where i can best apply & polish my salient skills with hard work and dedication and keep growing my knowledge base.,omnia,senior ui designer
to become an accomplished professional and the best in the field of website development with a focus on quality work and strong commitment to my job. as a front-end developer i excel at the following      4.5 years of experience in front-end development     good experience in node js, react js, html5, css3, jquery, javascript, dhtml, adobe photoshop, web performance optimization, gtmetrix / pagespeed insights / w3c standards, ajax / json api,css animation     expertise in responsive website development using bootstrap framework and custom media queries     experience in different web development frameworks (1140 css grid, golden grid system,  responsive grid system, etc)     extensive experience in front end development to be integrated with reactjs     proficient in theme integration, dynamic page & navigation development.     expertise in photoshop, adobe xd, dreamweaver
innovative creative designer & 2d/3d animator with more then 13 years of experience in delivering of logical concepts building, 2d/3d animation, story boarding, lay outing, project composition, special effects,      specialized in 2d & 3d animation & creative designing from a well known institution & worked with well-   established tv channels like fatafeat a flagship channel of discovery communication, mtv and others.      extensive background in the full concept building & designing from initial concept through final delivery and live & recorded programs.     ability to rapidly achieve organizational integration, assimilate job requirements and employ innovative ideas, concepts, methods and technologies. energetic, self-   motivated, quick learner and spirited team member      good communication, interpersonal, intuitive, technical, analysis and leadership skills. highly dedicated and focused. thrive in both independent and collaborative work environments,atif_aquari,
i   m a specialist in the human-centered design process, with significant experience in user research, brainstorming, prototyping, and usability testing. my passion is to combine business goals and user data insights to design meaningful products. that   s what i   ve been doing for 9 years as a user experience designer.  main skills  prototyping, qualitative research, product management,gbr_lins,
ui & ux designer  i believe the role of a designer in creating a better world. i think design is a systematic attempt to change the future and we are living in greatest epic of innovation ever seen on earth, it   s an extraordinary time to live in and i am passion of making and designing thinks we want in the future, the future we want to live in and make people   s life experiences better.
architect and lighting designer, with over 15 years of international experience.  she has been working for  the last 11 years in the field of lighting in the middle east, starting as a consultant and as client in the position of lighting design director. she is currently enrolled in a leadership and management program at hbs, and focusing on research and education.  in the position of lighting design director at emaar development, patricia was in charge of overseeing architectural lighting projects for all of emaar   s portfolio, both in the uae and internationally, leading the lighting design conception, development and implementation across different types of projects such as masterplanning, hospitality, residential and retail.  patricia started her career studying engineering at the politecnica del ecuador, she then pursued her studies in architecture to combine her interest in mathematics with art, receiving her degree in architecture at the universidad san francisco in 2001. after this, she specialized in architectural lighting, obtaining her master   s in germany in 2005. currently she is  part of the harvard business school professional leadership development program. she has been invited as a speaker to dubai, london, spain, mexico, qatar and turkey.
i am an interior designer, with a bachelor degree in interior design and pre-masters.  finished the studies i went on to work in emaar egy, then an international studio of architecture and interior design in turkey.  at the moment based in dubai, uae, working in architecture & design projects.  i am extremely passionate and motivated and constantly looking for new opportunities. i love to watch and observe my surroundings and take inspiration from these for my projects. i am constantly looking for new experiences and knowledge, to improve myself and my work. i learn quickly and i am versatile and very reliable. i love working in a team, but if necessary also on my own and under pressure.  my personal design style is contemporary and minimalist, and interested in interior psychology with clean and simple shapes, while always paying attention to aesthetics and functionality of the spaces, with an eye for details.  designing skills     all aspects of interior design from the master-planning phase till installation & final project handover, creating the concept and schematic design moving to the design development, interior architecture, ff&e/ material selections and coordinated construction documents.     provide excellent communication, presentation and client liaison skills.     provide exemplary design, documentation and detailing.     be alert and informative for up market ff&e suppliers and materials relative to the design and decoration process.     awareness and interest in global design trends.  team leader      outstanding skills in leadership and supervision  manage project teams of designers.     take an active role in office management and setting up office policy to improve standards and productivity.     scheduling and prioritizing of resources     understanding that the role of mentoring and guidance is vital to ensure the right procedures and standards are set in place from an early stage.,enasawad_,
i am a certified user experience designer(cua) who is passionate about meeting user's needs and expectations with also balancing the business needs with the user needs. i work in an agile environment where i apply my ux skills and methods learnt. i am also person that likes to learn new skills and methods to help me create an even better customer experience.  i am an enthusiastic, energetic and adaptive individual who likes to take on challenges and be innovative.  ux is not about being a follower in the industry but rather creating those disruptive experiences that people will use, interact and will talk about for generations to come.  my digital portfolio is available on request.
experienced user experience designer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in pro tools, mac, maxmsp, mixer, and sound. strong arts and design professional with a master's degree focused in music technology from university of limerick.,
personal summary  a confident, competent and creative interior designer with 10+ years of experience  working on various projects ranging from residential to commercial, retail and public spaces. having a excellent commercial approach to solving problems and an ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces, including structural alterations.   ambitious, imaginative and dedicated design professional eager to gain experience in a creative environment. looking for a new and challenging position, one which will make best use of my existing creative skills and experience and also further my personal and professional development,
i believe in creating compelling digital experiences for everyone through the intersection of continuous innovation with technology. having a strong inclination towards design thinking methodologies, i believe in solving complex user problems through experimentation which involves repeated iterations to arrive at the most feasible solution.  being an extrovert by nature, i like attending meetups and conferences and conducting activities such as brainstorming workshops, ideation sessions, sketching, etc within my team.  in the future, i am eager to work on projects that involve innovation through the use of technologies like ar, iot, facial recognition to name a few.   keeping the customer at the center of everything i do and creating a happy moment for someone, somewhere is what gives me the most joy in being a designer.
i am front end developer / web and graphic designer. i help people and companies develop and design their websites, build a brand and establish sustainable growth       and with the dazzling design of the finished result comes a process devoted to functionality. i work hard and i work smart. i use css, wordpress, divi, php, mysql. i integrate usability practices into my websites so that the end-user has a smooth journey as they navigate their way around.  but besides the big world of web... i also design for print. i have designed and printed logos, business cards.  besides business, i enjoy life, traveling, learning, and singing (not only under the shower) and i love to provide value.  here   s who i help          top managers, entrepreneurs, consultants, marketers, salespeople & all b2b professionals     i help you build a personal brand and get more clients.         individuals who are just starting their journey  to learn more about how i can help you grow your business
i am a mechanical designer&mep draft man at lts electromechanical llc dubai.i having more than 6 year's experience in uae & 1.5 years in india,lts electromechanical llc-dubai,mep designer
talented, driven and flexible graphic designer with a proven record of delivering creative and innovative design solutions. a proven ability of developing projects from inception through production to final delivery, ensuring that all work is effective, appropriate and delivered within agreed timescales. running a freelance business       ,
i am a certified ux designer with more than 10 years of design experience working for world-leading car companies like ford and audi. in my opinion, design is the overall concept of a product in terms of function, form and color which can only be sensibly designed once you understand the people who use it and their problems. future visions and innovative products can only be created in interdisciplinary teams. i can offer you additional value with my professional past and my technical, conceptual and creative versatility. i   m ready to make a difference in an innovative team that places their client   s user experience at the forefront of their company mission.
experienced studio manager with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. skilled in graphic design, drawing, sketchup pro, revit architecture, autocad, lumion 9, adobe illustrator and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in architecture from national college of arts.,
responsible for creating a visible image that can be used in media and print. uses software and hand-rendering to design products that meet the needs of the client.  primary responsibilities - meet with clients to establish a vision for a product or design. - select colors, images, textures and shapes to create the layout. - select the size and arrangement of the different elements. - use computer software to create electronic versions of designs. - employ color, type, illustration, photography, animation, and various print and layout techniques when  designing project. - develop material for web pages. - design logos for products and businesses. - develop signs and environmental graphics. - create promotional displays, packaging, and marketing brochures. - develop the layout and production design of magazines, newspapers, journals, corporate reports, and  other publications. - make short movies.,
i am a happier person, when i paint, with more to say in my work, and actually more productive in less time.,
accomplished visual designer with experience hovering over 13 years in web design, ui/ux design and front end development.  responsible for creating interesting visual designs that are appealing and ensure high usability. expert in modern web design, ui/ux design, responsiveness and cross browser, cross platform compliance.  expert in designing and front end development of ecommerce systems, information architecture for big data/ bi dashboards, handling complex interactions and simplifying challenging online processes.  expert level proficiency in design tools such as adobe creative suite, including adobe fireworks.  expert level proficiency in development tools such as html5, css3, compass, jquery, javascript, and bootstrap.,bisonics,
i want to succeed in a stimulating and challenging  environment building the success of the company while experience advancement opportunities.,alexandria international furniture,senior 3d designer
with 13 years of experience in ui designing and 4 years in ux. design, ux and dance enthusiast. born in the lap of himalaya, north india. studied arts and web designing in 2007. a strong believer of one supreme energy, you call him god. philosopher of    life without five senses   . - skilled in the use of figma, sketch app, abstract, adobe xd, invision studio, principal app, zeplin and adobe programs such as adobe animate cc, photoshop and illustrator.
freelance (self employed),freelance graphic designer graduate in bachelor of science in design management from the american university of sharjah (aus), holds solid background experience in communication, branding, ux & ui, and graphic design. abubakar is gradually gaining additional insight in project management and marketing. he is a keen learner, who is always willing to reinforce his existing arsenal of talent.
graphic designer . printing director . advertising operation manager. media partner .event director.  mobile no    0097430194858 looking for work ..,free lancer rune design,graphic designer
motion graphic artist and digital compositor with comprehensive understanding in all areas of film production cycle.  my experience demonstrates a diverse skill set ranging from developing methods and solutions for solving technical limitations, compositing photorealistic effects, enough photographic knowledge, possessing good capacity to observe, imagination and a strong eye for balance, color, structure and detail.  i have acquired a bachelor   s degree in graphic design and my studies centered on computer aided design software used to create videos and graphics along with camera applications. while earning my degree, i completed an internship where i created both two and three-dimensional animated videos.  i have extensive knowledge of photoshop, after effects and illustrator. i am also very familiar with interactive media and ways to edit videos, photos and audio.  i have the ability to work together with a team to come up with ideas and to help create prototypes but i can also work independently and get the job done.,
identity design shouldn't describe, but identify .specialties  tangible user interfaces, physical computing, participatory design, co-creation, design thinking, innovation methods
me, as a creative spirit always try's to create strong visual concepts to bring the brand to life. my passion has always been trying out new things, experiment with new ideas and create the rather unexpected. i consider myself a creative, who is always seeking to learn more about my field of profession, as well as those field's i get in touch with.     curiosity about life in all of its aspects, i think, is still the secret of great creative people        leo burnett  specialties graphic design, branding & identity,
i design thoughtful digital experiences & beautiful brand aesthetics. i provide high quality web & graphic design services,location solutions,graphic and multimedia designer
creative designer  i'm a young creative design from ghana based in dubai, with a huge passion for branding identity, logo design and helps in designing brand identity and brand strategy for businesses and help them to meet their potential. my design skills cover several creative design fields, i really enjoy the idea of creating new things by using design-thinking.
an experienced industrial designer with a demonstrated history of working in the consumer goods industry, developing designs for manufactured products and advanced concept studies. he does not look at his profession as an everyday job. design is a great drive in his life. it   s all about the passion to create.
i love bringing clarity to complicated issues. this is a common thread to defining a user experience, creating a concise and elegant design, teaching a concept or facilitating self-discovery. when not working, i enjoy playing badminton, escaping puzzle rooms or volunteering for events.   specialities  ui & ux design, wireframes & mockups, prototyping, user research, user test, responsive web & app design, landing pages, animation, photo editing, training design, training delivery, presentation, writing
graphic web designer with more than 6 years experience based in dubai, united arab emirates. i am passionate about creating clean & elegant web page layouts, ui designs & app interfaces. experience in creating branding materials like brochures, newsletters, flyers & logos. creative researcher of ui, ux & design thinking.
currently working at passivhaus institut, darmstadt where he was an intern earlier. he is also pursuing mba-building sustainability student at the technical university of berlin. previously he worked as energy analyst at greentree. greentree provides various solutions centred around the concept of energy efficiency & design. this includes green building design & certification, epc contracting & interior fit-outs and smart energy metering solutions.   he has also been an intern at the indian green building council which provides a wide array of services which include developing new green building rating programmes, certification services and green building training programmes.   he was also an intern at l&t building and factories ic, jaipur where he worked on the construction of jcb manufacturing plant.   naman has represented india, along with his team at university challenge at ifat munich 2016.  he likes to put himself out for someone in need and he lives his life with the principles of honesty and optimism.
experienced creative lead with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in graphics, logo design, audio editing, typography, and adobe creative cloud. strong marketing professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in advertising & animation, interactive technology, video graphics and special effects from arena multimedia.
hi, let me introduce myself.  i   m nico, a psychologist, endeavour entrepreneur & tech enthusiast.   as you can see, i have held a wide variety of roles in different industries and professional niches.   this has allowed me to grow professionally and develop different hi-potential skills needed in today's multi-task, e-commerce, blockchain, globalized, fast-paced, business structures & markets.   think globally, act locally!   i have an entrepreneur mentality & a strong startup spirit, with a just fix it motto.   i am a firm believer in an ethical approach to business not only in a social aspect but also in an environmental one.   i am a passionate learner & serial networker, looking forward to learning something new every chance i get.   what i don   t know  i research and consult with specialized peer   s & colleagues.      luck, is when preparation meets opportunity    seneca    i enjoy teaching and keynote speaking. collaboration & teamwork is key, as i always say       let   s grow together, it   s a win win   .  feel free to reach out anytime, even if it   s just for a friendly chat. i   m always open to a constructive exchange of ideas.   i speak english, spanish & german in full professional proficiency. learning a bit of russian and chinese but still a newbie.   keep the good vibes in business going.   cheers!!!
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the hospitality industry. skilled in flash animation, adobe premiere pro, adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, and indesign. strong arts and design professional graduated from aptech.,
web & graphics designer.i'm a product designer driven by passion for making products and helping others do the same, or even better. i write a blog about product+design at darshangajara.com and often contribute to invision's blog.   i'm an internet-made designer and strongly believe in giving back to the internet. the reason why i created my side-project productdisrupt.com. i also hold a bachelor's degree in computer engineering from university of mumbai.   i   m experienced in delivering end-to-end product solutions for india   s top ticketing portal     bookmyshow and building a crowdfunding platform for creatives     wishberry. i also worked towards building a community of design enthusiasts for panda network.   my key responsibilities included business requirement mapping, product specification, user experience by user research, user interface and interaction design and studying the user feedback on an iterative basis.  i   ve also been working as an independent product design consultant for 5+ years now. my clients include startups and established businesses from us, uk, uae, canada and india. it has helped me understand the business of creativity and improve myself on a consistent basis.   very recently, i've helped design a diy interactive ad-platform for mcanvas in mumbai. and i'm currently tasked at designing an online experience for restaurants as an offering by a saas product company based in dubai, uae.,weirdowizard,
pragmatic. disciplined. creative. collaborative. stefan bischoff brings these qualities to life.  he exemplifies the best of a web developer   s technical and analytical thinking with a designer   s imagination and holistic real-life composition. he is a design thinker in the truest sense, creating solutions from the end goal back to the first step, with diligent delivery every step of the way.  stefan   s approach with each client is to work together to create a clear picture of the desired end goal, scripting the look, sound, and feel with precision. with that established, he creates a project plan and timeline that will meet those end goals on time and within scope.  he focuses on delivering what is promised, without going over the deadline or the spend limit, and his clients respond with loyalty to this high-integrity approach.    he loves starting new businesses, and successfully launched and led angel printing as chief technical officer for eight years. from there he has been a web developer and designer in both employee and contractor positions, helping organizations with ui/ux in industries ranging from social gaming to biotechnology to fashion.  his ability to apply rigor to every embedded technology platform allows him to shift across industries while maintaining consistently strong outcomes.  stefan is personable, thoughtful, visionary, energetic and agile.  from the details of design to the details of development, he elevates organizations' online presence, ensuring that each new visitor who enters as a prospect leaves as a customer.   specialties  web development     adobe creative suite     wordpress development     customer journey     php     logo design     indesign     jquery     corporate identity     photography     css     pre-press     digital printing     social media     social networking     graphic design     cascading style sheets (css)     responsive prototyping     sass - css pre-processing    ,
i'm an all-rounder graphic designer based in dubai, uae.   a humble, approachable, and optimistic type of person - combined with the passion to learn and share ideas to others. throughout my experience working in the industry i have developed my skills in designing graphics, prints, branding, 3d, web and photography.
more than 5 years of exposure in social media marketer, digital marketing, retail, cgi (3d image) and multimedia/graphic design professional with extensive retail business, advertising agency and client experience across the uk, middle east, and asia.
summary objective  to be able to work in the industry where i can maximize my potential to the fullest and provide professional inspiring designs with a commitment to quality and time efficiency for the overall development and expansion of the institution, and to enhanced my skill and expertise in the field of health, safety and environment.  technical skills  microsoft office (word,exel, powerpoint) macro media freehand onyx and wasatch ripping software encad photoscrift cutting and plotter roland plotter and cutting machine hp 5000/5100 large format indoor printing machine roland xj740 large format outdoor printing machine dgi and vista large format printing machine gandi jet-i innovation indoor/outdoor large format printing machine salsa / nhur / vu-tek large format printing machine  strength  *dynamic, dedicated, resourceful and fast learner *goal oriented individual *can relate well with other people *hardworking,  *can work with minimum supervision *willing to work on shifting schedule and render overtime *willing to face a challenging role, which will enhance my personality.  *possesses a sense of responsibility. *able to work independently with minimum supervision.  experience gained      good team player and multi-tasking capabilities     good orientation and implementation of work obligation and responsibilities.     proven initiative and the ability to work w/minimal supervision.     excellent organization and motivational skills.     good in oral and written communication,
graphic designer and motion graphic designer, i work in designing ad videos and motion graphics videos   i use the adobe software suite adobe after effects and adobe premiere also draw scenes and set them to animate through adobe illustrator i also work in the cinema 4d.  for samples of designs from the link
a freelance graphic designer and an illustrator with over 5 years of experience with it support background.  graduated from  a.s. griboedov institute, moscow, linguistics faculty and faculty of economics  contemporary design school, moscow, graphic design faculty.  finished a number of california institute of the arts graphic design courses.,
professional sound designer, audio implementer and recordist.  specialties  sound design, recording, game audio, dialogue and localisation, asset organisation, editing and implementation, pro tools, nuendo, audition, izotope rx, wwise, fmod.  i totally love what i do, collaborating with industry professionals on a great variety of projects is something that i find extremely rewarding. there   s nothing quite like getting together a team of creative people and working together to make something great.  released game titles  gravel horizon zero dawn total war  warhammer anno 2205 heroes of might & magic vii aion lineage ii iron knight lineage ii ogame  released movies  maya the bee snowpiercer  released shortfilms   die letzten kinder im paradies squash pudel  trailers  call of war invasion  released audio dramas  maus & mystik vorsicht engpass
advanced designer & developer with 4 years of experience in structuring, developing and implementing interactive websites. innovative use of technology and seo to drive traffic and engage users. able to complete projects efficiently and satisfy customers with attractive, user-friendly websites.
lighting certified architect with over 17 years of lighting design experience in the hospitality, retail, corporate, mixed use, streetscape, public realm, parks, sports and infrastructure sectors in the middle east offering lighting design consultancy services to meet the client   s needs and vision for the built environment.,msajuo
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, sketchup, 3d design, revit, and 3d studio max. strong arts and design professional with a bsc interior designing focused in interior design from amity school of design.
mood home furniture,interior designer ,interior/exterior designer and 3d visualizer, with 8 years of experience in residential, office, and retail interior design, conceptual design, 3d graphics, and construction documents. certified autodesk 3ds max specialist.
italian dairy products,looking for new opportunity. i am a professional graphic designer/ web designer & developer based in dubai. always seeking new challenges to take my craft to new heights and feed my passion for story telling. i enjoy the creative process of any any project and quite simply love what i do. professionally and more passionately than ever.  method and style of creating, listening, and collaborating with partners builds trust and a positive working relationship.  i love meeting new people & new things, so please feel free to say hello & share a story with me. i am thrilled, and truly blessed to be a part of the unity family!  start where you are, with what you have. make something of it and never be satisfied.  specifications   branding and design as a science, including color theory, illustration, typography, web design, logo design , graphic design, template turn into html, web templates,making websites,  picture editing, making social covers & design.   designing specialties      html      css      php   software knowledge       photoshop     adobe fireworks     illustrator     dreamweaver     ms office  professional skills      technology savvy     highly motivated     energetic     creative     imaginative     work to under pressure and to tight deadlines.     communicate confidently.
i was born in damascus . when i was young my dream was to be an artist so i worked on it . i studied in fine arts faculty in damascus and got a well education about many sides of art i have specialised in graphics and visual communications . i had work experiences with a part time jobs before my graduation, and then a full time jobs in some companies in syria and now in uae as a graphic designer , senior graphic designer and art director having better opportunities , more experience are the main objectives of my career. meeting new people in my field, keeping myself updated, updating my knowledge are my strategy to evolve my self .  specialties   graphics applications  - advanced in adobe photoshop . - advanced in adobe illustrator . - advanced in adobe indesign .  - microsoft   (windows, word,outlook).,
intensive interior designer with an art in 3ds max who loves to experiment every aspects in design and architecture.,lulu group international,designer ,i'm a designer, creative, interior designer, 3d generalist, handcrafter in a creative field and i consider myself a reputable and reliable professional, my spirit made of curiosity, i'm searching every day for a new challenge and new workmates whom i can learn from and i can realize with very high-level productions. my great dream is to continue working in the creative field, and making things at the highest level.   i like facing always different challenges in order to raise ability of adapting myself under various circumstances and hard tasks, with my great passion and my deep curiosity towards the entire creative world i have the opportunity to test multiple techniques approaching and conceptual problems which i will face from time to time, and become an advanced creative architect who always ready to organise and lead the team.    my duties and talents      exterior and interior advanced design     exterior and interior production design     colour and material design     product and merchandise design     3d modeling     industrial design consultancy     member of the syrian fine arts association      plastic art courses     high skilled interior design     exhibition stand design     freehand sketch     event design,
stickman design llc,senior interior designer ux and ui designer with a bachelors of visual communications design. love everything about web, app and data systems design. a true typography devotee.,idanarbesman,
i am passionate about user experience and creating outstanding digital experiences based on users' needs. i strongly believe that the best ux is created when people have the right conversations - i prioritise process facilitation over shiny mockups.,ableton
an ambitious, creative and dedicated professional interior designer with an international outlook as well as a charismatic leader.  an imaginative interior designer with extensive working experience on a mixture of projects. i have not only an excellent commercial approach to solving problems, but also a proven ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces, including structural alterations.  moving forward with my career, i am eager to get involved in new and challenging position that will make best use of my existing creative skills and experience, over and above that, will further my personal and professional development.
a ux/ui mobile designer with an easy-going personality who is looking for a role to use my full potential. i'm also a fast learner, love to experiment, create new stuff and explore how things work.
experienced graphic designer ux design with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in web design, adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, and flash animations.
there is nothing more satisfying than to overcome a challenge. in my professional world these are design challenges, and i thrive on finding the best solutions. some projects are a clear challenge before acceptance, but invariably, every project will have some obstacle to overcome or problem to solve.  in creating sarhen, my vision was to unite a team that also shared an inherent sense of dedication to find the best solutions for every client and project. sometimes i think we are a little crazy sending eureka messages to each other at all hours, but we live in our work and we love our work. it is this spirit that makes our work fun, and ultimately delivers great design bringing beauty and function to the crazy world in which we live. as an extension of our team, we exclusively work with vendors who are dedicated to supporting our projects in this same way to bring our designs on paper to physical form.  while sarhen is a young company, it has been in the making for years, and has an experienced team of designers that together have over 50 years of practice. to date our portfolio ranges from private high end residential, commercial residential, and hospitality work, even a national park visitors center!
be part of a professional and considered organization where i can fulfill my ambition. and to maintain high experience and productivity that will meet my self-esteem.,mirabello interiors,senior interior designer
rpa consultant and developer (blue prism, uipath), with vb.net, sql, web development and excel vba skills, quadrilingual (spanish, german, dutch & english) and with experience in international consultancy, process analysis and on site and remote solution development, as well as rpa support in virtual environments.  big advocate of teamwork and continuous improvement at all levels, my passion for this field has driven me to reorient my career and prosper in a dynamic and international environment, not only implementing rpa solutions but also analyzing business processes, providing technical support and being in charge of mentoring external rpa teams.,
interior designer with a master's degree in lighting design from new york with experience of increasing levels of responsibility and work assignments including space planning, interior furnishing, fit out renovation spaces. i am hard working, self-driven and very motivated. creative in every aspect of my field. excellent software skills ranging from revit to 3ds max. can work in a multi-cultural work environment.
looking for a job in the field of architecture or interior designing.,ss lootah international investment group,assistant interior designer i am an interior architect with a professional practice spanning across a wide range of disciplines. i have a demonstrated history of working on workplace design, high-end and mid-range residential developments, residential design, and design of educational facilities.   i have a strong belief in creating new conceptual experiences developed around functional and aesthetic spaces. i have always been intrigued with the study of scale, which allows me to touch on the largest aspects of a project down to the final details. in turn, this has allowed me to excel beyond my years and position myself as an avid thinker. i hold a masters in architectural design and urban vision.,
   creativity is nothing but the way to solve problems.    and i   m a man who aims in solving it all. i, wajahat ali nawab am a product designer, illustrator and a storyteller having 7 years of experience. i believe in learning more, eager to solve complex interactions and humanizing user experience. skilled with prototyping, i build pixel perfect designs. moreover, i am an artist by soul who loves sketching, drawing and passionate in film making.,wajahatalinawab,
worked on various software applications / e- commerce / web design as ux / ui designer.  automotive sector for bmw (level 5 autonomous electric cars) volkswagen regio central infotainment display as ux / ui designer
with a passion to learn on the job and an eye for detail, i hope to grow in a set up which allows me to take my previous experience in hospitality design forward through multi-disciplinary creative approaches in spatial exploration and problem solving check my work 
a confident, competent and imaginative interior designer with extensive experience of working on a mixture of projects  having a excellent commercial approach to solving problems and a proven ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces, including structural alterations.  an ambitious, creative and dedicated design professional eager to gain experience in a creative environment. skills and experience and also further my personal and professional development
as a creative professional with over twelve years of experience working in the digital media and game development industry as a multi-faceted producer and designer i have extensive knowledge of production, business development, strategy and innovation. my varied background across different platforms, companies and markets provides me with a unique understanding of the game and digital media industry across all disciplines and sectors.
space design for interior & exterior architecture,architect and interior designer i'm a self motivated and positive person... i'm currently based in united arab emirates, 15 years as a head florist designer.  my task includes      prepared floral displays for weddings, baby deliveries, and events.     demonstrated high creativity through visually appealing floral displays     stayed current with the latest trends in floral design     handled major events, weddings without any supervision and individually     creating designs for window displays every season of the year (valentine   s day, easter, spring season, ramadan, national day and christmas).     provided innovative floral designs through use of colors, and accent materials     provided costs estimates and arranged prices for clients     meet with the clients and discuss their requirements for the events/wedding/baby delivery.     working with the cad operator to make the design presentation and sit with the team to organize the events requirements (lightings, furniture, stage and etc.)     creating vip tray compositions for the chocolates.     creating seasons collection designs for the boutique display (boxes, trays, chocolates and boutique display designs).     supervise and coordinate with the staff of floral department
10 years experience in kitchen designer for commerical kitchen equipment,stars aluminium & glass co.,interior designer .an interior designer with over 10 years of professional experience, vijay has worked on educational, residential, work space, f&b and retail design projects in india and the middle east with the primary focus being on experiential design.  in the last two years, he has worked on the design of two international british-curriculum schools in dubai, one of which was recently awarded the 'education and healthcare lighting project of the year' award at luxlive middle east 2016. his responsibilities as a senior designer are -  - design conceptualization. - project coordination. - working with and leading a team of interior designers, 3d visualizers and draughtsmen. - liaising with the client, contractor and specialist consultants. - inspecting the quality of work on site periodically and its adherence to the ifc drawings.  vijay's relies on critical thinking and rationality as a designer and his strengths lie in his interpersonal skills and attention to detail.
my passion to architecture started once i decided to study in this field. but after the five years passed i became more passionate about architecture and how to built  an environment that can affect its occupants at a human scale. from here i started my journey in practicing my architectural passion in real projects and in visiting construction sites to see how the detailed drawings  are applied in real construction. then my interests in architectural design reside in interior architecture and how the built environment can affect the person at a psychological and emotional level, and i think this is essential to successful architectural design. since in my opinion, design in interior spaces is an intimate creative process that requires an attention to detail and artistic ability. then i started to work in a firm that focuses on interiors and my passion grows more and more when i started to interact with people. learned how to work with a variety of people with different types of expertise and gained knowledge in applying the creative design process to a variety of scales and applications. i learned how to manipulate architectural spaces in a variety of environments, even those that were originally unfamiliar to me, and how to adjust to environments that were not my own. at the end all of this makes me an excellent communicator and a strong team leader where i have developed robust knowledge in hospitality interiors and architectural designs, providing excellent solutions with passion to space planning and a wide knowledge of materials and production of construction documents.  demonstrated ability to carry out project tasks in linear fashion and demonstrate successful completion of tasks within established budget parameters and meeting deadlines within those same parameters.,
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, adobe indesign cc, editing, concept development, and public speaking. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in interior design from ajman university of science and technology.
i am bissan, a graphic designer with lots of passion for what i do. i believe my role lies in improving the visual appearance and function of certain messages and information, not by attractive design pieces only, but with practical and functional ones too! i appreciate unique and unconventional design approaches that would make visual messages stand out and affect their target audience.   if you are looking for a freelancer, please contact me 
i am a graduate with a bachelor's degree in applied arts - graphic design major from the german university in cairo. i have past experience from working in multiple agencies with a focus on visual communication, branding, and ui/ux, and a very good knowledge in arabic calligraphy.
as a designer, i am someone who believes that a highly effective product definition requires insight into the intersection of design, business, technology, and the user. my strengths encompass defining the product vision, crafting compelling stories and designing seamless, human-centered experiences across complex ecosystems. i enjoy interfacing with clients, internal executives and product teams to bring innovative ideas to life. i also thrive on working with multidisciplinary teams, maneuvering through project and political challenges, and most importantly, envisioning experiences that delight users. i fundamentally believe that design can improve people's lives, transform companies and change the culture.    specialties ux strategy, ui design, innovation consulting, experience design, user experience, service design, design thinking, information architecture
need help with your app, your team, your strategy, the meaning of life  i integrate iterative, human-centered design with a broad systems perspective     and bring plenty of common sense to the table.   i've been teaching design, design thinking, and innovation workshops since 2010, with university students and within corporate/nonprofit organizations.  what do i do  - qualitative user research - graphic recording and sketchnoting - learning design and evaluation - design facilitation with multifunction teams - digital interaction design - html/css prototyping - usability testing - german -  english translation   what do i teach  - design thinking / human-centered design process, from beginning to advanced levels - visual communication & sketching - how to lead and design immersive, project-based workshops  i'm an english native speaker. i understand and read german, and can talk and write in german when paired with a native speaker.,mollyclare,
5+ years experienced ui specialist(user interface design ) . skilled in designing applications, user interfaces (ui),  web design , online ads, and newsletters. create design mockups and style guides using  wireframes and effectively communicate interaction ideas using various tools.  being a ui designer / ui developer, i ensure an excellent user experience and feel of the product on any given platform. my work is my passion and i really love my work, but even more i pleased when other people appreciate my creative efforts.  websites / wireframing/  prototyping/  appdesign / mobile responsive / email / brochures / flyers etc  also familier with  html, css, bootstrap, jquery / less / javascript / basic seo
with 20 years of solid and diversified project experiences from the philippines, qatar and the uae. vastly worked on commercial, hospitality, and leisure projects. skilled and adept in architecture and interior architecture design project delivery with career exposures in residential, commercial, hospitality, leisure, transportation and industrial projects. proven skills in delivering projects from concept all the way to construction stages using autocad and bim tools such as revit and navisworks where coordination, clash coordination and clash resolution against different building trades are critical priorities of the projects. analytic and has the initiative to coordinate with interdisciplinary teams and work autonomously on the assigned projects.
seeking a challenging opportunity to work in a product-oriented team focusing on building a user-centered product with keeping user usability and good aesthetics in mind.
a senior interior designer, with 8 years of experience in syria, turkey and the uae. she graduated from virginia commonwealth university in qatar in 2010 with two bachelor degrees one in interior architectural design and the other one in fashion design.  in 2014, she moved to dubai where she developed her skills in autocad, 3d max and became a senior in designing villas, car show rooms, and offices.,
deyse besckow daneze is user experience designer and started studying ux during college, in 2010. with a bachelor degree in design for universidade feevale, worked during a few time in shoe and leather industry, in vale dos sinos, as shoe designer, and for that already used the information collected from end users to develop shoe collections. also worked as ux researcher and designer at sap, where she could gather experience as a designer as well as project manager for saas products.,
i am professional creative graphic and uiux designer possessing three years practical experience in professionally sound environment in national and international organizations. to produce high quality of work, i have deeply learnt the graphic and material design theory. the dedication with work made me uiux certified from udemy, and got enrolled in a online graphic and uiux advance level course in the university of california. besides, updating knowledge and expertise regarding the designing tools remain my foremost priority to contest the competitors. i have proven experience in designing the web, apps, logos, print media, banners and social media posts etc, which enable me to work independently and competently on the projects to meet the client requirements.
a ux designer by trade focused on solving problems and designing products that would improve and add value in people   s lives. i am frequently seen asking a lot of questions like    why & how   , exploring, researching and covering detailed user scenarios, i also design ui to research, test, validate ideas with stakeholders.  one of my key traits are the ability to learn and unlearn! i always seek for advice & look at get feedback from people.  in my spare time, i love reading books (poetry, spiritual, bios & self learning). going for ux or tech meet ups, always appreciate a well brewed coffee and spending quality time with my family!
experienced graphic web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry. skilled in adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, adobe after effects, adobe creative suit, microsoft office, logo design, banner desig, wordpress. strong information technology professional with a php / mysql focused in php / mysql from comsats institute information technology abbottabad.
product designer with an agile mindset worked with multidisciplinary teams to improve products experience and solve problems that mattered most. data-driven decisions and hypothesis validation are the anchors of my design process.   worked previously with oath, yahoo, criteo and others.
designer based in berlin, she likes to mix eastern and western cultures, exuding a mixed blend of freedom, emancipation and traditional warmth.   whilst these worlds sometimes clash, they also attract each other and ultimately find a common bond  their long-established ancestral know-how.  since her early childhood, hala gharabawi developed a passion for embroidery and various ancient craft skills, as she wanders alone through fashion workshops, she conquers fabrics and materials surrounding her, visualizing every detail to perfection.  her fervor and commitment to craftsmanship naturally opened the doors of esmod, which she successfully completed in 2016, distinguishing herself with her talent, her innovation, and her dexterity.  during her studies, she completed 3 training courses with madame lucy in berlin, lomar in jeddah / saudi arabia and yahya al bishri in jeddah / saudi arabia.  in 2017, while hala gharabawi was still at the fashion university, she won the prestigious award of the 25th china international hempel award for young fashion designers and was able to show her first collection at the mercedes-benz fashion week in china / beijing.  it was then only natural that in 2017 she started showcasing her collections during berlin fashion week.  hala gharabawi is a contemporary couture passionate about modern tailoring. with her distinct and spicy creations, she builds bridges across cultures where east and west meet.   through her collections
i am an enthusiastic self-starter i know how to move forward without lots of supervision creating not merely great websites and mobile applications but exceptional interfaces. i can design and redesign websites and applications from the ground up. i have a portfolio of designs that shows fluency in sketch photoshop illustrator and creating wireframes as well as conducting non-biased user surveys  while maintaining focus on business goals i never lose sight of developing a maximized user-centered experience. that means meshing your client   s intent and the target audience. so whether we are talking librarians, heart patients, dog owners, or children, i can manage to understand their needs and tailor a solution that solves their problems and simplifies their life.
1.monitors, evaluates, and report performance of assigned projects to management. 2.managing the department for the execution of turnkey interior fit-out projects. 3.preparation budget proposals, and recommend subsequent budget changes where necessary. 4.nominate suppliers and sub-contractors based on the client   s requirements 5.assists, participates, and coordinates client meetings, contractor meeting, consultant meetings, and other meetings related to functional area and project under charge 6.collaborate with civil, mechanical and electrical engineers tendering stage  1. check up all tender drawings,boq and specs  2. measuring & quantity take-off from drawings 3. preparation and subsequent negotiation of tender submissions for interior designing projects 4. sending inquiries to subcontractors and getting quotations to ensure that only fair and reasonable pricing is recommended for approval  7. producing final bills of quantities. 8. doing site visits for information gathering and data collection. awarded project stage  1. meeting with clients to discuss decorating needs, room layout plans, and the functionality of a room or building  2. producing designs using hand drawings and computer aided design (cad), showing how the spaces inside the building will be organized and constructed to determine furniture location and overall room design. 3. selecting and specifying colors, fabrics, and furniture finishes and selection of furniture style function and configuration will be coordinated with customer's requirements  4. producing mood boards with the help of designing team  5. arrange meetings with suppliers to facilitate standardization and economical procurement. 6. preparation of comparative statements  7. issuing local purchase order of the required items necessary to meet the functional, operational, sustainability, and aesthetic needs of the facility 8. track the site progress and quality of work being performed by design disciplines/trades
an ambitious versatile interior designer, interested in both the residential and commercial design. i've taken on multiple leadership skills during and after my studies that has shaped me as a leader, a strong communicator, and a skilled designer.,
hi there, i'm a ux & product designer based in berlin with over 6 years of experience. i have experience in providing end-to-end design (from research to pixel-perfect interface) development for saas, e-commerce, b2b and b2c projects. my ux design strategy is based on finding the best solution that covers user needs and business goals.   if you have any questions don't hesitate and ask me right away  )
being passionate about designing from a young age led me to taking up a challenging career path keeping in mind my dads words     this pencil will take you to great success. his words came true as i held my design degree for the first time. it brought me to special people and opened windows of opportunities and a new beginning.  having worked in dubai for almost 4+ years , three of which were with studio 9 interiors that provided me with the opportunity to work on retail projects, for which the design concepts have been implemented & executed. i believe it is a great achievement having being the first 2 projects to be approved as a new gradate.   i moved on to a slightly different role in algedra trading & furniture in which my roles included coordinating and providing design support for soft furnishings. i handled sample & mood boards , proposals for furniture, lighting ,curtains & carpets. being a part of the sales team has given me the chance to improve and develop on sales skills something which i never thought i could possibly do.   salfo & associates has provided me with  exposure & insights into the real world of designing through which i   m able to exploit my abilities to the maximum. working on prestigious projects has led to gaining practical knowledge, vast learning opportunities & i'm looking to gain more experience & develop further in the same,
exterran,senior designer - instrumentation,i am professional graphic designer,  photographer, animator and videographer .     i am  professional who has three years work experience of working in uae and pakistani top organizations. during employment period, i have completed diversity of tasks which span from posters, visiting cards, banners, brochures, billboards, advertisements, magazines covers, social media covers, catalogues and t-shirts designing to logos creation, 3d work, programming, video creation, photography and picture editing. i designed navigation maps of famous 8 storey safa gold mall located in the capital city of pakistan. furthermore, my job was to design stage and banners for the president cup last year.     i am young, energetic and can work overtime in the peak hours of work load. for example, i worked from morning 9am to 12am at night in the days of numerous work
creative designer with 9 years of uae experience and demonstrated history of working in the exhibitions, events services & interior industry. skilled in event management, exhibitions and interiors, mall promotions and design professional with a diploma in 3d modeling & animation.,
experienced senior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. multi-cultural global organisation in-depth experience of the design process ranging from initial market analysis and concept ideation to styling development and high quality presentations for top management.,lilium
i am a high-end designer with over seven years of experience working in fast-paced design/marketing industries and with top level managements which includes vips and ceos. quick learner proficient in industry standard design projects.   an innovative, strategic, creative thinker with strong knowledge of the fundamentals of design, and is efficient in carrying out projects from conceptual to final production stages. dependable individual who can manage a diverse range of clienteles and delivers projects in the crunch. hard-working, versatile team player committed to producing consistent, high quality work for all clients.   most important of all, i love what i do and the work shows it!,mohamedmadi739,
my passion is designing ui/ux with abilities of conceptualization, planning and design web and mobile apps. i love working on and discussing user experience and user interaction with team in order to help project achieve its objectives.  i possess over 7 years of experience as a ui/ux designer working on divers projects. quick to grasp new concepts and love to innovate creative solutions to problems.
i   m marina merlin. i'm brazilian and italian currently living in berlin.  i'm a ux designer with a background in architecture and urbanism. after finishing the 400-hour intensive ironhack bootcamp in october 2019, i   ve been focusing on improving and creating new digital products that offer a top-notch user experience.  design thinking | benchmark | research quant/quali | persona and jobs to be done | brainstorm and hmw | prototyping | design system | agile | sketch | figma | adobe xd | illustrator | autocad 
i   m a lead designer with over 14 years of experience in design management and user-centered design at strategic, tactical and operational level. my main focus is to empower people in startups and corporate environments to create digital products and services that have true value for their customers.   what i   ll bring  design leadership for multidisciplinary and diverse design teams, design strategy, user-centered product discovery and innovation, user experience design, usability engineering and user interface design.,
a young and enthusiastic graphic designer always keen to learn and strive for the growth of the company.,tssc co. llc - uae,graphic designer
i am looking forward to work with a reputed organization, where i can utilize my skills to contribute the organization   s success as well as to prove myself as an asset to the organization.creative architectural, interior 2d&3d design with a strong background in project management, space planning,building  design construction and computer-aided design, seeking to take next career step with a respected design firm focused on creating world-class.,
interior designer, site supervisor,mozaik design engineering consultant,perfect fit with a combination of design, product, analytical, and out-of-the-box mindset.  reliable for solving complex issues. kpi oriented.  see portfolio compozio.com read the case studies medium.com/ kirillgorban  last case study on e-commerce checkout optimization ux approach.conversion-rate-optimization-challenge  let's start talking about your product challenges.  i'm ready to fill the gap in  - ux architecture and user flows - business analysis - strategy & concepts - data analysis and extracting insights  - user experience design - user interface - wireframing & prototyping  - user research - personas - user journey mapping - information architecture - ux leadership  - ux research - prototyping, wireframes, ia, mockups - cross-functional collaboration - usability testing - product design - digital strategy - competitive analysis  domains i   ve worked on   - iiot  - climate   - electronics  - clothes and shoes  - cloud services - insurance  - jewlery  - gifts    - automotive  - agriculture  - beauty  - cryptocurrency  - travel  - security   - advertisement  - leasure and entertainment  - industrial  - real estate  - home and living  - medical and health  - transport and logistics  - sport and fitness  - government  - expo  - education  - photography  - hosting  by project types   - marketplaces  - apps (ios and andriod)  - websites  - crms  - chatbots  - desktop apps  by tech  - blockchain  - computer vision  by availability - open for part-time - open for remote full-time and (or) part-time  let's talk about your challenges. drop a message now.
specialize in ui/ ux design with 8 years of experience. i specialize in e-commerce & research-driven design. i have work experience with uae, top brands, (majid al futtaim group, nestle, city walk, lamer beach, duplays sports, emirates advocates, uae companies, meraas group, deira city center, mall of emirates, phillips morris international.  i do wireframe, mockups, prototyping, analytics, and user testing. build fluid interfaces that are light, fast, robust and usable. my job is to understand your business requirements
core strength in  designing and developing digital ecosystems from scratch and craft the digital advertising journeys across all major bought, owned, earned, and shared digital media channels.  proven track record of leading and managing multiple local and multinational brands.,
architect  adetayo odulana is a design architect with sufficient understanding of the technical aspects of architecture. he is a critical thinker with sufficient knowledge of all stages of design including tender documentation and an understanding of the importance of freehand sketching. he has also demonstrated the ability to accept and apply constructive feedback.  he attained his bachelor of architecture degree from the american university of sharjah (naab accredited), with a design-build studio in his final semester. his extensive design based education plus his interest in product & industrial design, enabled him to develop a fascination with the act of making, thinking critically and creatively in design with a keen attention to detail.  thus far, he has gained professional experience designing projects and proposals, in azerbaijan, egypt, india, nigeria, saudi arabia and u.a.e. these projects range from single family villas to high rise & mixed use developments to master plan proposals. he was part of a team that were involved in the design of a distinctive, timeless and elegant 5 star hotel and a high rise residential tower along the dubai marina beachfront. in addition to those projects, he was also involved in designing the eagle hills marina _ address hotel & service apartments with killa design. he currently pursues new challenges as a designer at callisonrtkl.  adetayo strives to create spaces that evoke and explore all human senses and emotion that can be perceived while harmoniously integrating elements in its environment, the urban context and traditional plus contemporary techniques.  he looks forward to more opportunities to apply and develop his skills and abilities further, and to attain more appropriate and applicable skills, as an architect.,
i have completed diploma in electrical engineering on april 2001, and having 19+ years as lead & sr. electrical designer   gulf experience in offshore & onshore oil and gas, petrochemical, power, buildings industry, which my experience mainly in electrical model , design & detailed engineering,
product designer with a demonstrated history of working in the saas industry. skilled in web design, ux design, and content creation. anna received a dual degree in bachelor of business administration (b.s.) and economics (b.a.) focused on international business from susquehanna university.,
i have graduated from tarumanegara university of visual communication design. i've been able to work with truly interesting people, and i think my collective experience shows in my work. i'm completely self-taught when it comes to the work that i do. i learn from others and from mistakes that i make myself. i feel that this is the best way to learn while at the same time preserving originality.
i am a motivated creative designer with the ability to work as a team and personally, even in stressful work environments. i'm always looking for solutions to people's problems and trying to make people feel better about their lives with new attractive, functional and innovative designs.
i  am  a  professional  multimedia, graphics & interior designer  with great  creativity  and  project  design  abilities.  adept multitasker  with  the  ability  to  bring  simultaneous motion  vfx,  graphic  design  &  video  editing  projects  to completion with complete efficiency and accuracy. with  an  additional  i.t  knowledge  know  to  troubleshoot  a  computer  &  workstation  and  i  am  able  to work well independently or as a member of a professional team.
if you would like to view my work, i specialize in graphic designing field where i create beautiful, moving designs that my clients and their clients respond to in a positive way. i design everything from brochures, flyers, promotional ads, visiting cards, magazine covers and much more. i particularly love designing logos and corporate identity designs as this gives me the opportunity to design something that will represent my client's company in a way that is eye catching, attracts clients and provides a professional image of the company in the market place. i 'm focused, driven, exuberant about designs and i 'm sure i can design something spectacular for you.,
my qualification is concerned i completed diploma in (civil engineering)from mahatma gandhi university. presently i am working with zebian industries as an senior facades designer , a part from that i am contributing my 100% to accomplish my career goal.,zebian industries
i love solving problems through design which affects lives of millions of people. my core lies in understanding human behaviour and design what matters to them.   user experience designer skilled at experience planning, strategy, user research, interaction design, rapid prototyping, user interface design.  i practice design with empathy inspired by research. accustomed to traversing design challenges from value proposition to pixel perfect details.       drive to create design concepts by balancing between business and user goals.      possess strong design process, design thinking, product management.      practitioner of user centered design process.      expert proficiency level in a variety of design and prototyping tools like figma, sketch, adobe xd, axure, principle, flinto, photoshop, illustrator, after effects.      very strong attention to detail.,
seasoned professional with over 5 years of experience in developing digital projects from planning to delivery across platforms and global markets, leading cross functional teams and working close to senior management assisting on scoping and hiring.  experience with highly transactional projects, e-commerce platforms, apps and corporate websites.   ux design / interaction design / product strategy . research . industry benchmarks . stakeholder and user interviews . user and business analysis . mapping personas, user journeys process flows, empathy maps etc . information architecture, content strategy, sitemaps, navigation flows . scamping, wireframing (pencil & paper, axure) . prototyping (invision, proto.io) . user testing  tools . axure . invision . proto.io . omnigraffle . sketch . photoshop . illustrator . dreamweaver . aftereffects . indesign  tech . front-end  fluent . web standards, micro formats, table-less  . js, html5, css3, jquery
creative and innovative professional with knowledge of the latest fashion trends and familiarity with fashion history, well versed in color combination/code, manual designs and pretty passion for prints, patterns, and details. seeking opportunities to work in a professionally competent environment that encourages innovation and uses my skills and knowledge in fashion designing to make a mark in the fashion world.
,graphic designer/creative executive/ social media manager    focus.patient.determined.teamplayer.,to work in challenging and intellectually stimulating environment which offers avenue of growth ,based on capabilities and hard work . i want to utilize and enhance my knowledge to create value with my design skill and people management,favelifestyle,
senior project designer with proven skills in delivering interior, exhibition, event and retail design projects, with more than 6 years experience in mena and south korea. a team player with good communication skills with ability to ensure a design of projects is functional, safe and economical and to meet the needs of the client. easy going by nature and always look forward to meeting strong, creative minds.
senior ux/ui designer with 8+ years of experience, aiming to implement this experience in bridging the gap between business objectives and customers' desires, to create a cohesive relationship that leads to brand and service loyalty.
i'm a ux designer, specialising in wireframing & prototyping        bio  born and raised in bangkok, thailand. having grown up in iceland, britain, austria, and germany inspired me to develop interests in service design. with a passion for new technologies and business viability, i discovered my strength as a user experience designer. by applying the design process, using the appropriate design methods, i can design an impactful and user-friendly digital solution!       skills  wireframing, prototyping, ux concepting, ui designing, user interview, usability analysis, cardsorting, agile methodology, usability heuristics
i'm baker monther and i am from jordan current basely live in abudhabi,uae.   i`m excellent graphic designer with 3 years of experience in the fields of logo branding, stationery.   i'm a freelanced graphic designer with a disability of not able to hear but having a visual of understanding upon meeting and email or written conversation makes me work on my designs as per your request.  i wear a hear aid and i prefer being able to meet up in person or speak through email or chat, so i can understand better.  but won't be able to answer calls or speak on call caus of my disability. please bear with me and hope i can be working with you and your company for future endeavours.   skills   logo design, web design, branding and ui design, css, html, indesign, photoshop, illustrator. if you have a project i can help with, please get in touch.,
experienced interface specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the telecom, digital publishing, medical device, event management, software development industries. skilled in usability testing, user centered design, wireframing, xhtml, mobile applications, web design, and html. strong arts and design professional with a b.e focused in computer science from madhav institute of technology & science.,
mohammad mannaa, web & graphic designer. specialized in branding.       web design      graphic design      branding & identity       creating creative campaign       social media design      team leading       creative directing      basic copy-writing       basic projects analyzing   personal skills        passionate.       able to work in group/solo, under pressure, manage stress, teaching others & helpful.     high communications skills.     self motivated.     ability to meet deadlines successfully maintaining the quality of work.     fast learner.      commitment to continued training and learning.
fashion design is my hobby and my life, i worked in the teaching of fashion drawing and art,i like to drawing on fabric and canvas, i aspire to be a global brand in fashion design, and to work as a designer -fashion illustration- in a large company or fashion houses as sketcher
8 years of experience in delivering innovative design solutions for multi-platforms. specializing in shaping comprehensive user experience for desktop and mobile applications, i have lead user research and strategic design concepts within a team across the design process.   i love working in collaborative, agile, inter-disciplinary environments that stimulate both my technical and creative sides.  specialties   interaction design and documentation  user research, personas, prepare questionnaires, conduct surveys, user scenarios, card sorting, task flows, wire-frames, site maps, story boards, low and high fidelity mock-ups, visual design and design patterns, usability testing.  prototyping & production  low and high fidelity mock-ups on paper, with photoshop, fireworks, powerpoint
a usability enthusiast who believes that business success relies on explicitly understanding user needs and delivering the right product by empathizing with both the business and users to find optimum solutions to their problems that are effective, efficient and above satisfaction.
experienced creative artist,engel & v  lkers dubai,art director/designer,graduated  from faculty of fine arts, talented in design and painting, illustrate character cartoon and animation. eagerness to learn & understand new tasks and technical concepts   quickly and self-motivation and updating technical knowledge.
my main interest has always been in cultural impact of design aesthetics. design solutions and the process of it becomes always an interesting challenge that i love overcoming. over the years i have gained experience in multi disciplines which opens my creative block in many forms  all the way from planning to becoming real things. i would love to work in an environment and community with open minded creative people, who love to take risks and try new and bold measures towards 
a dedicated and versatile creative currently working at the tribe in dubai uae. over 10 years experience working with a broad range of clients, from sme's to large internationally renowned brands in a variety of sectors. primarily coming from a strong graphic design and typographical background, but with skills in a range of different mediums.  specialties include   branding, graphic design, typography, brand/corporate identity, brand guidelines, editorial design, packaging, exhibition design, illustration, art direction and photography.,
sr. ux designer & usability analyst offering over 12 years of expertise in working with an agile environment as ux designer & developer for a wide range of web, mobile and desktop application  currently associated with emirates nbd, dubai (marc ellis consulting). i have been analyzing, learning, and designing both b2b and b2c products. my work is entirely based around user-centric design separated into three  discovery, design, and testing.    key skills   user experience (ux)   ux research   wireframing   interactive prototyping   lo-fi and hi-fi prototyping   user interface design (ui)   user-centred design   information architecture   human interface guidelines   strategic design   data visualization    usability testing   visual design   ux strategy   html5/css3/flexbox   front-end development   agile environment
i'm an accomplished creative thinker, with a keen eye for detail, a strong technical ability and comprehensive understanding of adobe photoshop & adobe illustrator. i enjoy immersing myself in any given design brief with a get it done attitude while not compromising on quality. i   m a hard working and ambitious individual who has no problem following instructions from my seniors & clients. i   m looking to join a creative team of designers, and to work for a company that only hires the best.,
ux & ui designer with demostrable broad experience across web, mobile and apps.   passionate about user-centered design with wide variety of experience working for in-house teams, always working in line with business needs.   specialities  visual design, ux, information architecture, interaction design, ecommerce.,inmaortiz
a solution-oriented, efficient and passionate junior interior designer who is committed into bringing pro-active design concepts to the constantly evolving design world. skilled in autocad and 3d rendering softwares.,kidz inc.
creative design is the process of visual communication and problem-solving through the use of typography, photography, iconography and illustration. i have continuous desire in practicing and understanding the process involved in the cognitive, strategic and practical processes by which design concepts are developed. specifically, how successful marketing strategy are powered by quality designs.  i am available for freelance, partnership or full-time opportunities. specializing in identity/brand development for start-ups and established businesses. with a focus on concept-based design and simple branding solutions.  you can view few of my work below.  design is the silent ambassador to your brand by paul rand  designing various content is my childhood passion and transforming my imagination into computerized content is my profession. with over 6 years, i have experience working in the creative design and marketing industry.  i am a dedicated individual seeking to improve my knowledge and skills within the region of creativity. the following are the expertise skills i have acquired so far  -     logo & branding     web design     e-commerce setup     e-learning design     presentation design     content development     print design     motion graphics     video editing     seo/sem/smm/google analytics     it support  specialties  excellent knowledge of print production methods, corporate identity, typography, brand content / on-line design management, video storyboarding/directing, photoshoot direction, brand team management, coach and thought leader. with expert knowledge of agency and client process, utilizing resources and strategy in ways that benefit projects effectively.  punctuality of deliverable work of mine is accurate and i also offer modification on my deliverable work based on satisfaction. however, co-worker recommends working with me again and highly appreciate my initiatives.  i am looking forward for the opportunity to enhance my creativity and to also add great value to any community of people i find myself. kindly check through my credentials for your consideration and recommendation.   thank you.,
c/c++, python, data analysis (spss, matlab), machine learning embedded programming, research writing and editing ,
innovative graphic designer, creative art skills, highly self-motivated, goal-oriented digital/visual arts over 7 year track record demonstration strong and creative artistic skills, computer proficiency, and ability to follow through on projects from  inception to completion. works many types of graphics such as advertising, branding, characters design, 2d arts & mobile ux/ui games designing which can create joyful digital experiences and unique visual identities that tickle the brain, please the eyes and connect the hearts of brands to the hearts of their consumers.   strong experience in understanding business requirements and create concept layouts and user experience mock-ups based on usability guidelines and also maintained and implemented new guidelines. because of the various applications and designs i have been worked 7 years on a different positions in maysalward & games & communicates with international games companies & middle east games developers, so can easily communicate with ui developers and different teams and product owners to manage opinions and feedback that helps in the process of finishing the implementation in addition to understanding differences between multiple delivery platforms (such as mobile platforms vs web design )  ,and optimizing output to match the specific platform (responsive sites structure). 1 year & up to date in dermazone as directing arts & managing art & graphics lines in digital & printable, web graphic works for medical & beauty products advertisements.
as a graphic designer of over 20 years of experience, moving and inspirational visuals are at the heart of my expertise. with a solid understanding of atl, btl, digital media (including interface design and user experience planning) and conceptual thinking, my passion for memorable and effective communications is what inspires me. in my personal experience, when it comes to making ads, it's only a problem if there's a solution - and in my personal belief, through good graphic design, there is always a solution to anything.  specialties  brand identity, corporate identity, packaging, logo design, campaign advertising, website design, product reviews, adventure journalism.,essammuhanna
talented graphic design lead with 7 years experience in print and web design who is highly motivated, creative, and versatile. especially skilled in creating and directing corporate and new business design. adept at innovating user experience for the web and multimedia applications. exceptional interpersonal skills with team members and subordinates. accomplished at incorporating the desires of the client with a superior design solution. seeking a company that demands high-quality design to further business goals and professional image.  software tools  photoshop, illustrator, corel draw, indesign, adobe xd, inpage, lightroom, ms office  professional expertise skills  digital advertising/social media, reports/layout/book designing, line-arts, events designing, product/campaign banners, newsletter designs corporate branding, logo design, trade show display design, proficient on windows and macintosh os,iarslanmehmood
i have been interested in arts for all my life and to put a lasting my art's footprint in the world is my mission since my young age. i started to attend art school in my birth place prienai, lithuania, since i was 7 years old. after i finished it and got diploma there, i have continued attending the school having additional practice in it till finally i started to attend a private interior design courses in vilnius, lithuania. the courses with best of designers and architects gave me a lot of professional experience and opened the door to interior design bachelor studies in vilnius academy of arts where my passion for creativity provided me with best results of my grades. the studies gave me a unique experience for my career, that encourages me to always seek conceptualism and perfection in all my works while having an innovative approach to a problem solving undertaken in a fashion and creativity.    i do believe in value of international experience and so far i have been working with a few high-end interior design companies for baltic, nordic as well as middle east regions markets. i always do my best to grow in my field, be a creative designer as well as deep and independent thinker always pushing to achieve the best version of my artistic solutions. 
17 (fifteen) years of experience in the field of electrical , instrumentation & control engineering, detailed design and construction support for various projects in petrochemical, refineries, oil and gas industries. task comprise of the following  works involved electrical design calculations, 3d modelling, prepares project estimates, design and layout of detailed electrical layouts  works with necessary interface from the architectural, electrical, mechanical, and civil disciplines  specialties   pdms 12.0 (cable tray design, instrument design & cabling system). autocad 2014 (electrical & mechanical power pack) 2d & 3d. microstation (v 8i select series-2). lighting calculation software   s (agi32, dialux 4.12,relux) for indoor, road and area lighting. etap (basic knowledge ). ms    office (word, excel, power point). spr (smart plant review). navis works.
i am working at pko exhibition&events i am proud to him exhibition designer ,iam industrial designer graduate from applied art . working in industrial furniture & interior design. iam professional in some programme design like 3dmax & v ray render . autocad . photoshop . alias autodesign . solidworks. sketchbook designer . my work design such as ( kitchen design .living.bedroom.dressing room.) . work as a sales designer, meeting the clients and what's there demands and updated with the latest design trends in furniture design.  experienced in using planit fusion  - plan it by programme design  experienced in designing, technical details of shop drawing  experienced in designing, technical details of furniture design,
openers , promo , motion graphics . i have 13+ years of experience in the advertising field. i   m specialized in logo design, branding, magazines and printed designs. also i   m an expert in finalizing the designs and preparing them to the print production phase.  in addition to that i am photographer with an excellent knowledge in image retouching and color correction. i work on all company sizes, and capable of providing creative solutions to their business problems.,
i'm a ux designer with 4 years of experience of product management in berlin's tech scene, driving optimisation, build and growth of user-centric products and experiences. i'm passionate about creating  solutions to create positive impact on the goals of business and lives of users. my background enables me to take a structured, user-centered and research / data-oriented approach to my design process.   always happy to discuss new and interesting projects / ideas - don't hesitate to get in touch!
i eat pixels for breakfast.   design thinker. pixel pusher. dad.  a digital designer in the middle east whom had the chance to do exciting work with award-winning start-ups in mena region and dubai government projects. named and branded customs world   s flagship product - riise. 
experienced design manager with a demonstrated history of working in the construction industry. skilled in tekla structures, autocad, construction, steel structures, and concrete. strong arts and design professional graduated from university of calicut.,
motion graphics designer, painter, street art lover and skateboarding aficionado. i help brands, agencies and organizations tell exceptional stories through designing honest and meaningful narratives able to inspire and influence. 
a brief c.v. an out and out note  think on kata as a think- tank candidate. to find a power proof of him read his post- brexit project. it ensures you that kata would be an outdo option.  1) as strategist  researcher, designer of plans, projects and management systems from 1976 by now. (achievements  know more about publishing more than 250 articles in management, plans, projects, applied management systems, it, a  book in subject of     training scientific management for companies    and lots of plans, projects and systems in international trade.   2) as sales management  making two times a net- agent of distributors across country (within 17 years). (achievements   know more about managing few shops and ordering 5 lines of manufacturing at five workshops). 3) as sales and marketing manager  at an importer company, making a net- distributors (for two years) (achievements  know more about selling a product to end, which was before kata on the ground of zero sales). 4) as investment consultant  for setting businesses in dubai at both  at a company as commercial manager, and at self- employed - simultaneously. (for 8 years). (achievements  know about properties, setting up companies, outlet and imports experiences done within period.) 5) as foreign commercial manager  at an oil & gas company from 2008 by now on a part time basis, cum to other positions at that company as hr manager and strategist. 6) as startups designer  planner of 62 mobile application startups from 2014 to present at self- employed basis. {achievements  at the time being, i am now hardly overwhelmingly on mobile applications startups designing. until now 09/01/2019, nearly 62 startups have been designed, most of them are for the first time ever in its fields. in adding to
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the broadcast media industry. skilled in television, adobe photoshop, branding, after effects, viz rt and adobe creative suite. strong arts and design professional
i am a freelancer creative designer based in dubai with over 13 years of experience.  #freelancer #graphic #designer #dubai #reda,reda980,
my career has spanned over 10 years in the food service industry. over these years i have designed a good number of retail restaurants, 3, 4 & 5 star hotels, palaces and various commercial projects all over the middle east. during this span of 10 years i have worked with architects, engineers and end users to design food service facilities that best suit the culinary expectations. i did conceptual design, floor plans, mep drawings and utility rough-in/ schematics.  i also bring a wealth of equipment knowledge along with an extensive background in project management based on food service equipment installations.,
illustrator mit schwerpunkt auf fotorealistische bis realistische inhalte.  concept artist im film und tv 
experienced senior graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry. skilled in adobe creative cloud, advertising, branding & identity, adobe photoshop, and illustration. strong arts and design professional graduated from alquds college.,
im a true 360   multimedia designer. takes pride in delivering compelling and attractive products to clients and is fluent in all major designs, coding across various platforms.  i enjoys working on projects that involve a mix of graphic design, programming, web development, database management, and socialmedia. having 10+ years of professional it experience as creative designer, user interface/web designer. in depth experience applying graphic design principles to produce innovative, aesthetic and user-friendly web applications and websites. holds a master   s degree in computer science from mg university in kottayam, india.  excellent verbal and written communication skills, creativity, ability to deal with people diplomatically, willingness to learn, team facilitator, hard worker.  skills  website design & development user interface designs mobile application ui design online campaigns social media emailer/newsletters interactive presentations  specialties  user interface design, web / graphic design, web development, responsive html5, css3
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry. skilled in 3ds max , packaging design, logo design, coreldraw, and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional graduated from ghazi foundation.
harmony atelier interior design & decoration,as a graphic designer, i have worked on a variety of products and activities, such as websites, advertising, books, magazines, posters, product packaging, exhibitions and displays, corporate communications and corporate identity, i.e. giving organisations a visual 'brand'. working to a brief agreed with the client, creative director or account manager and will develop creative ideas and concepts. the appropriate media and style has to be chosen to meet the client's objectives. the work demands creative flair, up-to-date knowledge of industry software and a professional approach to time, costs and deadlines. my responsibilities were      meeting clients or account managers to discuss the business objectives and requirements of the job      estimating the time required to complete the work and providing quotes for clients      developing design briefs that suit the client's purpose      thinking creatively to produce new ideas and concepts and developing interactive design      using innovation to redefine a design brief within the constraints of cost and time      presenting finalised ideas and concepts to clients or account managers      working with a range of media, including computer-aided design (dtp  corel draw, adobe photoshop, illustrator, indesign) and keeping up to date with emerging technologies      proofreading to produce accurate and high-quality work      demonstrating illustrative skills with rough sketches and working on layouts ready for print      commissioning illustrators and photographers      working as part of a team with printers
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry.,onnet technologies and innovations llc,graphic designer
certified interior designer with 3+ years of experience creating crisp interiors for residential and commercial use. strong background in project management, space planning and and computer-aided design, seeking to take next career step with a respected design firm focused on creating world-class hospitality and living spaces. with my skill set, i am confident that i can make any client   s idea into reality.
i'm looking ahead for challenging opportunities in a well-established interior design company to grow my career in the right direction. a very good team player, very patient. organizes all the tasks in a manner to meet the deadlines. flexible in ideas as per requirements of the client's nature of project.
a confident, competent and imaginative interior designer with extensive experience of working. having an excellent commercial approach to solving problems and a proven ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces, including structural alterations. an ambitious, creative and dedicated design professional eager to gain experience in a creative environment.  now looking for a new and challenging position, one which will make best use of my existing creative skills and experience and also further my personal and professional development.
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the construction industry. skilled in autocad, elevations, sketching, drawing, and rendering. strong arts and design professional with a master of quality management focused in business administration and management, general from university of wollongong in dubai.
i am an accomplished designer  with a diverse background who is self motivated and results driven with strong work ethics and integrity. i possess over 1 year in fashion designer at haute arabia.  skills   fashion design fashion consulting fashion illustration fashion shows  done my master degree in fashion designing from university of arts , london
four years of graphic design experience in the advertising field, including client needs assessment, layout and design, illustration, and photo retouching. proven proficiency in creating logos, ads, brochures, newsletters, stationery, and publications with experience on freehand drawing and painting. professional and excellent client relations, design, and problem-solving skills.,
i'm a graphic designer. i love design like many people and i can work anywhere on my laptop, i'm constantly taking photos with my phone for inspiration, so really my phone and computer are what i rely on most. on my free time, i go for running, swimming, and sometimes i like to try creating.
i am a mobile developer since 2013, i have developed multiple application for android. i also like teaching and have my own youtube channel, teaching different programming languages and adding daily videos about programming.
a motivated and extremely enthusiastic graphic designer who is versatile and hardworking. i would define myself as a well mannered and highly determined to anything i approach. i try my best to engage myself with everything and always attempt to do the work to the best of my ability.,multi platform network,graphic designer
+10 years of professional experience in graphic designing, marketing & brand management.     excellent command on arabic / english typing and fonts. full branding / brand consistency / brand guideline / marketing / creative writing / print media / sketching / infographics / visual arts / merchandising / guidelines / typography / marketing campaigns/ sketching.     proficient in both mac & microsoft platforms.     experience in digital ceramic printing.     strong conceptual and design aptitude.     expertise in managing and designing marketing collateral with creative ideas including ads, corporate identity, brochure, periodical, newsletters, posters, billboards, pos displays, packages, business cards, calendars, presentations, cd covers, labels, and website templates.      able to grasp and adapt to new technologies.     excellent written and verbal english communication skills.     able to meet tight deadlines and work well under pressure.     a result-oriented professional with a strong work ethic.     ability to handle multiple tasks through excellent project management skills.     able to convert concepts into the artistic design and computer-generated graphics.     knowledge of printing techniques and photography. software   adobe photoshop, adobe premiere, adobe illustrator, adobe indesign
,self motivated, creative and detail-oriented front end developer and graphic designer with strong conceptual and ui design skills. my technical expertise includes fluency in photoshop, illustrator, wordpress, figma, html, html5, javascripting (jquery) etc.   i never met a color i didn't like  dale chihuly
a twenty something architect with majors in interior designing.  my designs speaks out loud of how i am in real life, very joyful & cheerful and sometimes just way too elegant!  i can endlessly talk about life in multi-colours and travel.
interior designer/architect, having completed a ba  in architecture and civil engineering, based in dubai.   mission l to design living your life, where you want it, as you like it, as you   ve always lived it, as you   ve wanted to. leading in style, sophistication, creativity, passion and adventure. aware you are the center of every room the focus of every eye, the fantasy of every mind.
a designer, artist, researcher, and forever a student constantly learning on this strange spaceship we call earth.  a designer knows (s)he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. -antoine de saint-exupery,mirandakk22,
interior designer with more than 8 years of experience in creating and designing commercial and residential spaces.maintained up to date and current with the latest trend and traditional interior concept used in different cultures. has a thorough knowledge of fine arts and architecture.  responsible for designing spaces inside buildings. selects color schemes, window treatments, hardware and lighting fixtures, carpet, artwork, paint, and furniture. works with architect on layout of rooms.   goals and objectives   ensuring management and execution of interior design work (high-end apartments and hotel) in accordance with company procedures, and the requirement of the director of my client. lead a small team of designers (architecture and interior designers) in the delivery of design solutions which meet the client   s cost, quality and compliance requirements-for new-build and refurbishment projects. apply design management procedures to support the design work of the interior design team. coordinate with, and integrate the design of, related design disciplines (architects, mep engineers, structural engineers, and specialist designers), contractors and sub-contractors. provide collaborative leadership and support to clients and colleagues.
cl  ment is a french industrial designer with 12 years of experience.  creative and passionate about innovation, technologies and product development process  he has worked on a variety of different companies including huawei, unilever, lg, samsung, siemens medical in the areas of b2c and b2b equipment such as complex telecommunication and medical systems.  he has extensive experience in design research and user-centered design, conducting interviews and contextual inquiries across europe, us and asia to develop projects from end-user insights to final design delivery.  prior to joining huawei technologies as in-house designer, cl  ment worked in design consultancies frog design and design continuum. he graduated with a master-level degree in industrial design at    institut sup  rieur de design    in france in 2005.,
as a visual designer i help early stage startups with everything from branding, product design, video and investor decks.
i'm a ux designer who loves to illustrate. focused towards work that integrates my skills towards developing interactive design projects.
a professional graphic designer with 7-8 years experience, specializes branding, campaigns concepts, and web design. my experience covers digital and offset design requirements for all marketing, advertising, and e-commerce in both english and arabic.,
i am working in dubai as a 2d/3d animator, graphic designer & digital designer i have done bachelor   s in media science, my majors in animation. my passion is design, photography, traveling, vlogging, and vfx. i am obsessed with these and i love to learn more about it. i over-think stuff, i obsess until things are perfect, i make mistakes, and i fix them. i constantly want to be better than i am and i love art, animation, design & film making. i can make animated 2d/3d videos to publish it on your website, social networks to educate the client about your products about your company or your clients  i can do static & animated graphic design or gifs (social media content, web banners, newsletters) to tell the world about your company/clients  i can do beautiful product/fashion photography and videos project for your clients, i have worked for known names-clients in uae like emaar, ferrari world, subway
interior designer with 5+ years of diversified work experience in fit out, commercial and residential projects.  expert in design, presentation, management, construction detailing and multiple software.
architect & interior designer    a motivated, confident, dynamic and efficient architect and interior designer with an experience of working on many residential and commercial projects, having supervision of the execution on several architectural buildings and interior spaces, a proven ability on solving problems and finding solutions for the renovation works, creative and delicate designer and team leader, now seeking for a challenging position, where my skills and experience will be employed and developed.,
i am a ux designer who specialises in the creation of maintainable, meaningful and beautiful design solutions.,
hi! i'm an interaction designer from italy. my strengths are problem analysis and ideas generation.  after my bachelor's degree in industrial design, i decided to move my university career in the interaction design field (master degree in visual and multimedia design). i have professional experience as an interaction designer working with companies such as fabrica, huge and nokia.  specialties  problem analysis, opportunity definition, ideas generation, user interface design, graphic and interaction design development, team work, typography.,
creative interior designer with a strong background in space planning and contracting, have the ability to work on small and big scales projects, expertise in coordinating all facets of design with a proven success in team working to achieve the project goals and client's satisfaction.
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, adobe photoshop, space planning, architectural design, and sustainable design. strong arts and design professional with a bsc interior designing focused in interior architecture from mangalore university.,
i am a user experience designer with over 15 years experience, with a focus on enterprise ux and a deep knowledge of ux methodologies.      i currently design seamless experiences and user-centric customer journeys using design thinking methodologies at zeiss digital innovation partners, enabling and accelerating the digital transformation of zeiss  speed and  scale.       my scientific background allows me to strive on technical and complex subject matters. my strengths lie in a strong analytical approach, an attention to details above average, and some well-developed empathy skills toward users, stakeholders and team members.       my professional experience spans across the full cycle of product design to create intuitive and engaging user experiences, solving problems to meet business goals. i have participated in a wealth of projects and led teams toward product excellence in various fields such as telecommunication, search engine optimization, legal, education, medical and optical engineering.      i had the chance to study and work in 7 countries over 3 continents and currently live in munich, 
researching, structuring, prototyping, innovating and designing the new age of financial technologies    product design has always been a passion of mine, with more than 8 years experience in the field i do what i love most, finding solutions for complicated problems in a visual way.,fad1988,
experienced product designer with a demonstrated history of working in complex industries like data,  logistics and supply chain industry, healthcare and business. skilled in mobile applications, start-ups, product design, user experience (ux), and user interface design. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor focused in communication and media studies from university of southern california.,ashxadamson,
over the last three years i have developed my skills rapidly in creative print projects such as, editorial designs, branding and logo designs, posters, photomanipulations etc. along with that i, now, possess intermediate animation skills. with these skills and abilities i am confident that i can undertake creative graphic design projects and contribute towards company's objectives.
i   m a motivated product designer currently working with the united nations and i live in dubai, uae. i have excellent experience in digital ui and ux design  i am super motivated by ucd and empathy, to focus on users and their needs in each phase of the design process by involving users throughout the design process via a variety of research and design techniques to create highly usable and accessible products for them. i have the ability to work with many different types of tastes with many different types of teams.,ismail_biltagi,
urban design and planning professional with architecture background having 5+ years of work experience in india and middle east,atkins,urban designer
a confident and creative designer who is self-motivated, self-sufficient and comes to you with a strong background in both print and digital media. i am also interested in growing my skills in a full time job in the field of graphic design.  my u.s citizenship makes it easier for me to travel. i am interested in finding a full time job in dubai.,philosophy 360 marketing consultancy
experienced designer skilled at solving large-scale problems using a design-thinking framework. i love working with product, engineering and design teams to find innovative and compelling solutions with great user experience. proven skills in user research, ideation, wireframing, visual design, prototyping and usability testing.,mr_hakeeb
i'm a creative designer, specialized in web designing, graphic designing and mobile application ui/ux designing. experienced in adobe creative cloud (photoshop, illustrator, dreamweaver, flash, fireworks, edgeanimator, indesign premierpro etc..)  i love building clean, unique, usable web sites, graphic designing and application`s ui creation.  a clear interface has always a more effective way to communicate the message that we want to put on users mind. i strive to create user experiences that are engaging, intuitive and of course, beautiful and always easy on the eyes.  i have a great time working on my projects, i hope users enjoy them too..,shabimohmed,
user interfaces designer with experience of building mobile first design solutions.  perfectionist at your service. making effective design not art.,sharethemeal
experienced interior architect with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. skilled in autocad, hand drawing, sketchup, 3ds max, vray, and adobe softwares related to graphic design. strong arts and design professional graduated from university of sharjah.,
i believe that the right tactics of marketing activities leads to the business bloom. the right image of your brand is the first key to show what you do, and the rest has to be proven by appropriate marketing solutions.  i am practicing on graphic designs and social media platforms, this passion helps me to understand importance of details and make the idea reach to the audience easier - creating art is my joy. i like to be a part of a team that helps each other to find a solution. i care about building good and trustworthy relations with people. ready for challenges and excited about learning new skills. i am artistic and creative individual.  in my point of view, the touch of art and creativity reveals each person as a unique individual.,
i speak design. my job is to use this skill to help designs speak human.  at work, people call me speedy gonzales, but even with my speed, i never forget details that i consider crucial for innovation and pixel perfection.  when i   m not on the job, i love to play video games, hiking, working my way through every recipe in the family cookbook, and indulging my love for seeing new places.  what fulfills me most is finding imaginative solutions for complex problems and moving ideas from good to great. my greatest expertise is in digital design, ui/ux, social media, brand identity design, content creation and advertising.  if you have a project i can help with or you   d like to learn more about how my skills can help your company, please get in touch.  
an honest creative individual that loves to create a space sensitive to the context and is site responsive by making use of both technical and aesthetical knowledge into a design frame.h
i am a designer specialized in creating user-centered designs for the web and mobile applications. i believe good design is vital in any environment and plays a big role improving our daily lives. i love creating experiences for different devices and channels, giving attention to the environment in which they are used in, and pride myself in being able to translate a complex system into something very simple and beautiful.
experienced senior user experience designer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. strong information technology professional skilled in user scenarios, wireframing, information design, persona, and heuristic evaluation.,
experienced freelance architect with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture , interior design & planning . skilled in autocad, microsoft office m lumion , google sketchup and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture focused in architecture engineering from international university for science and technology.
creative interior designer ,i am passionate about service design and its possibility of increasing efficiency for businesses by creating satisfying customer solutions through a user-centered, yet holistic approach. with a background in the fields of media management and design technology i could see a high potential in bringing my areas of knowledge together in the growing discipline of service design and decided to move further into this direction by doing a master degree in service system design.  on my journey to becoming a service designer i had the opportunity to collect experience in different design agencies and consultancies, applying my service design skills to develop innovative products and services for different cultures and contexts. get an impression of my work from my portfolio below.  i feel at home in an international environment, and i am always curious about new challenges, adventures and getting to know inspiring people. feel free to contact me.
passionately curious about fashion, cultural studies, and technology. aiming for culturally relevant and experimental designs while possessing excellent software skills, production experience, and business administration background.
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the market research industry. strong arts and design professional skilled in microsoft word, pre-press, digital printing, mockups, and vinyl banners.
architectural lighting designer with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. skilled in research, autocad, comcheck, adobe photoshop, and adobe creative suite. strong arts and design professional with two master of arts - ma focused in architectural lighting design and architecture from hochschule wismar.
ambitious, tenacious, and well-accomplished user experience designer/researcher with 8+ years of extensive experience in designing digital experiences and front- end development.  vast experience with client and stakeholder relationships, along with project management, leadership and strategy.  excellent verbal and written communication skills, creativity, ability to deal with people diplomatically, willingness to learn, team facilitator, hard worker.  here's some of the courses i've invested in (international certifications)  - human-computer interaction - hci - interaction design for usability - mobile user experience (ux) design - the psychology of online sales,
i'm a graphic designer i take each and every project  as an opportunity to broaden my knowledge and skills. my goals are to overcome my fears and to achieve next best level of mine ,  i am not perfect . so, i'm open to feedback.
always keen to learn new skills.  versatile and self-motivated person. passionate about challenges and pushing myself to the maximum.  right after my bachelors, i started my career with coding for mobile application. computers were always my passion since childhood then started loving and understanding programming during my bachelors.  i became a team leader within 2 years of my career for managing a small team but highly motivated and with plenty of projects.  i have learned to work in small teams with big challenging projects.  have experience in various programming and scripting languages from c++, java, objective-c, python to html, php, css, js.
i'm a passionate designer and artist, my skills are developed over time with hand drawing skills and professional knowledge of all adobe programs with additional matrix 8 training and rhinoceros 3d drawing and rendering,self study
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in archicad,lumion, autocad,3ds max,microsoft office , customer service, sketchup, and adobe photoshop  strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in interior design from jami'at al-yarmouk.,
young experienced architect with 4years of professional experience, working with complex project types across the middle east and india.   my curiosity, persistence and the ability to forge strong connections along with the ability to communicate complex solutions to clients in an accessible, relatable way has led to lasting, trusted relationships with clients such as tim hortons, beverly hills polo club, bottega veneta, jamie oliver, aldo, jucie couture, dubai mall, etc.,  i have gained a wide range of skills in the practice of architecture including building design, interior design, master planning, client management and business development.,
berlin-based ux/ui designer committed to finding the perfect balance between beautiful and clean, accessible interfaces for all. i'm a listener before a speaker, genuinely curious about human behavior and what drives people to do what they do. i am experienced in team leadership, managing international teams both remotely and in-house.
a creative individual with a passion for design, i love to create designs that are unique and set apart my work from others. i always try to improve my skills, learn fast, be innovative and a team player.,
i am a ux researcher and designer with a background in human technology interaction, i serve as an intermediate between technology and people. i work on improving people's interactions with technology and products using user-research and strategic design principles. enhance the efficiency, effectiveness, and satisfaction of technology and products people use every day. i am also keen to look into behavior change, by analysing the conceptual, perceptual models of people when using products and technology.     expertise  quantitative and qualitative user research, ux design, interaction design, service design
big picture thinker, innovator and music lover.  implementing solutions with a positive impact that brings people together.,
architectural lighting designer,  a creative and practical individual who has attained training and education in the fields of engineering and design. specialised in interior and lighting design and has task specific experience in the field. inspired, spirited, passionate about lighting design and have a foundation of technical skills.
i am a berlin-based product designer focused on setting up a collaborative user-centred design process in the agile environment. my strengths are to act upon user feedback in fast-paced environments, working closely with developers and get other team members involved in a user research session
highly creative and multi-talented graphic designer with extensive experience in print design, web design (front-end). exceptional collaborative and interpersonal skills  dynamic team player with well-developed written and verbal communication abilities. highly skilled in client relations and negotiations, accustomed to performing in deadline-driven environments.
passionate about making products like in google's motto focus on the user and all else will follow, i believe great user experience makes the product. from planning to execution, i get excited about how different the whiteboard looks every other day.   making impact i am honored to be a part of the fulbright family, more importantly, i think about making a difference on a daily basis.   curious by nature having grown up as a hoarder of books, i love reading, listening to podcasts, and attending conferences to stay ahead.   motto  my heart is in the work (andrew carnegie).  fun fact  my name is understood better when written as 2rule and i use bob as my starbucks name.,
highly skilled in professional tools adobe suite  photoshop, illustrator, indesign. master   s degree in graphic design. 8+ years    experience in graphic and art design with leading multinational organizations. team player with ability to lead and manage others. diligent, organized with excellent communication and management skills.strong client oriented professional work ethics. skilled in critical team analysis & independent decision making lead the creative artist team to achieve major project objective and involved in organization team building activities.    ,
experienced junior graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in foreign languages, typography, adobe indesign cc, graphic design, and branding. strong arts and design professional with a degree in graphic design from easd val  ncia and dit dublin. an open-minded character and a real team player.,
i am a civil engineer by profession and i have been working in architectural and interior firms, for the past 15 years in india & uae as well.  as per my job profile, i am responsible for preparing the architectural and interior jobs. i have involved in many multi-storied building projects, star hotel projects, metro station projects, small scale building projects, marine accommodation,     offshore accommodation modules, etc.  currently, i am working as an architectural designer engineer in marine construction company in drydocks world - dubai, uae
i'm an architect, interior designer with over 14 years' experience, during that period i was exposed to the various aspects of the architecture and interior design business . i have been working as a freelancer since 2010.  -collaborates effectively with all project stakeholders to deliver sustainably-built facilities that exceed client expectations.  -proficient at completing spatial and aesthetic analysis and determining a design plan, choosing furniture, accessories & flooring and developing architecture blueprints. -efficiently and innovatively conceptualize, develop, and finalize all interior design aspects of projects within the time frames and budgets.  -ability to be team member or team leader focused on assigned tasks within a project.  -coordinate and assist other multi-disciplined project teams.  -comprehensive and problem solving skills to listen and understand multifaceted design problems and issues relevant to client needs . -expertise in product knowledge of interior finishes and furnishings.,
hello, i'm a experience designer living in berlin, germany if you are interested on my work visit luanamoura.com  for 16 years i've been working with design in a broad range of disciplines including information architecture, ethnography, user experience, graphic design, development, front-ending, marketing, and promotion. now focusing on creating customer-centric strategies, products and interactions for clients such as zalando, motorola, telefonica, johnson & johnson, dell, avianca, ef englishtown
by profession and passion i am graduate graphic designer (branding-art direction-advertising) and photographer (nature-film-travel) as well. experienced visualizer with a demonstrated history of working in the design agencies and internet industry. skilled in graphics, photography logo design, and advertising. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of fine arts (bfa) focused in graphic design from college of art and design, lahore, 
creative interior designer with 4 years experiance and have strong background in space planning, computer aided design and architectural 3d visualisation.,future makers general contracting & design company
pursuing an interior design position that gives me a good opportunity to showcase my skills and to embrace my extensive education and work with a design team that will further my experience and knowledge.,arki group design llc,interior designer
a diversified background of over 2 years in the engineering, design and building construction management. experience includes work with consulting engineers, general, mechanical, electrical, and specialty contractors on projects in the commercial, industrial, institutional, corporate,and residential in the private and public sector. this experience covers input from pre-construction planning to start-up and commissioning of systems for beneficial use and turns over to the owner.
i am a ui designer with good knowledge in user experience, always love to create valuable projects by focuses on business goals, users needs, app flow, and simplicity at design.  my process to create any projects  - understand product specifications and user needs. - find creative ways to solve the problems. - create scenarios, app flow, and wireframes. - design the ui for ios, android, and web applications. - create a prototype and screens app flow for presenting the ideas and handover to developers. - after that will start testing the app to make sure that everything goes all right.
leo zakour is a designer, entrepreneur, project manager, product owner, and many other things. currently, he is co-founder and ceo of bons, a leading digital agency of over 30 designers and developers focused on building beautiful experiences for forward-thinking companies and startups.   leo has been a digital creative for 15+ years and honed his craft in roles across ui/ux, digital branding, web/mobile applications and product design. thanks to that wide experience, bons is a full service digital experience agency, combining meticulous, cutting-edge development methods with elegant, modern design.   over the last 8+ years bons has built web applications that help governments operate more efficiently, digital products that increase and sustain productivity, a host of design and development tools, and countless websites and digital experiences.   as a modern web agency, we leverage both our deep technical knowledge and our experience with the newest tools and technologies to build digital products the right way. from fully-coded and custom to low code to some combination of the two, we adapt for each unique experience.  leo is also the founder and ceo of produck
a highly creative, multi-talented visionary having 5 years of demonstrated expertise in corporate brand development, ui design, and conceptualizing innovative design /development. have in-depth knowledge of illustrator, xd, and photoshop. a result-oriented professional who ensures timely delivery of the projects. skilled in all aspects of design which includes brochures, flyers, logo design and all other marketing collaterals designed to strengthen business competence. offers a creative flair, originality and a strong visual sense to the projects i undertake. collaborate effectively with internal & external teams to ensure corporate brand guidelines & goals are achieved.,
i am seeking a position with a growth oriented organization that will enable me to make use of my abilities and education in the field that will offer me to opportunity for increasing level of responsibility and profession growth. my experience, skill, and abilities will suffice your requirement.
electrical engineer interested in challenging job opportunities with high qualified techniques and skills based electrical power and machines engineering study 
a project is successful based on the impact you leave behind and the dynamics within a cross-functional team. i am a committed team player and focused on efficiently doing my role as a ui designer as well as supporting other team members.
i am an independent design consultant, educator, trainer, design leadership coach and writer who helps clients build and grow their own design and innovation capability to transform their organisations.   previously worked at fjord where i was group design director of client evolution, a global role sharing fjord   s wealth of design and innovation experience to help clients build and grow their own capability and transform their organisations. i also co-wrote fjord   s 2019 and 2020 trends.   i co-authored the rosenfeld media book, service design  from insight to implementation and am a rosenfeld expert.   i have nearly 30 years    experience in design and innovation with clients across a range of industries, including financial services, public services, insurance, healthcare, telecommunications, automotive, media, design and education. i hold a phd from the university of technology, sydney.,apolaine
i have degree of bachelor in computer science, diploma in architecture & experience in constructions. i have experiences as building designer, quantity surveyor & estimator, site supervisor, website developer & seo expert. my prior experience was in information technology, engineering and constructions.
i am an interior designer with 10 years    experience plus valuable sales background. i believe that my sales background is a strong point in what i do as i had the chance to directly interact with customers and i learned a lot on how to listen, discover, observe, communicate and respond with best possible solutions for clients.   choosing to practice design as my profession was an easy decision, as my first exposures to construction environment started early in my life, waking up the passion for design- with my father being in the field for over twenty-five years        my design career path is strongly related to interior design products and it is a privilege to work with best known design furniture manufacturers. it is a privilege to be involved in looking after showroom set ups, always keeping client   s interest in mind, as i believe that it is important to make them feel at home and to say    i want my home designed here             i know, designing spaces is not an easy task, but a very challenging one   and sometimes even confusing, considering the abundance of styles and products, issues to address       i do my best to deeply engage with my clients in their design journeys, looking to take them somewhere new, looking to create their own design stories and as a result, each project is different, reflecting their own visions. each project is about my clients.     nothing brings more pleasure then knowing that my clients    emotional relationship with their homes grows and becomes more satisfying with time, living & enjoying the life style that we created together through good design. my number one intension is elevated clients    experience and i love every minute of the whole process! and so, i find my job meaningful every day, realizing i could help others.     i believe in designing with love and that good design should feel un-designed.
i have 14 years experience in german & italian kitchen designing (leicht,deltogo).i was going on site to take the site dimensions for kitchens & wardrobes projects. i have the ability to handle the clients and projects from start till installation of the project.i can speak english & arabic fluently and can handle the local clients.i am working in compusoft winner programme from past 13 years in kuwait with hassan abul company a branch of united supplier (dubai).i was making electro mechanical for all the kitchens in autocad.now i am looking for a job which is similiar to my work experience in this field.,interior  designer seeking job as  show room manager 
web designer ,web developer cell  +974 55922852    seriously looking forward for new challenge.    web develop & wordpress theme developer & with experience.   programming languages       html /html5     css / css3     bootstrap     javascript     jquery     ajax     php     mysql,web-development
8 years experience in ux design, ux designer, user experience, mockups, prototypes, wireframes, sketch, invision, prototyping, interaction design, usability testing, mobile first, user-centered design, customer experience, service design, human centered design, concept design, service innovation
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, commercial design, microsoft word, adobe indesign cc, and sketching. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor interior design focused in interior design from institut superieur des beaux arts sousse.
9 years experience in all stages of analog, rf and mm-wave circuits and systems design     experience in telecommunications standards and testing (gsm, w-cdma, lte, lte-a)     experience in automotive driver assistance and radar (e.g. bsd, acc) operating at 24/77 ghz as well as 60 ghz     experience in tests and measurements (t&m)     skilled at automating measurement setups and system modelling using matlab, python, etc.     comfortable with using ads, mwo, altium, cadence, matlab, simulink, vhdl, and object-oriented programming (java, c, c++, c#
i am a dynamic and ambitious architect with five years of experience on various projects in fields such as retail design, f&b, corporate and industrial. after graduating with a bachelor   s degree in architecture, i worked with design boulevard in bangalore for 1 year during which i have seen many projects through from their concept stage to completion. soon i moved to dubai and started working with a consultancy firm called sm+d as design team lead/architect and later shifted to a fit out firm called evolve interiors where i'm working currently.
i am a freelance digital designer and front-end web developer making brands visible through smart design. with experience at global network agencies and with my personal freelance practice. i have worked across different disciplines creating meaningful experiences for brands of many sizes.   passionate about the intercessions of art, technology, and design. i have taken up web-development and coding to better understand how to tailor my design services to elevate tech companies through ux/ui and brand building - and i   m still learning more everyday.   ive recently relocated to berlin and its bustling start-up scene from where im trying to make the internet a better (and more beautiful) 
artistic approach is a path that leaves many options since the art is what it reflects a viewpoint through the chosen colors. he uses the creative medium as catalysts to uncover the true self.   sijin's relationship with creativity started very young when he was inspired by the great raja ravi varma, and mf hussain. an artist is always in a struggle with perfectionism, and after learning how to cope with the nuance of perfectionism, that's when he decided why.  and that is why he is an artist. he chose this profession because it gives him the power to generate unlimited ideas and possibilities. it is always like coming home to your creative soul. with all the hard work, sijin is the designer  sijin specialised in instilling life into fantasy, he is a multi-disciplined professional with artistic versatility. having hands-on in ui designing, illustrator, painter, and photography. he has worked on web and art projects in dubai/united states/new zealand and even had his own international art exhibition.  with a wide range of technical know-how and the aesthetic sense, he becomes the ideal central resource for creating great visuals and ideas.,sijingopinathan
passionate user experience designer with a strong technical background in computer science. i build prototypes, user flows and other deliverables to help the stakeholders making decisions, cooperate with other colleagues to deliver great products that meet user needs and business goals.
experienced ux/ui designer, art director & illustrator with a demonstrated history of working in the educational industry. skilled in graphics, user experience & user interface, logo design, branding & identity, and advertising. strong arts and design professional with a background focused in graphic design from the art institute of vancouver.,
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of work in various industry. skilled in branding, advertising, image editing and video production. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in public relations, advertising, and applied communication from polytechnic university of the philippines.
due to my experience in production sound recording and sound editing for film, i am the person who acts in dialogue with the production. i have a conceptual vision of how the film is supposed to sound and i can supervise the sound crew accordingly. i have experience lecturing and teaching film sound.
i am a creative person with many skills. i am a very fast learner and an open mind thinker. the way i see and the way i think is totally different from a regular person. i start from there where many people give up. one thing i enjoy most is to break the limit. i love competition because that is the only place where i can prove myself. i know myself very well and i know what i am capable of doing.,colorqo_studios,
beginning in 2002 and spanning over 16 years' experience in the field of civil engineering especially in roads, infrastructure, and earthwork as senior civil autocad, civil3d & microstation technical engineer, including over 2 years    experience in golf course project. prepare drawings, topographical and relief maps used in civil engineering projects, such as highways, bridges, storm water, sewerage, portable water, irrigation / firefighting networks,
experienced sculptor with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry.  software is just a tool - understanding basics of geometry is the key to achieve purity to design.    skilled in autodesk alias automotive. startup-standupjavascript / node js /  react js / redux / mongodb / git ,learning to write programs stretches your mind, and helps you think better, creates a way of thinking about things that i think is helpful in all domains.       bill gates, co-chairman, bill & melinda gates foundation, co-founder, microsoft  i couldn't agree more. learning to write programs is the equivalent of giving the mind a paintbrush that creates in infinite dimensions. at the end of the day, what we're doing in programming is solving problems.   that's why i do it. that's why i have been drawn to programming - i want to have the tools (mental and technical) available to solve problems in an effective, and efficient way that also engages my senses. i want to problem-solve with creativity and logic. i want to create with 1's and 0's.  i see development as a human-centered endeavor via the use of human-created machines.   or, to quote the great michael scott,      people will never be replaced by machines. in the end, life and business are about human connections. and computers are about trying to murder you in a lake. and to me the choice is easy.   - michael scott, the office   (season 4, episode 3)  i have a board of directors in the form of digital and live mentors. i access them through podcasts, books, youtube, and in person. here are a few of the principles i glean from my mentors and things i do my best to emulate every day.   - stand up straight and put your chaos into order.  - do hard things. you'll be grateful for the struggle.  - be kind to everyone. life is too short to be otherwise.   - maintain a growth mindset and stay curious. ( a la richard feynman)  - be engaged in a career field where helping others and providing value is paramount.   - most fear is in our heads. real-life is never as scary as what goes on in our minds.   - everything is data. do not get emotionally attached to data or allow emotion and bias to override data-driven decisions.  - fail fast, fail often
bca student at msi college affiliated to ggsip university, developer | learner | innovative ideas | leadership | positive thinking | curious about latest technologies. 
i specialize in full stack javascript (react.js, node.js) and python development with many additional front end and back end skills. i'm a leader on a mission to create more diversity in the tech and engineering worlds and intend to create opportunities of access for minority populations in the technology sector.
front end developer having 3 years of experience in react js and redux. looking forward to work in an expansive world of technology and explore different state of the art technologies. 
mw recruitment is a specialist banking and financial services recruitment company, dedicated to developing and building long term relationships with clients and candidates through the provision of honest, level headed knowledge based advice.  all our consultants have a wealth of knowledge and experience having worked in banking before transitioning into recruitment. this gives us the ability to understand first hand our products and markets and has also enabled us to develop excellent contact networks in our space. ,
dynamic investor with proven expertise in consistently penetrating new markets to ensure sustainable revenue growth. point of care, health artificial intelligence diagnostics and digital health is my area of expertise. , zinojorio savana venture 
dynpro is a dynamic, fast-growing information systems consulting firm specializing in e-commerce and sap implementation.   dynpro's indian arm is among the leading vendors for the staff augmentation and hiring programs of some of the largest global software services companies.  specialties  a major part our revenues for the lateral hiring business are earned from filling positions for software architects, designers, project / program managers and senior technical and functional consultants for sap. ,
experienced technology recruiter with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and financial services industry. skilled in management, recruiting, human resources, strategy, and technical recruiting. 
around 12+ years of strong experience in openerp/odoo which is world's largest open source business applications driven by ceo fabien pinckaers. - played key role in developing and maintaining various openerp/odoo product modules and integrating them on open source erp environment. - experience on scrum methodology for project management - experience in team building - quick start implementations. - worked on almost all versions of openerp/odoo.  specialities   openerp/odoo business process and openerp implementation. openerp/odoo application support and maintenance. openerp/odoo technical & functional training. business process mapping & gap analysis (functional and technical analysis) , mustufa_odoo 
with over 15 years of practical experience in marketing, ecommerce, seo, and web technology, i understand what it takes to move the needle to drive significant gains in traffic and revenue.  having helped several business owners and professionals with web development, seo and conversion optimization with remarkable results, i decided to create a trustworthy and hard-working team that our clients can rely on daily for their business growth.  together with my team, we will work to shoot your business to the top spots on search engine result pages to enable you to enjoy quality web traffic. all our methods and techniques are time-tested and they produce sustainable results.   - dominate your search results.  - generate more leads for sales potential.  - convert more leads for growth.  so, contact me to schedule a free consultation and let   s see how we can help your business grow online. , youssefhodaigui ,
epa - environmental protection agency, atlanta usa .net architect       interfacing with client to effectively implement business requirements into technology enhancements.      research, analysis, feasibility study, design, document, evaluate software projects.      with the team, define the project and create a design to incorporate the named req. and provide necessary documentation.     developing software components as necessary to meet business needs its project     department of revenue,atlanta usa production support developer.     develop and modify the existing solution using wpf / vs technology.     develop different types of reports  data cubes    ad hoc etc. coding complex sql statements,create new b.o for specific customer                              develop application (gentax) and participate to the testing with the br.     interact with a variety of users to develop technical designs. macromatix, atlanta usa business intelligence web developer, java and .net.     developed custom solutions for specific customer requirements.     performed object oriented analysis (ooa) and development (ood)     participate in code reviews, design discussions, and testing.  css, consulting, atlanta, ga design java/mainframe programs.     designs and codes software application and data server components to develop effective user-friendly applications.     developed integration solution using the eai transport information bus (tibco).  cegelec, paris, france  engineer
economist turned entrepreneur from delhi school of economics. passionate about women oriented ventures in the tech space . i lead content and digital marketing at wedmegood . , wed me good , co founder 
not an influencer nor a recruiter but hey, if you need something specific, please feel free to hit my inbox with a summary. for more urgent response, email me instead. somewhat busy but giving back in ways i can. 
author at  hacking articles  hacking articles is a comprehensive source of information on cyber security, computer forensics, ethical hacking, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.   top 50 infosec blogs digital guardian described by digital guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative infosec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.   top 100 information security blogs for data security professionals the best information security blogs from thousands of top information security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. data will be refreshed once a week.   69 information security blogs you should be reading information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. in an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.    10 information security blogs you should be reading this is our collection of important and informative infosec blogs from the industry   s,
i am competent and skilled security researcher that specializes in all flavors of information security and also a computer engineer. i have been cordially recognized and acknowledged by more than 50 organizations for my work of responsibly disclosing critical security issues to them. i hold many certifications that emphasize my skills as a security researcher as well as an engineer. i have worked with one of the leading security services providers in jaipur as well as in the middle east. my skill set includes  information security analyst  web application security, mobile application security, network security, secure code analysis, , wireless security , ethical hacker ,
change begins at the end of your comfort zone .  bilingual talent acquisition leader with start-up, in-house and agency experience, as well as a demonstrated history of working across the energy, marketing communication, digital and technology sectors whilst residing in the uk, united arab emirates and across eastern europe.   certified aws cloud practitioner who is skilled in negotiation, business development, executive search, technical recruiting and strategic sourcing.   proactive human resources professional with a msc in business information systems from university of westminster and a 1st class honors in business management. 
experienced  manager - human resources with a demonstrated history of working in the us staffing industry. skilled in us immigration, h1b, perm processing, auditing, team management, client relationship management (crm), on-boarding screening, talent management, talent acquisition,  . strong human resources professional have nearly 7 years of experience in staffing industry and progressively experienced in management and human resources. proven ability to work with senior management team to integrate the human resource function within the overall business strategy. ,
he has an engineer brain which helps to understand the client   s problems and work on possible solutions and an mba   s thought process to validate the solutions and then implement the best possible one which is convenient, affordable and solves the right problem for the client. with such education background and 12+ years of experience in sales, marketing, and operations, in technology & product development space. he has a clear understanding of the it industry and smart enough is designing solutions for future problems.   currently solving major problems in the vulnerability management space through our innovative solutions. helping clients improve their cybersecurity posture and maturity index.    being a non-hacker ceo of a cyber security company is definitely a challenging task. but thanks to my team for their fantastic support, guidance from friends and advisors and most importantly my ten years of experience in technology and consulting handling clients, operations & management helped me to sail through the first year.  learning, experimenting something new every day, working with young talented people, making a fantastic place to work for our employees, celebrating even small successes, working through ups & downs, and day by day improving our service to clients     that   s an amazing experience of running a startup. , venugopalrao ,
software engineer with a demonstrated history of work in software industry. skilled in c++, c, c#, java, scala,  spark, sql. i also have interest in  machine learning and nlp.  strong engineering profession with a bachelor of technology in computer science & engineering  from indian institute of technology (ism) dhanbad. 
i have a dream, that is to show that technology is for everyone, i have reinvented myself over the last couple of years, and through tech i see that many people still believe that you need to know how to code, or be an expert in installing printers or formatting pc. i am a great believer that if you do choose to go to the technology market there will be a methodology, tool or a way to develop yourself, you can even apply that to your business and life. salesforce has not only changed my life for good, but also saved it from a different end, i study trailhead, and show it to others, have done multiple lectures and events to talk to the world about how much my life has changed, but they can change too. if you need i am here, available to listen and help, you can do it too! , nassgian 
i am a highly trained, educated, and experienced data engineering professional who has expertise with data analytics, business intelligence, big data, data science and consulting. broad knowledge and skills to develop a data vision, a data strategy and a data culture with a deep experience on how to develop and implement data products and data capabilities. experienced with leading dynamic, cross-functional teams with executing complex data-driven projects. skilled trainer and project leader. experienced in stakeholder management. hold a certification in machine learning and in deep learning.   , aajraou 
penta consulting has a successful track record for providing world-class staffing services to uk and international clients as well as for finding high quality opportunities for skilled technical contractors and permanent candidates. our strong background and excellent understanding of the world   s it and telecom sectors enables us to address core recruitment issues, be fully responsive to opportunities and deliver real added value for our clients.   the only technical recruiter ever to be honoured with two queen   s awards for enterprise     international trade 2006 and 2014 penta is also winner of numerous high profile business and industry awards.  an accredited best company to work for since 2006 with the top three star rating for the sixth consecutive year penta has also been a sunday times 100 best small company to work for since 2009. i have a successful track record of placing skilled technology professionals into systems integrators and itc service providers across a range of niche software and infrastructure roles as well as working with clients to develop and implement recruitment strategies that reflect both market trends and business plans. i offer an excellent service geared to delivering exactly what my clients and candidates need, quickly and competitively. we are one of the world   s leading providers of technical staffing solutions so if you are searching for a new technology or telecoms role or you are a client requiring permanent, contract or turnkey staff in these areas t opportunities at penta  we are always looking for ambitious individuals with drive and good sales skills to join our award winning teams both here in the uk and overseas.
versatile leader with 15 years of management experience in service operational delivery both in-house and outsourced environments primarily pharmaceutical and it solutions. leadership in support and service - multi-site, multi-discipline with international remit encompassing people, process and operational development, set up, restructure and rationalisation.   blending project and account management to clinical operations and customer service with alignment to the commercial strategy and awarded servicemark for delivery of world class service to customers.  i have a personal interest and passion for emerging ai and ar technology including data science to support business process optimisation and customer service excellence. #ono  delivered a 30 second market access video as example among many of enabling market access when time is of the essence. proud to have collaborated with colleagues and external regulators to save a life and deliver this video in recognition of the great work collaborative teams can do. 
experienced data-scientist adept at collecting, analyzing and interpreting large datasets for developing new machine learning/ai models, forecasting models and performing data science/management tasks. have good analytical skills and significant ability to work in team and shared environment. i am togaf certified with 13 years of experience executing data-science, business-analytics and data warehousing projects end-to-end.  core skills  data-scientist, business analytics, data science, machine learning, python, tableau, matlib, architecture, data warehousing, etl, sql,   accomplishments  tableau desktop certified associate, aws certified solution architect (pursuing) python and r programming (for data science) togaf   9 certified. oracle certified associate teradata 12 certified professional  etl ab-initio professional. ,
21 years    experience in it infrastructure and applications consultancy, in which 15 years experience in business intelligence projects.      7 years    experience in entrepreneurship in information systems consulting     7 years    experience in business development     17 years    experience in the bi solution of sap (sap bw 7.0, sap bi on hana and sap bo 4.0)     10 sap bi full life cycle projects in france, uk, luxembourg and morocco     10 years experience in project management and team lead     strong functional skills on sap fi, co, sd, mm, pm, hr and srm modules     experience in variant industries  energy, telecommunication, construction utilities and steel     strong interpersonal and communication skills     strong consultancy skills in large multicultural projects     fluent in english, arabic and french.     uk citizen   specialties  sap bw/bi 
i love to explore how a machine is learning and how can i use my adaptive problem-solving skills to help those artifical brains boost their intelligence. and yes, if you own a startup or if you are hiring, let's connect. i love contributing to the success of these rising champions aka the startups.        why   because startups act like a catalyst for me to experiment with a lot of data as a scientist  while i am still an engineering undergraduate studying computer science from 2017-2021.       where to find me  during summers/winters  you can find me doing internships, research all around india and on weekends you can find me at hackathons, meetups, conferences around delhi-ncr, because i believe in the power of community learning.        anything i did for the community  of course yes, i tried a bit of mine. i take pride in sharing that i brought kaggle days meetup for the first time in india. i also had the opportunity to create a learning ecosystem for 46000+ learners like me.        so what  where do i fit in for you   you need proof from me for that. and as everything is data in 2020 ... you need a person who can extract what data speaks! well, lucky, you found me. i am really good in playing with data, you know!     bonus   i make machines intelligent with my experience as an intern.        what will you get if you choose me   insights from the data that drives & impacts growth for your organization. in short, the real essence of data as required in 2020!        how do i play with data exactly          working with regression algorithms (linear
mba international business at university of greenwich, uk. business is my passion and i look forward in creating a better world with the philanthropical ideas that come with it. 
research interest my research interest is in the  field of ultra-fast nonlinear photonics with covers various fundamental and applicative aspects, in particular the understanding, control and the utilization of ultrashort pulse to probe spatio-temporal complex nonlinear dynamical behavior determining the performance of nonlinear photonics devices like photonic integrated circuit on the chip scale, diode laser with ultrashort laser pulse injection, optical parametric oscillators, delay-coupled diode lasers system, nano-structures of semiconductors. my focus is on the study and coherent manipulation of light through photonic structures. however before such concept can be considered for real applications, fundamental complex optical effects need to be understood. moreover, i have been working on tailoring non-deterministic white chaotic entropy source based on optical perturbative interferometry  for the qkd applications etc. , pkbasoya ,
deep passion for technology and business       interested      business analyst     software engineer       cyber security     project manager     business development      recruitment      analyst     marketing      brand manager      pa     open to unpaid internship within computer software industry.       strong background in sales and negotiation    experienced in and having a good understanding of how to build relationships with clients.    very capable with an high level of accuracy and consistency in all areas of work.   now looking for a new and challenging position, one which will make best use of my existing skills and experience and also further my personal and professional development.   open for opportunity in london. drop me a message and let's meet up for a chat. ,
i have keen interest in technology and engineering & design and i am very very passionate about artificial intelligence,machine learning and deep learning.  note   i occasionally check my linkedin messages so contact me over email or twitter.   about me   deep knowledge of -computer science engineering -data structures and algorithms  -machine learning and deep learning -computer vision and nlp -math (linear algebra and calculus) -probabilities and statistics -good with python , java , c++ and go.  things i am working on are..... 1. applying machine learning algorithms (supervised and unsupervised) on real world problems  2. applying deep learning algorithms on computer vision and natural language processing to solve real world problems.  3. building artificial intelligence on iot applications.  4. researching in reinforcement learning and game ai  since i am into research and development , as a researcher, i always have the desire/urge to share my knowledge so i write articles about ai and ml and i conduct meetups for the same  you can find the links of those down below i love sharing my knowledge , i get happiness by doing it.  when i am not working , i play guitar and make music videos. , mady_ai 
contracting expert, author, and creator of ir35 shield (ir35shield.co.uk) - an ai tool to enable firms to conduct fast and accurate ir35 status assessments.  contractorcalculator is an online resource for contractors, freelancers and the self-employed and regularly receives around 300,000 visitors every month. we have 40,000 subscribers, over 25,000 social media followers, and strong links to national media including coverage in the ft, the times, the guardian, the telegraph, and daily mail. also quoted in taxation, recruiter and accountingweb.  author of ir35  & off-payroll explained (2020), and contractors' handbook (three editions). available in paperback and kindle on amazon.  background  mathematics (bsc, msc), software development for financial institutions.
software engineer with 3 years of industrial experience in software development.   my research interest includes data mining, machine learning, computer vision, data science, and deep learning. 
specialties  start-ups, technology, business consulting ,i started working at deloitte in may, 2014 as an hr analyst in the talent acquisition space for the audit function. since then, i have gained experience in both campus as well as the lateral domains.  before that, i studied mba in hr from mdi, gurgaon(2012- 14). at mdi, i was a part of the student council as well and headed the hostel and mess committee during the year 2013-14. i was passionately involved in playing cricket as well.  i also studied engineering from techno india, kolkata and passed out in the year 2011.   i am a firm believer in building and maintaining long term relationships, something which is of extreme importance in the present corporate world. , kya_baaat_hai 
entrepreneurial, data-driven social media marketing strategist with an excellent understanding of creation, management and monetization of large online consumer-communities. i am obsessed with customers, with quality, and i love to apply consumer-psychology methods and practices to marketing and branding.  i specialize in  content marketing, social media analytics, online brand strategy, business story-telling, consumer-psychology, online community management, influencer and affiliate marketing.  speaking enagagments  pict, vishwakarma ioit, sinhgad coe and cummins coe, tomtom india, securly software, globant india and gs labs. 
julian is an entrepreneur with a long background in online marketing. previously julian founded mash up media, which he built from scratch as the sole founder into a multi-million pound business. it was started with just a   1500 investment and within 3 years was making over   2 million profit per year, (acquired by internetbrand).   julian founded huel, a nutritionally complete food, in 2014. within the first 4 years huel has sold over 40 million meals to over 80 countries. in oct 2018 huel raised   20m (the first external money in) from highland europe to accelerate growth, giving a valuation of   220m , julianhearn 
he has experience identifying and delivering production-ready ai solutions for a business problem. he extensively worked on conversational ai platforms like rasa, dialogflow, kore.ai, etc integrating with various messaging platforms. also, he has experience handling raw, messy, imbalanced text data and builds custom ner, intent classifier using various ml and nlp techniques. also, on semantic search and candidate ranking, and analytics.  he also participates in ai competitions(microsoft india ai challange 2018), solves old kaggle problems and shares his ml and nlp knowledge through writing and workshops in his ai community (colearninglounge.com). he was a speaker at pyconf, hyderabad and active rasa contributor holding    rasa superhero    tag (highest contribution tag). he is a fitness freak and in his spare time, he likes reading books and learn latin dance. , yogesh_kothiya ,
is  the ceo and a co-founder of blablacar.   blablacar is the world   s leading long-distance carpooling platform     a global, trusted community of 75 million drivers and passengers in 22 countries. the platform connects people looking to travel long distances with drivers heading the same way, so they can travel together and share the cost. with the recent integration of a coach network and a commuter carpooling service, blablacar aims to become the go-to for shared road mobility. affordable, convenient and user-friendly, wherever there   s a road, there   s a blablacar.  nicolas leads the company   s global operations and international growth. he drives blablacar   s corporate development and has successfully led the company   s various rounds of financing and acquisitions. nicolas is a strong supporter of autonomous local teams and acqui-hire, a strategy he implemented to expand blablacar   s footprint to a global scale.  prior to blablacar, nicolas was a venture capitalist focusing on consumer internet and telecommunication investments for amadeus capital partners in london, uk. he led or co-led investments in linkdex, octotelematics or secerno (now oracle). nicolas started his career at dicon fiberoptics in berkley, california and spent 6 years at gemfire in silicon valley.  nicolas holds an mba from insead, an msc in optics from the ecole superieure d   optique and an msc in applied physics from paris xi university.  specialties  venture capital, internet/media, telecom. , nbrusson ,
at 25 years old i am a serial entrepreneur and co-founder of goat     specialising in social media and influencer campaigns globally with over 120 staff in 4 international offices.  at 16 i realised the academic path was not for me     i needed a more direct and creative path to success, although the media industry had another idea and rejected me for being too young. so i went away and set up fresh press, a football publishing house which grew, by the time i was 18, to over 60 websites and a bigger digital writing team than the daily mail.           it   s safe to say i wanted a challenge and so i took on my next role as the fifth employee at sportlobster, putting my faith in the sports app startup as their social media manager leading a team of three.                  quickly advancing to head of social  it   s here that i met my goat co-founders arron shepherd and nick cooke.                    we left sportlobster after three years and established goat in august 2015.   in the 5 years since, we have worked on seven figure global influencer deals, operating across international offices     and have over 100 goat team members. with clients including lidl, dell, malibu and more, we   re driving real results in the influencer space          , putitinthemixer 
cofounder of atlan     home for data teams in 50+ countries. on a quest to democratise data for teams everywhere.  previously founded socialcops, world's leading data for good company (new york times global visionary)  awarded economic times emerging entrepreneur for the year, forbes 30u30, fortune 40u40, top 10 cnbc young business women 2016. ted speaker.    writes for fun. hope to become a published author someday  ) realized early that fiction wasn't my thing, so trying to do cool stuff with my life - that someday becomes worthy of a book. , prukalpa 
i write about tech, innovation, marketing, social media, and interesting consumer trends. through my roles across facebook, amazon, and google, i've been fortunate to partner with many of the biggest brands in the world. i now work across facebook   s entire family of apps and services - from instagram and messenger to whatsapp and oculus. , martinharbech ,
specialities  1. technology hiring. 2. diversity sourcing. 3. client management. 4. campus recruitment. , prashantsagar4 amazon , recruiter ,proven hr professional with extensive experience in recruitment and human capital operations. , ntt data services , human capital operations- apac 
listed as one of the uk's top most influential women in tech & an international multi-award winner for her services to diversity & inclusion in industry, sheree ( nirushika) is the head of diversity and inclusion, monzo  board-appointed global ambassador, women who code  contributor, forbes.   currently, she is writing a book for kogan page on diversity and inclusion, to be released spring 2021.  sheree is a global diversity & inclusion leader, having worked in many regions providing leadership and training to c-suite/executive leadership to develop fully formed focused diversity and inclusion strategies.  she has created tailored data driven strategies through engaging all employees, including c-suite, which has enabled authentic change. sheree has what has been described as    infectious confidence with expertise in the diversity and inclusion space   , which leads to the ability to ensure people, of all levels, understand the business benefit of diversity and inclusion whilst becoming champions, in their own roles.   as a passionate advocate for gaining/retaining women in the industry, she launched & led the award-winning u.k. expansion of women who code (womenwhocode.com)
an energetic senior level technical recruiter with outstanding results in exceeding expectations and building relationships with hiring managers, client companies and candidates/consultants.  over ten years of successful recruiting experience ranging from executive level retained searches to enterprise level corporate recruiting.  business skills in problem-solving, turn-around situations, time-management and improving procedures and work-flow processes.  our mission is to bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* through the power of a connected portfolio of digital experiences. our vision is to build and deliver the products, services and platforms that enable nike to serve athletes* personally at scale.  * bill bowerman said,  if you have a body, you are an athlete.     , lorisebestjohns ,
seasoned human resource professional with 10+ years of experience managing the entire spectrum of hr activities including recruitment, employee training and development, payroll processing, appraisal management, claims processing, and f&f settlement. adpushup is currently hiring across multiple departments including tech, ops, sales, and marketing. feel free to check our website to know more about our current openings at  
united kingdom , i love to run and grow businesses by attracting and nurturing the most talented people and obsessing over product.   in my last role as ceo of justpark, i grew revenue over 10-fold in 3 years, built a top class team from 2 to over 40, raised funding from index ventures, and closed the largest equity crowdfunding for a startup in history.   i'm now working with a stellar team at beam  to solve the big and complex problem of homelessness. beam is the world   s first crowdfunding platform that helps people from disadvantaged backgrounds to train up and get into rewarding work. our initial focus is supporting homeless adults in hostels and other temporary accommodation.  i'm also the author of a business book on the sharing economy, the business of sharing (macmillan, 2015).  i provide expert comment on the sharing economy and startups and have appeared on bloomberg tv, sky news, fox, npr, and the bbc among others.   i cut my professional teeth as a corporate lawyer at clifford chance before a stint in consulting. i have a 1st from oxford university in english and got the fundamentals of financial analysis via a cfa qualification.   many people have kindly helped me over the years and i like to give back to the tech community whenever i can. i am very lucky to have mentored some hugely talented entrepreneurs through techstars.  i love to hear from smart, creative, hungry people who want to solve meaningful problems. if you want to reach out and we've never met, 
3.7 years of proven experience in hiring for position like backend developer, data science, data engineering, frontend developer, information security etc.  i take care of end to end recruitment for all technology positions along with vendor management, stakeholder management, compensation negotiation & post offer engagement. added more than 100 technology enthusiasts at makemytrip. also have a strong inclination for hiring best talent for the organization.   extensive experience in handling recruitment drives and active involvement in building the career website from scratch.   i hold an outstanding academic record with bachelors and masters degree in human resources. a team player with excellent interpersonal & communication skills and ability to perform under pressure. 
i'm mad about marketing!   i started my career at google then left to set up brainlabs, a digital marketing agency and consultancy. we're one of the fastest growing businesses in the uk & usa. we were recently awarded #1 on the deloitte fast50 tech track & picked up the 'agency of the year' award two years in a row at the masters of marketing.  in 8 years we've grown from 1 to 400 exceptional brainlabbers by changing the rules of the agency and the workplace.  in 2019 we received investment from livingbridge to drive the next level of our growth. so we're planning to double in size again. within 30 years we'll become the biggest and best marketing agency on the planet.  happy to connect here on linkedin. please send a note with connection request if we haven't met. i do not handle new hires, recruitment or sales pitches. , dangilbertppc ,
dynamic, proactive, people-driven human resource professional. proven ability to provide critical support in development and implementation of hr strategies that achieve business results with diversified experience. self-motivated with the ability to excel in a fast-paced environment, manage competing priorities and adapt readily to new challenges.  key skill   talent acquisition, employee engagement activities, grievance handling, training and development, organization development, orientation and on-boarding, resource management, strategic planning, , induction, employee relationship & career pathway, leaves management, jds/ kras preparation, performance appraisals (pms), exit management. ,
i am a customer-centric, goal-oriented chief executive with diverse leadership experience, gained from general manager, sales, strategy, finance and operations roles.   i have supported national, regional and global organizations, including emerging markets  successfully building and leading highly effective teams to drive growth and market share performance. i enjoy partnering with ceos, executive committees and boards of directors on the international scene. 
passionate human resources leader with a proven track record of building business focused hr practices & teams. an hr expert with over 15 years of experience in the it industry, having worked as strategic business partner and leading talent management, leadership development, employee engagement & resource management. led organization change & transformation & worked extensively in global, diverse models. 
entrepreneur who established the sports nutrition business myprotein  .  he is also the presenter of 'bootstrap your life', a podcast series covering the tools and habits you need to build a successful business, out now  on spotify and apple podcasts.  biography   growing up in manchester, oliver left school aged 16 with one gcse. completing a modern apprenticeship in it, he became a self-taught contract website developer for major global organisations,  before combining his technical abilities with his love of fitness and nutrition to launch myprotein in 2004 with just a   500 overdraft.  as the driving force behind its inspirational and well documented growth, the bootstrapped myprotein went on to become the number one sports nutrition brand globally.  oliver's entrepreneurship skills have seen accolades come in thick and fast, including  ey young entrepreneur of the year, 'rising star' (iod awards), young company of the year (great british entrepreneur  awards) and sme of the year (national business awards). myprotein placed 21st in the sunday times fast track rankings in 2009.  after a heavily contested sales process, including offers from some of the largest blue chip fmcg brands, institutional investors and private equity, oliver went onto complete a high-profile sale of myprotein to the hut group for a reported   58m, which resulted in a combined shares and cash consideration.  he is currently non executive director at the hut group, and ceo of investment vehicle osc group. 
i left linkedin at the beginning of 2018 to accelerate the growth of    sales confidence - building worlds most valued b2b sales community  elevating sales and helping all salespeople at each stage of their career, with their performance, mindset and wellbeing.   the sales confidence membership - a learning and development annual subscription to access mentors, coaches and sales leaders to help you accelerate your career growth.       perfect for you and your sales team during the self-isolation, work-from-home unique situation.  and   #saasgrowthlive - 8th of july -europe   s no 1 online b2b sales , revenue & marketing leadership conference to be held july 8th 2020, global plus mega dj house party 6pm until midnight!   background  i spent over three years as a director at linkedin responsible for flagship enterprise accounts in the uk and europe and have over 10 years of experience in the sales and saas industry. while at linkedin i was no 1 on linkedin.   i speak openly about positive mental health and look forward to sharing more in 2020 as we grow #innerconfidence   we all have mental health we have a brain, emotion and therefore need support from time to time. , jamesas 
a passionate hr professional, my professional journey of 10 years has spanned multiple organizations. i have worked across different industry domains ranging from it services to enterprise software & consumer tech to medical devices. in hr, i have held progressively increasing responsibilities in hr business partnering, talent management and od interventions, leading talent acquisition teams, executive search, employer branding, and campus hiring strategy and execution. , abhishekde18 ,
experienced human resources executive with a demonstrated history of working in the it industry. skilled in research and development (r&d), analytical skills, hr consulting, it recruitment, and adobe photoshop. strong human resources professional with a master of business administration (mba) focused in hr and marketing from global nature care group sangathan institution, jabalpur. ,
a decade of rich experience in managing entire gamut of finance activities including, fund raising, investor relationship management,  accounts, finance, taxation, audit, treasury, compliance and mis in it industry ( products & services domain) ,finance & real estate sector and exposure across different geographies like india, us, ireland and singapore among others.  i   m having a strong academic background and holding degrees of chartered accountant, company secretary, chartered financial analyst and senior management program from iim(a).  have strong understanding of finance function and capable of building up the system right from scratch, highly process oriented and believes in constant process improvisation who look forward to challenge one   s own capabilities.  passion towards photography and travel (just in case you thought differently about finance professionals!!) 
we are oracle service provider and focused on oracle e-business suite, oracle fusion application, oracle cloud application, oracle database implementation, rollout, upgrades and support.   we have an excellent pool of in-house and ready to deploy resources in oracle space.   we can work together on staff augmentation requirements or as your extended offshore development centre/ offshore support team.   our services   oracle application functional and technical services (oracle ebs, oracle fusion application, oracle cloud application) oracle application and database administration services oracle application and database performance tuning oracle application corporate training services oracle staff augmentation services oracle managed services 
experienced senior executive human resources in apac market - skilled in recruitment, information technology, it recruitment, talent acquisition working in recruiting field, where my prime responsibilities include sourcing, interviewing and hiring of it professionals for multiple projects and assignments in the it services industry.  used to screen candidates according to the requirement. i worked with it consultants of various experience levels on .net, java/j2ee, oracle,data warehousing ,bi etc.      sap skill   sap abap, sap basis, sap sd,  sap crm,  sap fico, sap pp, sap bi/bw.     software quality assurance   software testing, manual testing, automation testing (qtp / selenium).     oracle technologies   oracle obiee, oracle hrms
we are witnessing a tectonic shift in business, society and life at large. technology is changing the way we live and work and digital experience is becoming all pervasive. the new-age cio is looked upon as an evangelist, enabler and business partner as enterprises reimagine and reinvent their digital strategies. alongside, automation and ai have become a way of life accentuating this transformation.   rohit, as the chief digital & information officer and global head, wipro holmes    is in the forefront of wipro   s digital journey. enhanced user experience, security, business-alignment with operational rigor are the mantras he believes in. reimagining, redesigning and reengineering the business, his vision is to earn the trust of customers, partners and employees with best in class execution.  leading wipro holmes    artificial intelligence platform and automation ecosystem, rohit is driving the new paradigm of economics, efficiency and experience. as the leader of wipro   s most transformative theme, rohit helps clients reimagine and execute their digital strategies, overcome internal and cultural challenges and make ai and automation all pervasive. with a personal value system of social responsibility along with integrity and empathy, he champions a compassionate and socially relevant face of ai through wipro holmes    for a cause.  rohit has 25 years of diversified experience at wipro, and over the years has held several key positions across sales
solutions architect at aws with a focus on iot. can often be found making weird and wonderful iot demos.  watch my a cloud guru instructor video on how to build an iot lamp which you can control from anywhere in the world  , amazon web services (aws) 
as chief executive officer of stack overflow, the world   s largest and most trusted software developer and technologist community with over 120 million monthly users, responsible for driving stack overflow   s overall strategic direction, results and realizing our mission of helping write the script of the future by serving developers and technologists. lead an amazing global organization of stackers who are passionate about making a difference in our community.  ___________________________________________________________________  previously, served as senior vice president & general manager of rackspace   s cloud & infrastructure services portfolio of businesses, including the managed public clouds, private clouds, colocation and managed security businesses. also held a range of senior leadership roles at rackspace including senior vice president & general manager of rackspace   s high growth, global business focused on the world's leading public clouds including amazon web services (aws), microsoft azure, google cloud platform (gcp) and alibaba cloud, which became the fastest growing business in rackspace   s history.   prior to joining rackspace, was a vice president at barclays investment bank, focused on providing strategic and mergers & acquisitions (m&a) advice for clients in the technology, media and telecom (tmt) industries. was also a manager at capgemini consulting, focused on leading operations transformation engagements and consulting teams across the us.   mba from harvard business school, m.eng in engineering management from cornell university and b.s. in computer engineering (summa cum laude) from the university of maine. married and father of two children. , pchandrasekar ,
thirty years experience in it services, business development, business unit management, client management, and practice development roles.  + proven sales leader with new business development track record.  + expert in leading pre-sales teams for large outsourcing and transformational deals.  + business management experience involving profit/loss accountability for a business unit.  + experience in establishing practices for offerings creation, specialist services and innovation.  + experience in establishing, industrialisation and running service centres for managed services.  specialties  outsourcing and managed it services across several major industry verticals. ,
named one of fortune's most powerful women internationally in 2019, three passions have shaped harriet green   s journey as a business leader over the last three decades  solving complex business problems  creating environments of deep inclusion and building cultures that embrace lifelong learning and reinvention, including ensuring the new skills the world needs.    a global executive who has led business transformations on four continents, harriet has a proven track record for developing and implementing strategies for profitable growth and increasing shareholder value in global technology, logistics, travel and consumer sectors. she is also a life-long champion of inclusion and diversity, most recently featuring in the ft/yahoo heroes champions of women in business list    top 10    for the third consecutive year.  as ceo & chairman of ibm asia pacific, harriet was responsible for driving change and leading some of ibm's highest priority and most strategic business initiatives focused on helping clients unlock value from the massive amount of data within their organisations using cognitive computing. previously, she was ibm's general manager for watson internet of things, commerce and education. prior to this, as ceo of the thomas cook group, harriet led the global transformation and rebranding of the leisure travel company.  an experienced non-executive director for business, government, and not-for-profit organisations, harriet currently sits on the board of singapore   s economic development board. she recently stepped down from the board of ftse 100 bae systems after eight years and immediately prior to that the emerson board. she is also a member of the king's business school advisory council.  she is skilled in transformational change, negotiation, marketing management, business planning & development and coaching. an advocate of continuous learning
currently engaged with securiti.ai as a recruitment and hr specialist. diverse responsibilities centered mainly in recruitment for tech enthusiast in karachi, pakistan.  we are looking to invest in people who will learn and thrive within a fast-paced environment. you'll get to shape the organization, influence positive change and work with some of the most entrepreneurial, driven and collaborative people.  recruiting for potential and enthusiastic fresh and experienced software engineers (all levels), full stack engineers, devops & datascience folks in karachi, pakistan.   you may apply in confidence for securiti.ai
black diamond networks is a leading supplier of critical technical contract talent to north american business and industry since 1999. in keeping with our core values of specialization and knowledge, black diamond is staffed by industry experts comprising 5 technical service teams each with a distinct market focus  engineering-sw/hw  engineering- mechanical  it-boston area  and fda regulated industries.  we also offer direct placement services through an affiliate organization.  if your company requires a specialist to contribute to a project or if you are a contractor who would like to expand your career opportunities, black diamond networks can and will help you succeed.  specialties  embedded software engineering, applications programming, electronic hardware engineering, mechanical engineering, quality engineering, regulatory affairs and validation specialists, information technology staffing services, erp consulting and staffing services   responsible for client & contractor services, event planning, web design, social media, sales support, promotional items, communications, social, business and professional responsibility & development, contractor recognition & loyalty 
waterloo women in computer science , director of outreach .i am final year computer science engineering student from skit jaipur. i have great interest in learning new technology and currently working on python in image processing and detection ,data science and machine learning domain.apart from this i have  basic knowledge of web development (tools  html,css,angular 2.0 ,typescript). i have worked in few startups as data science intern and business analyst intern. i am ardent public speaker and have participated and won accolades in debates,extempore,and model united nation competitions. ,
a  computer science undergraduate student at indira gandhi delhi technical university for women.she is an incoming intern at sap labs. being a machine learning enthusiast, she  has developed 'demographic-based interactive ai screens.her project camcann, was awarded as the top 10 best projects at hackinout 6, india's largest hackathon. she has received a $1000 usd travel grant for the tensorflow dev summit at google,mountain view.  she is a facebook pytorch and intel edge ai scholar. she is also a ml mentor girlsscript summer of code(gssoc'20). she is a volunteer at wids, a stanford university initiative. she is also a global ambassador at womentech network. ,
inquisitive and love to code. my personal blog  deductionlearning.com , ektagoel20 microsoft , software engineer 2 
computer science graduate  certifications  - prince2 practitioner - prince2 foundation - vmware credited professional - data center virtualization (vcp-dcv) - vmware cloud on aws - software defined data center - vmware vrealize operations specialist - vmware certified associate - digital business transformation (vca-dbt) - vmware vsphere 6.5 foundations - vmware technical sales professional (vtsp) - vmware sales professional (vsp) , vmware , solution engineer - commercials
i find great people and find them great careers. this all starts with a conversation. along the way, we'll find it together and uncover their values, personal aspirations and next career move. and if we don't, still we keep the conversations going, because i want to get them there. i'm a data driven and insightful recruiter who is passionate about growing teams and dreams.  i have been growing my skills in full cycle recruiting,a seasoned technical recruiter/talent acquisition specialist with 3.5+ yrs experience in building strong technology teams for startups/tier 1 product development companies.  skilled in souring passive talent for various niche product development skills though various social media channels.  expertise    expertise in   talent acquisition strategy and execution, market intelligence, end to end recruitment, passive sourcing, setting up technology teams from scratch, social media hiring, product/niche skills hiring, technical recruiting, non-technical recruiting, campus recruitment, stakeholder management, candidate experience and engagement programs, hiring manager experience, employer branding.  when i'm not recruiting
backend developer, i   m inspired by building software stack and have been influenced by algorithms in a big way, especially their applications in solving real-world problems.  i started out with competitive programming and participated in icpc regionals. after that, i decided to test my abilities in software engineering, because i believed it would challenge me to learn quickly, and creatively apply my knowledge to help improve our world, in small amounts. i got obsessed with building technologies to help people around the globe using my skills in system design and algorithms. when i work with software development teams, they tell me i made an impact on the company (sometimes even the users), and that   s my favourite part of it.  i welcome the chance to connect with you and talk more about complex problems and their solutions. 
innovating in the new to me means being ever-curious to learn and finding better ways of unlocking value for companies with new technologies and business models.     growth strategy | m&a | innovation | organization design | operating model transformation | global leadership at scale | digital transformation    my expertise lies in taking complex subjects and making them simple. i strive to understand the people who are at the heart of every initiative and bring them together. performing well for clients is a must for me. i spend a great deal of time reflecting on what worked in the past and what failed. history matters. often i am found working on a select number of secret projects that challenge the status quo, and inspire people to think and create new business models.   in addition to helping accenture    lead in the new,    i enjoy serving as an executive coach, advising leaders on strategy, organization design, leadership development, mergers and acquisitions and ultimately, how to be the disruptors, not the disrupted.  drop me an inmail. it would be my pleasure to hear from you. 
i amit kumar currently founder and ceo of oyoeart company. before starting this company, i was doing engineering at srm university.  i have two motives for starting this company. some topics related to business have been learned. provide good service for people , oyoemart 
introducing the free consumer app that puts your id on your phone. the yoti app was designed with privacy at its core, giving individuals a safe way to share personal details and third-party credentials with businesses and individuals.  today, we have over seven million app downloads around the world. we   ve expanded our offering to a suite of business solutions that span identity verification, age estimation, e-signing and ai anti-spoofing technologies. , robintombsyoti 
swetha neethipudi, an mba post graduate with hr (major) & marketing (minor).  writes content on    1) # marketing 2) # hr 3) # management 4) # women empowerment 5) # societal issues 6) # health, nutrition & exercise.  ~  a self driven individual who is interested      in learning, adapting, sharing & creating      the new. ~  a person who always wanted to be the      best version of herself was inspired by      mother teresa, nelson mandela,       thomas alva edison, steve jobs,       a.p.j abdul kalam......... ~  i believe in integrity, confidence &       hard work. ~  and i am a      #i can, #i will, #i must, #i should do      type of a person.  i believe in the    ~   impossible to become possible.  ~   believe in yourself, you shall become       unstoppable.  ~   be the best version of yourselves.  ~   i can do all things through god, who can       make the impossible, possible.  ~   i believe in centralization rather than       decentralization of work. ~   im a person who tries to grab / create the       opportunities, rather than wasting for       one. ~   my source of inspiration & strength is       derived from the | *word of god |        my roots & wings,        drawn | *from my parents |  my philosophy     ~ good things come to those who believe, ~ better things come to those who are      patient
innovating, entrepreneuring, and investing in disrupting ventures in deeptech.   ex-assistant professor at aalborg university in copenhagen, 15+ years of experience in ml/ai.  passionate about changing the world through technological innovations. believer in the power of data and ml and their revolutionary impact on the future.   inventor on many patents. author of 50+ publications cited thousands of times. main author of  procedural content generation in games , a book on generative ml systems in games.   mit innovators under 35. awarded the cogx rising star award by the former british prime minister. featured in wired. named one of the top leaders in ai healthcare by forbes. bbc 100 women 2019. winner of multiple best papers and grants during my academic career. , noorshak ,
good programming skills, experience in computer science, and a solid basis in an engineering discipline. - strong problem-solving ability.  - i love to work on projects that are simple and useful. - ardent sports fan and take great joy in swimming and cycling. - contact ~ aadesh17c [at] iiitt.ac.in - github ~ aa25desh 
i'm a smart & kind engineering leader who enjoys operating at the intersection of tech, product and delivery. my speciality is building happy, high performing teams that deliver quality work. ,
is the chief executive officer of sage group plc.   steve joined sage in january 2014, having previously been operating partner and co-head of the portfolio support group at the private equity firm apax partners, which he joined in 2009.  prior to this he built over 10 years    experience leading the finance function for three listed uk companies culminating as cfo for ftse 100 company invensys plc, the global technology-related business, from 2006 to 2009. between 2004 and 2006 steve was group finance director for spectris plc, the ftse 250 precision instrumentation and controls company and from 1997 to 2003 he was with marconi plc, acting as cfo from 2001.  steve is passionate about transforming the way people think and work so their organisations can thrive. he is a proud supporter and volunteer of  cvyp0 and  sagefoundation.
is to make managing data easy. we put data into the hands of the end user, no matter the quality or format. live in 24 hours, and without projects. wherever data is duplicated, not normalised, of poor quality, or in need of comparison, duco is the solution. , cnentwich 
building a new and better way for companies to run payroll.london-based entrepreneurial and international senior manager with strong experience developing blockchain, ecommerce, web and mobile services with extensive strategic background.   currently co-founder and ceo at argent labs, building a safe and easy access to a new decentralized web.   prior to argent, built peak, the leading mobile cognitive training platform with more than 50 millions users, sold to lagardere in 2016.  worked at visa europe as senior manager of ecommerce products, managing the development of v.me, visa's new epayment solutions.  i gained strong web product management experience at amazon.com where i launched new product lines in the uk and developed france pricing strategy and operations.   i developed a strong strategic background by working 3 years as a consultant for the boston consulting group across many industries and practices.  specialties  blockchain, startups, product development, customer acquisition, strategy , itamarl 
hqz services , bench sales recruiter \ it recruiter .the frolo app connects single parents to like-minded single parents living in the same area, and to the wider frolo community. frolo is the first community and app of its kind, globally, for single parents. available for download on ios and android devices.   as seen in   grazia, the telegraph, the guardian, the irish times, the evening standing, sunday times magazine and sunday times style magazine, the telegraph, hello magazine and sky news.  named in 'new apps we love' category on the appstore! ,
i am a final year undergraduate(2017-21) with a keen interest in exploring everything around. my hard work, analytical skills, and enthusiasm to take challenges every day have worked as a perfect package for me to handle multiple domains including software development, business management, and digital marketing.   i am most accurately identified as a renaissance soul!  the following personal characteristics have helped me throughout my experiences    - passion for problem-solving  i will be helpful in analyzing the bigger picture of the problem faced by the team by dividing it into smaller solvable modules, both qualitatively and quantitatively, backed up by facts and not only gut.  - getting things done attitude  i have around 1 year of startup experience so i know what it means to wear many hats, how to deal with close deadlines, failure management, and how to learn and adapt to change effectively according to the client   s requirements to complete the task in hand.  - communication skills  i have been seen as a public speaker and a leader which will help me facilitate the two-way communication process in any team in terms of both, verbal and non-verbal communication, which is one of the most important things nowadays. 
i   m an entrepreneur, passionate about technology and building impactful solutions that improve the way we live. always keen to interact with other entrepreneurs and investors in the tech community and explore new ideas. i am also dedicated to learning about and investing in solutions to lift people out of poverty, particularly in the developing world. ,
i am a creative director with extensive experience in web design, app design, web development, app development ,marketing/branding and seo. exceptional collaborative and interpersonal skills, well-developed written and verbal communication skills. has worked in small and large corporate in-house team as well as agency environments. i thrive on the challenge of every project and forming the best strategy for moving forward. passionate about design and marketing  accustomed to performing on deadline-driven projects and working within client budget requirements.  experienced creative director with a demonstrated history of working in the medical device industry. skilled in search engine optimization (seo), php, wordpress, web design, and cakephp. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer science from ohlone college. ,
is the founder and cto of mad street den, an artificial intelligence company, powering the retail industry with its image recognition platform, vue.ai.   anand comes from a long history in academia, with a phd in neuroscience, a post doctoral fellowship in neuromorphic engineering at stanford. as a neuroscientist turned entrepreneur, he develops a platform for intelligent agents  madstreetden.   the company is headquartered in the bay area, california with offices in seattle and chennai (india). vue.ai, the company's first vertical, works with marquee retailers, brands, and marketplaces across the globe, transforming the fashion industry's operations through intelligent automation.  mad street den's backers include sequoia capital, exfinity ventures, kddi - global brain japan, and rocketship vc. ,
digital transformation leader - leading companies through product, technical and commercial transformation.  experienced chief technology officer, chief operating officer, executive and non-executive director with strong business development and professional skills in technology & engineering strategy and operation, product management, business operations and transformation strategy. 
i work on airstreet.com ,machine learning overfits and underperforms for challenging problems. on a mission to develop causal ai.   improving our world, one time-series at a time. , causalens 
as president of services, i am responsible for driving strategy, execution and growth across sap's global services business. my career has spanned all facets of enterprise software, focusing on driving customer adoption and ensuring customers extract maximum value from their technology investments.  my passion is optimising and scaling businesses, which has provided me with broad experience in designing and dominating market categories across the enterprise software market. in my spare time i work in board advisory capacities with technology start-ups, guiding them through the bliss of winning and the pain of failure.  i started my professional career in the united states army, the ultimate school of hard knocks for strategy and innovation. this public service experience paired with my learnings from the commercial world has made me the leader i am today. ,
proven global executive with focus and expertise in driving shareholder value through a motivated and excited organization. , servicemax , ceo 
co-founder, partner, and co-executive at code & pepper. head of the marketing department. mindful observer. sensitive decision-maker. people lover. ,
business consultant || rpa solution architect || robotics developer || mvc 5.0 || uipath || automation anywhere || robotics process automation || analytics || rpa business analyst || c# || asp.net || sql , uipath , business analyst - robotic process automation 
greater london, united kingdom , editor of leading industry newsletter recruiting brainfood  friends  i have hit the 30k connection limit and can no longer accept requests! i believe you can still follow this profile and message me on here afterward  and the weekly newsletter is the best way to stay in touch - you can email me after receiving it. thanks!  i am in recruitment industry professional with over 15 years experience as an agency recruiter, recruitment manager, internal head of talent, recruitment trainer, founder of award winning online recruiting platform workshape.io, and now editor and community builder at recruiting brainfood - the best weekly newsletter in recruitment. , hunglee 
my professional interests lie at the intersection of technology, ethics and public policy. a very enthusiastic tech entrepreneur with a versatile experience of more than a decade in tech industry. doctorate in artificial intelligence(robotics) from stanford university, california. ceo and md to kmi group of companies and a partner/advisor in many it companies worldwide. also a member in delhi chamber of commerce and an advisor to ministry of electronics and information technology india. , kmi group of companies 
open source enthusiast and developer | researcher  ltrciiith  midasiiitd | android | nodejs | computer vision | loves to code at competitive programming challenges and solving algorithmic problems | attending and organising hackathons | gsoc'17 | mentor at google code-in  fossasia  tensorflow | nlp | machine learning and deep learning trainer  wac | mentor  gssoc , linkedin , software development engineer (big data infrastructure) 
i have been in the it services industry since 1985. i have played various roles starting from being software developer to leading engineering teams to develop products and provides services to customers.   in 1999, the entreprenurial bug bit me as well. along with a set of like minded professionals, we started mindtree. and seven years of hard work and good, clean fun, we were listed in the indian stock exchange in march 2007. we became, i think, the first vc funded it services company to be listed. have played various roles in mindtree - as we evolved from a startup to a young adult ! the roles were quite varied from heading global delivery & operations, to service line head. i became the coo in 2013, a position i held till july 2019. during these years, we built on our strengths and increased our capabilities and our our capacities. we became a usd $1 billion revenue company on fy19 - a great achievement from a vc funded startup to a billion dollar enterprise.   my last role in mindtree was exec vice chairman of the board and coo. ,
i lead strategy, go-to-market, innovation services & solutions, ecosystem, cloud experience and education for sap services. our focus is on creating and commercially delivering the vision and strategy for sap's global customer success services business. together with our ecosystem, our purpose is to create valuable outcomes and experiences for all of our customers, helping them build their future business through the lens of their economic, environmental and societal impact and contribution.   as a member of the sustainability and ai ethics councils at sap, and as a keen diversity and inclusion advocate, i am a strong believer in technology as an enabler for delivering a better world. , maggiebuggie 
appyway. the champion of the kerb.  we   re kerb obsessed. it began when we launched appyparking, the tool that makes parking easy for everyone. by working so closely with local authorities, we realised the huge, untapped potential lying right under all of our feet. the humble kerb, with the power to transform our cities. right then appyway was born.  now armed with best-in-class kerbside data, apis and full stack management systems, we know kerbs are our key to tackling urban issues of modern-day living  congestion, mobility, pollution, even dying high streets.  what was once just a kerb is now a commodity. , appyparking 
looking out for interesting early-stage tech enabled startups across sectors. head of instruction for data science, analytics and full stack development | former vp of digital technology at npr | wac global digital ambassador | voicebot.ai top influencers in voice | alexa conference  executive of the year  | venturebeat   s women in ai award for ai mentorship   i am a leader who creates clarity, leads with empathy and delivers results. i am a leader who acknowledges the work of my teams, inspires and supports innovation and fosters a growth mindset. intentional, mindful leadership is the new normal.  i perform keynotes and workshops internationally. topics include     conversational ai and voice development    ai for all  how ai is changing the landscape of business and development    mindful leadership    personal brand building for technologists  i specialize in delivering results for technology companies in the areas of conversational ai, intelligent apps and agents, cognitive search and knowledge mining, responsible ai practices and the democratization of ai.   i am passionate about using machine learning to solve business and world problems, and share those learnings with developers to empower everyone to achieve more!  my certifications and honors  top 44 leader in voice, top 3 in influencer category by voicebot.ai venturebeat  women in ai awards, ai mentorship award alexa executive of the year  voicefirst's alexa conference subject matter expert in creation of the aws alexa skill builder exam performance excellence award for highest influenced revenue - microsoft ebc create clarity award for distinguished leadership at microsoft microsoft community champion 2018-19 aws certified cloud practitioner aws certified solutions architect- associate certified content marketing specialist certified customer acquisition specialist ibm certified solution designer ibm certified systems expert- websphere application server and others... , noellesilver_ ,
accomplished senior global sales executive who is passionate about the intersection of technology and customer success.  i believe in mission driven companies who are driven to change the world for the better through their innovation and execution.  i believe doing the right thing is the most important thing, and leads to long term sustainable growth and evangelically happy customers.  i believe the highest performing teams deliver because they feel inspired to choose to give their best     and it   s the leader   s responsibility to create a positive environment to foster those results.  expertise includes leadership roles across  global sales     direct, indirect & oem  professional services  customer success  support  training  business development, strategic alliances, enterprise and mid market b2b software  operations & strategy. , caroleegearhart ,
co-founder & ceo of snyk, building developer first security tools to help you use open source and stay secure.technology limited is a regulatory technology business (regtech) with a mission to help financial institutions comply with their regulatory requirements whilst saving costs, eliminating operational risk, providing full audit trail and enhancing customers' journeys.   taina's fatca and crs platform provides seamless online and paper form validation for all types of fatca and crs forms with optional qualified intermediary logic including double tax treaties and withholding taxes. taina can also take care of all all  fatca/crs validation needs of a financial institution via in-sourcing.  the online part of the solution provides fantastic customer experience whilst maintaining robust compliance and governance, fitting the existing processes of the financial institution.  taina's automated tax form validators are patent pending in the uk and the us.
machine learning software engineer  - 5+ years of experience of hidden markov models and lstm network in the context of computer vision    - full stack c++ and c# 5+ years of experience with image processing experience    - ui/ux engineer    -very experienced onboarding experts to help us develop awesome onboarding platforms - consultancy roles.  we are growing and new positions are opening up  -   taina on stackoverflow  
do you work with inside sales reps, helping them to have better, more successful cold calls, discovery calls, demos    with remote working the new norm, are you struggling to review their calls/ demos and ensure reps are maximising every sales opportunity    -  sales leader or sales trainer  scroll down!   -  sales leaders  do you find yourself frustrated, that so much of your revenue comes from a disproportionate number of reps in your team, i.e your    top performers       do you lack true visibility into why some of your team's sales conversations are successful and others aren   t    does it take you too long to onboard new hires and get them contributing to your team quota    sales leaders have adopted our coaching platform to unlock the hidden value tucked away in their team's sales conversations, our tech and ai insights provides instant clarity into what makes your top performers more successful and enables you to coach your entire team have better, more effective conversations with their prospects.  -  sales trainers  we work with successful sales trainers who make good money servicing their clients and yet they   re always looking for ways to add extra value to their training, further embed their coaching and profile back tangible results to their clients.   our digital coaching platform unlocks an additional way for you to add value to your clients and their reps and amplify your current methods without further increasing the unscalable business model of exchanging your time for money!   our sales coaching platform enables sales trainers to re-enforce their workshop content, profile the impact and roi from their services as well as coach phone, email, demos and/ or field reps competence at a distance in a time effective manner.    if you   d like to harness our tech and enhance your services, further profile back the behavioural change your training has had on your customer's reps, give a clearer roi and create, longer lasting    sticker    relationships with your customers scroll down for my details
ai enthusiast | product guy | ai tech inventor- developing technological capabilities for tomorrow, today! presently developing a sufficiently advanced technology. connect! .irect target solutions inc. , executive sales representative 
a professor in the school of computing at edinburgh napier university, and a fellow of the bcs. he was appointed an officer of the order of the british empire (obe) in the 2017 birthday honours for services to cyber security. in 2018 he has presented with an  outstanding contribution to knowledge exchange  award. bill is the first person in the uk to be awarded an obe for services to cyber security.  currently, he leads the centre for distributed computing, networks, and security and the cyber academy . bill has also published 28 academic books and over 260 academic papers.  his main research focus is on information sharing, such as using trust and governance policies, threat analysis, cryptography, and triage within digital forensics. this has led to several world-wide patents, and in three highly successful spin-out companies  zonefox   symphonic software   and cyan forensics   bill regularly appears on tv and radio related to computer security and has given evidence to both the uk and scottish parliament. he has been named as one of the top 100 people for technology in scotland for every year since 2012, and was also included in the futurescot  top 50 scottish tech people who are changing the world . recently his work on secret shares received    innovation of the year    at the scottish knowledge exchange awards, for a research project which involves splitting data into secret shares, and can then be distributed across a public cloud-based infrastructure. he was also included in the jisc top 50 higher education social media influencers, and has an extensive online presence, including with asecuritysite.com. , billatnapier ,
i'm the  chief feedback officer  at howamigoing and i lead a team of amazing, intelligent, caring and funny  howmies .  together, we help companies do away with pointless  tick-the-box  performance reviews.  our unique employee performance platform provides year-round management of feedback, goals and development conversations.   my most popular (and controversial) article is below - take a glance! , howamigoing 
we know data and reporting are painful. you can't get the data you need, where you want it, when you want it.  all that changes with kleene.ai. build out your business-wide data programme in a matter of weeks - we promise it's that easy!  kleene.ai is the world   s first fully-automated, single-platform tool from data source to warehouse.  no human engineering. any or all best-in-class modules.   kleene.ai fully automates the extraction, load, transform, dependencies, modelling and version control processes  meaning analysts can access data and provide insight at the speed of thought.  your end to end #dataengineering process.   kleene.ai is #foranalystsbyanalysts ,
hey, i'm tom... i  build and grow software businesses.  before that i studied chemistry   imperial college london and followed the herd to a management consulting job in the city of london.  i got bored, built a marketplace connecting online entrepreneurs and virtual assistants from scratch whilst travelling the world and sold 90% of it.   i now   - build the b2b podcast host  bcast - help saas businesses grow with a very specific process - host the confessions of a b2b marketer podcast - write saas growth case studies ,
i have never found myself being a fan of mediocrity and i tried to develop the habit of facing and overcoming challenges to learn more and to achieve more!  i love computer science and engineering. that is why i studied software engineering as an undergraduate student.  later, i found myself gravitated toward the world of data mining. this quotation stuck with me   we're drowning in data, but starving for knowledge!  i applied and got admitted to the best university of my home country to study data mining, machine learning, pattern recognition, etc. i broke out of my comfort zone and lots of great things have happened since then. i earned my master's degree in artificial intelligence and i ranked 1st among all computer engineering graduates.  as one of the novel and challenging applications of machine learning, i chose to study dna microarrays of cancer tumors in my ms thesis. this opened the door for me to the interdisciplinary world of bioinformatics. i applied to usc which has the oldest and one of the most reputable computational biology and bioinformatics programs in the united states. i was honored to win the usc provost's phd fellowship which is the most prestigious university-wide fellowship.  shortly, i found that statistics plays a very important role in this field and to better understand and apply data analysis and machine learning algorithms, i need to better know the underlying statistical concepts. i embraced this challenge and i earned a master   s degree in statistics in parallel with my phd studies on computational problems in metagenomics.  i believe i am a good team player and a quick learner. i have always developed myself to be hard-working, goal-oriented, self-motivated, and good at creative and critical thinking. now, i am so excited and passionate to use my extensive academic training to solve real-world problems in the industry and i enthusiastically believe the upcoming challenges help me grow further and bring more value to my career. , sap , president
mads faurholt is a successful serial entrepreneur, ceo, chairman, board member, bestselling author, and keynote speaker.   mads runs a modern-day holding operational company referred to as our group, with companies across financial services, recruiting, education and conferences. together with his team, he consistently looks for opportunities to start and partner with companies, in order to expand the group's impact.   while mads build companies to keep them, he has done several successful exits of companies he founded, including selling lion & lion to a large listed agency group and compare asia group to a larger insurer.   mads co-authored the bestseller    entrepreneur - building your business from start to success    with lars tvede. the book which has been sold in over 20 countries, in multiple languages, was made after a deep desire to share some of their experience towards building a company - some see the book as a start-up manual.   as a well-respected entrepreneur with multiple success stories, mads is a frequent contributor in various news shows and magazines.    mads lives in london with his son theodore. 
specialties  end to end recruitment,head hunting/mapping,process driven,multitasking,quality delivery,presentation skills,detailed interview skills,commitment to deliver on time or against a given time frame. ,
high-energy, results-focused executive who brings a diverse background in technology and systems/management consulting to the cloud. i have a track record of building business that prove others wrong while proving the teams within the business right in maximizing their potential and exceeding expectations.  i currently lead an international organization of sales, business development, technology specialists, and program/business analysts focused on expanding aws business throughout europe, the middle east, and africa (emea) while accelerating adoption, usage, and revenue growth in these geographies. my organization owns aws emea market segment strategy (enterprise, isv, game-tech, smb, and digitally-native organizations) along with owning our customer engagements focused on large-scale migrations, greenfield acquisition, digital innovation (using amazon   s working backwards strategy), vertical industry specialization, cloud economics
technology, startups, innovation, economics, finance and history.   founder of peerindex which processes social data using machine learning to identify novel, actionable signals. startup after management, founder, and adviser roles at seedcamp, esouk, ami software, planetout, daylife, evi & others.   invested in more than 20 early stage companies, with several exits. product launches and innovation after launching products / running innovation programmes at the bbc, reuters, the guardian and the economist. formerly a correspondent at the guardian and the economist   i've spoken at business schools such as harvard business school
sherry founded the worldstone group in 1994, a global it managed service provider that was acquired in 2012 by a major global carrier. her reputation has been built on helping businesses to accelerate their growth, and to achieve their objectives, by implementing digital strategies and adopting innovative technology when the timing is right for their organisation.  with xalient, sherry has hired a world-class leadership team with the goal of delivering caring yet robust managed services to support large enterprises. her aim with the company is to ensure that xalient remains a progressive and modern organisation, fostering a customer-centric, open and agile workplace that empowers the xalient team to deliver creative solutions with operational excellence.  sherry recognises the tremendous value that women can bring to the it world and remains committed to closing the gender gap in this traditionally male environment. 
strategy executive, data scientist with experience of digital transformation.  experienced with  artificial intelligence, covering machine learning and deep learning  strategy, digital marketing, corporate development, m&a  5g, security and data-driven decision making  ,
i'm the cold call king. scratch that, i'm just an ordinary guy who cold calls as part of my living. the only time i feel like an actual king is when i make a human to human connection with a complete stranger, which isn't often enough, but when it happens, it's one of the best feelings in the world. it's not like holding my kids tight, or kissing my wife or running buck naked in a dew-covered meadow of marigolds...but connecting on a call in a very real, human to human way with potential new customers, is right up there.  a year ago, i started recording real life (just me) videos of my cold calling escapades and posting them here. i see it as a warts-and-all exhibition-of-a-thing i've come to understand, respect, and constantly want to improve. see my activity section for the latest hits and misses.  my role with bridgepointe technologies is predicated on saving you time, stress and money. while helping you make better and more informed it decisions. for the last 12 years, i   ve acted as a bridge between client companies and suppliers.  as a vendor neutral it strategist (aka technology matchmaker) we have non-exclusive relationships with over 100 competing suppliers in the areas of colo, cloud, ucaas/ccaas, sd-wan, connectivity, and managed security.   put simply, we help you choose the right solution
sylvera brings transparency and efficiency to the global carbon markets.   super happy for great individuals who want to work in this space to reach out about opportunities.   **no recruiters or outsourcing agencies thanks** 
bharat gulati is founder/director of crownstack, a leading design and development agency based in india that creates amazing apps for companies such as mercedes benz, uber and aon hewitt. as a visionary in user experience and mobile strategy, bharat has focussed his company into producing apps for and consult cxo's around the world to help create their product roadmap.         prior to starting his venture, he worked at new york based development agency fueled.  keywords  mobile development, web development, ios development, android development, location based apps, cloud based, product management, agile, scrum, enterprise customers, award winning apps, product strategy, delivering enterprise. , bharatgulati ,
7+ years of rich experience in automation testing and quality assurance.  experience in digital and retail testing domain. performed end-to-end testing of website, mobile,tablets and kindle applications.  extensively worked in agile methodologies with rapid changes and in the fast paced environments. capable of working efficiently under stress and tight deadlines. ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously. expertise in defect tracking tools like qc, jira and test case management tools like jira, testrail and zephyr.  experience in creating automation framework form scratch using selenium webdriver, sahi pro and protractor. extensive knowledge in core java and java script. hands on experience in ci/cd processes- maven and jenkins integration. automation of rest api using rest assured.  specialties  java, java script, protractor, selenium web driver, sahi pro, test framework development. 
i'm always up for any opportunities or for collaborations in tech or just discussing anything interesting, (dms open)  i am a results-driven entrepreneurial product leader who is passionate about building simple, beautiful and usable products that consumers love. i spend most of my time thinking about education, urban cities, startups, productivity, and reading books.   as a product manager, i want to help people overcome fuzzy human protocols and leverage technology to make the world a better place. i posit that process kills efficiency and simple is always better. i design, code, write, read, speak, learn, and listen. most of all, i am as passionate about my craft today as i was when i wrote my first line of code.   some words that tell a story   - product management, product design, strategy, ux, city-tech
global marketing & demand generation leader| software product, platform marketing and it services marketing leader| brand custodian|~100 million$ and 1000 crore market cap|enterprise saas&paas marketing|positioning expert| mind share & wallet share| digital transformation | corporate development | investor communications | strategic alliances || speaker, blogger & technologyevangelist | startup advisor, mentor, investor| csr leader.  leads the global demand generation teams supporting the 100 million$ business portfolio through integrated marketing and demand generation efforts. runs the global strategic partnerships and alliances teams. return on marketing investment of 5x year on year for the last 5 years. part of the executive team that has scaled the organization from 200 to 2000+. drives corporate annual reporting & the csr initiatives.  --awarded by bbc knowledge and cmo asia as the greatest marketing influencer of 2017. also, he has won the most influential marketing technology leader award from the world marketing congress twice in a row for the years 2016 and 2015 and is part of the select list of top 100 marketers who are awarded this.  --has worked with software industry's thought leaders, ceos and ctos of enterprise billion$ companies, silicon valley based first generation entrepreneurs with multi exit track record,  building billion$ businesses -- has been a successful enterprise saas product manager l program manager --earlier worked with leading organizations like pramati, apere (acquired by citrix), office of the cto at ca, hcl-cisco.  --  masters in computer technology| executive program in management from iim-k. graduated in a leadership program administered by ca technologies for young leaders. -- mentored a startup which had a successful exit in the fintech space.  -- analyst relations experience with gartner, nelsonhall, forrester, idc, frost and sullivan
infosys is a world leader in the software+ services business with global revenues of usd 10.2 billion (as of 31/3/2017) and 200,000 + employees. i am a president reporting into the group ceo. as a president, i am part of the executive management team at infosys with the responsibility to represent the firm to clients, investors, governments and other stakeholders. my day to day responsibilities in this role are three fold   1. direct p&l responsibility for our financial services, insurance, healthcare & life sciences business. this is over a third of the infosys global revenue. i also have responsibility for our uk & australia public sector business and for australia as a region (across verticals).  2. sales operations, effectiveness, training across the enterprise. this means leading & transforming our 2000+ sales teams across the globe.   3. oversight on large deals across infosys and deal advisor relationship management.   i am also on the board of infosys china & infosys sweden. i was the chairman of business disability international (a not for profit based in london founded by infosys, barclays, gsk with board representation from all three companies) with a focus on making employers 'disability confident'.   i started my career at two major banks before moving into a technology consulting and leadership role. i have lived and worked in asia, europe and north america and managed our relationships with key banks across the globe.    i was invited to join the global young leader program at the world economic forum in 2014.  i am also the vice chair of the economic growth board of the cbi (confederation of british industry) , joshimohit_ygl 
want to dominate your market thoroughly - even with your sales teams now working from home  connectandsell delivers more live conversations for b2b sales teams in 90 minutes than a traditional week of work would typically. even if your reps are on their couch.  the weapon of market domination positively impacts sales leaders - helping them to go fast, test messaging, yield significant pipeline gains, structure follow up with the discipline and ultimately transform the way their teams go to market. for cfo   s we dramatically reduce the cost of conversations acquired by 85%.  it's a maths game, and it works. see below   major hardware vendor  $63m in pipe every quarter attributed to us  major saas vendor  96% pipe attribution and creating 1000 net new opportunities per month  bank  spun up a new unit and became the biggest player in the category in 12 months, taking the business from $250mm aum to  $1bnaum with 12 reps , energygerry ,
sales and marketing leader | general manager | advisor , collsdad .14 years generalist human resources experience gained predominantly within smes in the marketing, digital, technology and professional services spaces, at a global/ international level.   a proven strategic and operational hr leader, with an excellent track record of delivering and driving hr strategy and the people agenda to deliver business success and growth. 
i am a co-founder and partner of nextview, a thematic, seed-stage venture capital fund. i try to spend as much time as possible working with entrepreneurs and investing in businesses that are trying to solve important problems for everyday people.   i was previously a venture capitalist at spark capital, a leading venture capital firm focused on the intersection of media, technology, and entertainment.    before joining spark capital, i worked at ebay, as the north america business unit owner for  finding . in this role, i was involved in design and launch over 20 products that significantly enhanced ebay's search, browse, and merchandising capabilities.  previously, i was a consultant at the parthenon group, a boutique strategy consulting firm and focused on the consumer and retail industries. additionally, i have also held product management roles at fidelity investments, bzzagent, and helped to found letslink.jp, one of the first social networking sites outside of the united states.  i've been blessed to have a wonderful wife and two daughters and spend most of my free time with them. i'm also a founding member of highrock church in brookline, ma.  specialties  internet and new media, venture capital
i   m fascinated by the relationship between business and technology and the potential it has to change an industry. i   ve developed comprehensive business and product strategies for start-up, technology and management consulting companies across continents, and thrive on driving excellence by aligning people, processes and technology to influence significant change and operational improvements.   i   m especially proud of the relationships i   ve built with internal stakeholders and external partners and clients. i use my appreciation for cross-functional roles to build and lead teams, and partner with all levels of an organization to support company goals and create positive impact on revenue. ,
being in sales and account management i am lucky enough to be able to use my unique and charismatic personality to energise, influence and assist in increasing efficiency within the construction industry.  not afraid to go above and beyond expectations to achieve results. having a first rate track record of performance and commitment as well as being able to deliver business value to the sales operation and customer.   able to quickly establish credibility with senior decision makers in a wide range of business contexts, all with the aim of helping to grow the company brand and market share.   managing sales executives, business development and marketing teams in a highly competitive market. a born negotiator with the ability to handle objections and convert to sales with a true hunter instinct.   highly driven and energetic sales manager /sales executive with over 14 years experience of b2b sales within the software industry.  a true believer that bim will underpin the onset and continuation of digital fabrication within construction. ,
from leading a major redesign for cnet at 16, to raising startup investment from universal at 21, i've spent the past decade honing a unique skillset that spans full stack development, digital product design, and business management. along the way i've conceived and delivered products that are used daily by millions of people, for brands like disney, kobalt, spotify, and google.   now i'm working with clients as decimal, a growing technology company with a proven track record, delivering innovative software projects for the world   s leading music, entertainment, and health brands.  achievements i   m proud of      youngest participant ever selected for the bbc innovation labs      produced 3 webby winners and won a hsbc startup stars award before turning 21      raised funding from the world's biggest music group to develop a product which pioneered new techniques for profiling and searching music at scale , chrsgrrtt 
i love applying 3d simulation to business problems which are impractical to solve by other means. we founded buzz 3d to do precisely this, from ad billboard pre-testing, to planogram market research & our latest 3dcx technology for full-scale interactive retail store simulations online.  3dcx is designed for retailers who   ve long suspected today   s online    shopping    is really just online buying     no consumer-experience  just a race to the lowest price, and that   s why audiences are flocking to the big online disruptors.  no more.  3dcx blows open the traditional constraints of 2d web shopping to create a unique, custom-built, plug-in ecommerce solution delivered straight to the browser, no apps.  buzz 3dcx changes the game. with a brand-personalised 3d online sales platform, you can apply your visual merchandising knowledge, place points of sale, commercial messaging, take shopper-flow and adjacencies into account  all things you have vast experience in.  the best part is that shopper behaviour online in a simulated store environment matches real-world behaviour to the tune of 92%. anything that works as a sales driver in the physical world will work in 3dcx, and vice versa!  analytics of all shopper behaviour, machine-learning algorithms to train a.i. for insight-predictions,    getting behind the eyes of the shopper    to explore best practice and translate this to your physical stores ... all of this is not only possible, it   s part of our roadmap. (we   re even including in-line advertising using 3d out of home ad billboards  place as many as you like and cycle the content, showing 100's of ads without ever disturbing the shopper).  we   re currently in phase 1
# c, java, python # container, # docker, # kubernetes # pxe server knowledge  # disaster recovery solutions # migration of database # develop master slave infrastructure 
a dynamic and entrepreneurial senior level product, technology and security leader, craig is committed to creating pragmatic products and solutions that drive business outcomes.   an executive level thought leader in security product, cyber security and technology with a unique blend of security, product management and business leadership expertise, spanning many sectors and business areas. a refreshing and entrepreneurial individual with a flair for designing and implementing products and strategic level improvements combining technology, people and policy to achieve tangible results.  an enigmatic and inspirational leader in the field, he is often called upon to represent his views in industry leading publications and through high profile speaking engagements. , craiggoodwincdk 
chglobal expert in technology marketing, product management and product marketing. cloud, apps, fintech, business intelligence, small business accounting, payroll and payments, erp, hcm.   rich international experience across emea, asia, us, latam. language speaker. exceptional presenter and brand advocate.  execution through people, innovation, process discipline, coaching and leadership.  father, athlete and fundraiser. , nickgoode ,
so passionate about training, developing and coaching salespeople that i created a platform to enable organisations to define, develop and measure 'what good looks like' across their whole sales team.   if you want to drive improvement and transformation in your sales teams then you need to start by (1) defining 'what good looks like' then (2) developing to that standard and (3) constantly measure the outcomes.  so many organisations miss step (1) and (3) and so many still use an informal coaching process or leave it up to managers for (2).    e4enable solves that problem...  i've over 20 years experience in sales leadership & transformation within cyber security, technology and data companies, building, developing and managing high performing sales teams. my sales approach is consultative, connecting propositions with customer issues and performance goals, driving true customer value alongside business growth. my leadership style is tailored to the individual and focuses on coaching to motivate and align individual goals to shared business goals. , katellewis ,
united kingdom august 16 , my passion goes to building high-performing and focused organisations that support strong revenue growth. i thrive at hiring, scaling and leading result-driven teams, shaping expansion strategies and fostering a great culture where everyone is inspired to innovate and over-achieve.   i am a marketer at heart, customer-obsessed and found of product design and branding. but i also bring a strong expertise in performance marketing and growth hacking, acquired in super competitive and high-velocity environments like linkedin and pipedrive.  as a board advisor and mentor, i enjoy sharing my experience with companies or future leaders, helping them with strategic thinking, enhancing effectiveness and addressing operational challenges.  brand | go2market  | demand generation | performance marketing | account based marketing | marketing automation | b2c and b2b | international | big data | saas | dnvb , lbret ,
visionary and energetic leader with passion towards technology, products and customer obsession. i enjoy working to resolve complex issues. i like new challenges, comfortable with open-ended problems, ambiguity, and assume 100% ownership to get the things done.  reporting to the ceo and part of the leadership team to realize the vision of software platforms across cockpit software products.   in the current role as global head of visteon software platforms and technology development teams, i am responsible for cockpit products software, strategy, roadmap, execution, and innovation. visteon launches around 60 plus products each year.  core focus areas include    driver information     industry-leading digital clusters and multi-display modules infotainment     scalable android-based infotainment solutions smartcore        next-generation integrated digital cockpit solutions drivecore        enhanced safety domain controllers for level 2-plus automated driving  visteon is well-positioned to address emerging automotive cockpit software trends, with solutions including phoenix    infotainment, smartcore    domain controllers and an autonomous driving approach that uses artificial intelligence and machine learning. visteon named as a top-five tier 1 supplier for connected car solutions by abi research, visteon is technology-driven, flexible and enjoys a diversified customer base and broad global footprint.  earlier handled zebra technologies (ex-moto/symbol) global software team delivering product portfolio in all enterprise market segments. responsible for software to launch industry best 23 new products using single software platform.  ex-qualcommer with 16 years of cell phone industry experience,       joined as an engineer in 3g modem team and led the modem software, bluetooth, connectivity, and chipset teams at qcom.      led global bluetooth
robotic automation has been my life since i  built  my first macro in 1981. using software to optimize human work is something i built my career on. i've seen it all. from a 30 percent saving on every call handling time to 500% improvement in human work - all using robotic automation in some guise or another!  delivering rpa (attended and unattended) to many of the worlds largest telco's, call centers, banks, back office, healthcare, insurance etc., is what i've been doing more extensibly since 2005 and i'm proud of our large diverse customer base saving billions of dollars around the globe.  specialties  robotic automation. robotic desktop automation (rda), robotic process automation (rpa), user process improvement. contact center efficiency. back office task automation. business process automation. business process improvement. workforce intelligence. worker analytics. ai machine learning, no code/lo code, bpm, case management. , franciscarden ,
i am the ceo and founder of aileen allkins consultancy (aac) which assists companies aspiring to differentiate by delivering a world class customer service experience. i have over 30 years    experience transforming the customer experience of some of the world   s best-known technology companies. most recently, i was the cvp of customer service and support at microsoft, leading a diverse, international team of over 25,000 amazing people to provide best-in-class support for millions of customers for which microsoft achieved several industry awards.  i   ve established aac to help businesses develop a continuous connection between the company, its people, culture and customers. it addresses the issues i   ve spent decades resolving for leading software giants, including microsoft and hewlett packard  how to increase customer and employee satisfaction while ensuring alignment to the company's strategic and financial objectives.  i have always been a strong advocate for the front-line teams who have a significant impact on brand perception and customer loyalty and my approach focuses on empowering the people on the front-line to create the best possible customer experience.  i am a champion of diversity, empowerment and inclusion and a keen mentor for early in career women.  in 2019 was recognised as one of the top 50 most powerful women in technology by the national diversity council (usa) and at hp i was on the board for diversity and inclusion. 
improbable , senior talent partner (ftc) ,5+ years of dynamic experience in recruitment -end to end recruitment   and administration and hr executive , appwrk it solutions pvt ltd 
i am a global technology / ai leader and diversity & inclusion / stem champion with mba and 20+ years' experience in business development, account / partner engagement, strategy consulting, and program management.   i am passionate about  scaling disruptive technologies, building new revenue streams, and implementing global partnerships at scale, with operational excellence, and at a rapid pace. my multinational leadership experience spans managing teams of 1000+ members to roll out cross-country, cross-business unit, or multi-geo initiatives.    following my electrical engineering and management studies at the university of pennsylvania, i started my career with capgemini in the u.s. and then motorola in turkey. after graduating from columbia business school (cbs) in 2005, i continued my career at greenwich consulting (now part of ey) and british telecom in the u.k. coming from a middle income turkish family, i am proud to have financed all my education with scholarships and sponsorships and having lived & worked in three countries.   my passion for technology led me to join microsoft   s information & content experiences group where my team and i signed c. 1,500 partnerships across 60 markets. i set up our global startup success management team and held customer/ partner management roles as part of microsoft ventures / accelerators and business ai teams. most recently at microsoft, i designed and implemented a preview partnership programme to scale microsoft's early stage saas ai solutions. i am currently at accenture's microsoft business group focusing on data & ai for uk & ireland.  as part of my social impact / charity work
passionate leader with a proven track record of building world-class channel gtm teams, from strategy to program to execution.   experienced in all indirect channel models  value-added resellers, two-tier distribution, managed service providers, global system integrators and consulting firms.   built appdynamics    ww indirect gtm leading to incremental growth from $20m to $150m.  prior to joining appdynamics, i led meraki's global channel sales organization. the channel was a key contributor in meraki's growth from $100m to $1b in four years.  champion for diversity and inclusion.    founder and global lead of women appdynamics (2017 - 2018)  founder and global lead of women of meraki (2015-2017)  cisco meraki president's club (2014 & 2016)  cisco appdynamics president   s club (2018)  crn channel chief (2017) crn channel chief (2018) crn channel chief (2020) crn women of the channel (2018) crn award 5 star for channel program (2018) recognized as one of cisco's top channel chiefs (2018) , ghazalasifsf 
i am passionate about sourcing, growing and developing talent. i have helped to change the way in which companies align the right people, with the right opportunities at the right time.   specialties  scaling, problem solving, removing blockers, employment branding, business partnering, creating shared vision, talent acquisition, workforce planning, executive search, employee on-boarding and team leadership.   out of work, i am a volunteer lifeguard and an avid sports fan. 
available contractor - cloud roles only (aws / gcp / azure), kubernetes, big data, python, golang     perm expand below          recruiters - please always send the tech spec, day rate / salary, ir35 status, end client company, location and duration up front. please linkedin message instead of email. you   re also welcome to connect for the future.  author of over 500 open source tools for cloud, devops, big data, nosql, spark, hadoop, docker, linux, web
i   ve spent most of my career in sales, i love it.  i love the visibility of sales, the constant need to evolve how you win, the days you can celebrate with your team and the ones where you need to put your arm round them and show its going to be ok.  it   s a tough environment to be in but its always made me feel so alive.   there's been a collision of things that demand us to reimagine the old sales machine and start building teams that are 'in it together'. our buyer is smarter, our employees needs have changed and there are layers to our sales team structures that require our people to rely on each other if we're going to suceed.    building the team that wins together is where i'm happiest and feel incredibly lucky to have the opportunity to be part of the jiminny team and help other leaders do just that. ,
a highly motivated and astute global business leader.  she has over 20 years of record setting performance in the global information technology & communications (ict) industry.  well respected within the industry for her client focus and ability to delivery verifiable year on year sales growth.  major strengths include leading transformational change, sales operational leadership, client satisfaction, managing and motivating globally diverse teams and driving market growth. ,
what sets me apart from other european marketing leaders is that i come with a global following of sales and marketing decision-makers built-in. i have deep expertise across digital/content/social media/ demand gen (i literally teach a course at uc berkeley on the topic), and that i understand first-hand the expectations of a us-based tech company operating in europe. i specialize in demand generation and pipeline marketing, and i learned from the best in the business during my time at marketo when i reported directly to co-founder jon miller.  i wrote the best selling marketing book welcome to the funnel  how to turn your content and social media marketing up to eleven and self-published it selling 22,000 copies worldwide. a revised edition is in the works and currently slated for a summer 2020 release, along with two additional books i've been working on for the past three years.   in addition to my marketing duties and team building, i deliver 50 plus keynotes, sessions, and workshops around the globe each year having graced the stages at the most prominent digital conferences in the world including dreamforce, content marketing world, smx, business insider trends festival, marketing profs b2b forum, marketo marketing nation, and many more.   most recently i was the head of brand marketing at microsoft in a hybrid role focusing on the 5th largest business in microsoft and bringing next-generation demand generation & digital capabilities to a mature giant, with the goal of turning disruption into an ally. a major focus of this role is teaching marketers and partnering with agencies on how to leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning to better understand the customer decision journey, make better use of their data
technical skills & tools       automation     ghost inspector, katalon automation recorder, & rapid reporter.      cloud environments     amazon web services (aws) & microsoft azure.      continuous delivery (cd) and continuous integration (ci)     circleci, git, github, gocd, & jenkins.      data management     microsoft access & microsoft sql server management studio 18.      integrated development environment (ide)     android studio & xcode.      operating environments/platforms     android, intranet, ios, mac os, microsoft windows, saas (web and on-premise), & web.      mobile/native app testing     beta by crashlytics, charles proxy, fabric, hockeyapp, teamviewer host, testflight
i am an experienced information security professional. have been working in information technology since 1992, and have specialised in security since 1997.   during this time i have worked with clients in a wide range of sectors from financial institutions to manufacturing and government organisations.   i am quick to pick up new concepts and approaches and i enjoy working with a wide range of people, nationalities, and organisations.  my strength is discussing solutions with both business and technical audiences.  specialties  experienced security professional  - customer relationships and technical account management - managed security services - mapping business requirements into policies, products and solutions. , sbj24 ,
high performance, scalability and reliability cloud architect. passionate about building secure event driven platforms on aws using open source tooling, helping businesses to extract value from their data in the most cost effective and agile way. extensive 10+ experience in deploying large scale distributed systems which empower business workflows to make data driven decisions. 
global leader with transformational experience in 4 industries (automotive, aerospace, technology and financial services) focused on engineering, manufacturing, supply chain, technology, operations, purchasing and real estate. ,
a business executive with 25 years international software and infrastructure sales experience across north america, asia, europe and africa with leadership roles covering sales, sales consulting, customer success, business development, marketing and consulting. , rogerdscott ,
unleash your analytics with sas-powered apps that fit your decision workflows!    our team can help with       sas powered apps - built on modern, supportable open source frameworks     self serve data workflows (data controller)     system integrations (sas 9 rest api)     sas platform monitoring and alerting (zabbix)     migration of sas 9 stored process web apps onto sas viya     modernisation of legacy sas af/scl desktop applications     training on web app development with sas 9 and viya  our experience enables us to deliver value from the very first sprint, our ethos is full transparency, our support packages are standardised and clear from the beginning, and of course everything is delivered with full documentation (user guide, admin guide, developer guide).    products include       data controller for sas   (data management on both sas 9 and viya)      sas9 rest api (for systems integration)     sas9 monitor (performance tuning and alerting)      sas9 health (scan your system for common performance and configuration issues)  do get in touch with rfps, ideas, suggestions - we'd be happy to engage. , allanbowe 
cio or head of technology in your organization, how are you coping with the data deluge to determine which datasets enable you to gain insights and create value, and which are just noise   organizations know they need to be more data-driven, but they are also struggling to identify their most valuable categories of data. to glean real insights from data, we need to put these capabilities in the hands of decision-makers at critical junctures. this will likely entail a transition of data from existing silos, and making data analytics tools more human-centric and embedded.  as the executive vice president of strategic clients at qlik, i lead a multi-disciplinary team that blends sales, value engineering and consulting services. my teams advise strategic clients on their digital and data transformational strategies for large enterprise customers to maximize the value of their overall investments in data and in qlik   s data integration and analytics platforms.  with more than 22 years    experience as a senior executive across the ai and data analytics space, i consult with clients in every industry to help them define their data strategies for improving revenue goals and driving business process efficiencies. i am part of qlik's harvard customer advisory group, which is a community of data and ai executives who focus on ai and analytics as a strategic imperative in their organization. i was also recently included among the    top 50 most powerful women in tech    by the national diversity council.  i believe in taking a human-centric approach to conversations around ai and analytics  technology must be applied to a human context in both business and consumer scenarios. much my focus is around these final aspects of delivery, because success in data is about being able to fundamentally change the culture and mindset within the organization.  if you would like to discuss how your organization can start leveraging the full value of your data, please feel free to get in touch with me 
i help businesses across a variety of industries secure meetings and obtain additional clients by utilising cognism's extensive prospecting platform, connecting our customers with their ideal personas, and intelligently identifying the optimal times to reach out to their prospects using market insights.  cognism is an official salesforce lightning data partner and has been voted the top saas company to work for in the uk.   please feel free to get in contact if you are interested in learning more about cognism's offering 
eather empowers people, non-profits and businesses with salesforce crm technology and talent. she is an experienced motivational speaker, certified nlp coach, trainer and 8x certified salesforce consultant.  salesforce is the world   s #1 crm with 150k customers and 30k nonprofits.   heather is serial entrepreneur and leads an award winning salesforce consultancy, training & recruitment agency.   as a female entrepreneur and mother she is a champion for sdg's gender equality & decent work and economic growth. she launched supermums to bring more women into tech, engaging 270+ trainees across 9 countries, 170 volunteers and provided    500k+ probono hrs to charities.   she is listed as one of the most influential women in uk tech & has won or been a finalist for a series of awards. in 2019 she was awarded a coveted golden hoodie as a salesforce trailblazer.   heather is passionate speaker. she has inspired and motivated audiences to take action since 2006 with amazing feedback. she regularly talks about    successful consulting on crm projects   - key skills of a salesforce consultant  - delivering successful crm projects using business analysis & change mgmt  since 2010 she has overseen over 500+ projects. she now leads a team of consultants and trains  consultants internationally.  audiences include dreamforce, salesforce user groups, salesforce influencers, and nonprofit events - chase 25, charity digital & merl tech. she is a contributor to salesforce ben, salesforce.com and other channels.   career development for women   - empowering women in tech & the workplace  - developing your salesforce career   heather is a certified nlp coach and run a coaching and training business since 2005 to support 1000   s of people. she now speaks to global audiences helping women to progress their careers in tech and companies to support equality and progression.   she has presented for audiences of   10,000 including, salesforce world tour key note london, salesforce world tour manchester, dreamforce to you hosted by andrew marr, marie claire & salesforce partner events.   she has contributor to the evening standard
story is a tale of two markets. a journey from belgium to the uk, that shaped my future and prepared me for my current position as founder of eximium recruitment, a boutique tech recruitment agency with offices in london and gent. i am a passionate recruiter in human capital. a people-oriented professional with a wealth of international experience connecting the right talent to the right opportunities. i love to work with people and businesses and find out how they tick.  my move from belgium to london and the birth of my business rank among my greatest achievements. but neither were easy. my experience in both has provided me with greater resilience and a better understanding of how to successfully found and grow a business in an increasingly difficult environment. the most rewarding aspect of my role is helping others grow and succeed. seeing highly skilled talent that i have guided, blossoming into superstars that drive tech startups and scaleups towards stellar success is deeply satisfying.  so, if you   re a tech startup or scaleup that is looking to supercharge your go-to-market strategy or a candidate who needs guidance and development in your next career move, get in touch. , inconsultancy_ 
sales professional for 10 years in multiple industries starting as sales executive  before moving strongly into sales management.  a proven closer with specialism in building relationships, forecasting, managing end-to-end sales cycles and leading teams. demonstrable success through career. grew cognisoft   s customer base from 48 to 102 in 3 years. increased flexera   s pipeline by 70% by implementing and enforcing strict kpi   s throughout the team and delivering expert coaching sessions.
a highly motivated and seasoned recruitment professional with a wealth of achievements within multi-national companies. offers outstanding drive, energy and enthusiasm with strong communication and interpersonal skills.  specialties  direct sourcing recruitment models with extensive global experience including internal mobility programs,employer branding,implementation of ats systems and other recruitment technologies,high volume low level recruitment through to senior exec search, employee referral programs, off-shore technology hubs (india) and college hiring, , shanehicksuk ,
do you work with sales reps, coaching them to have better, more successful cold calls, discovery calls, demos and/or face to face meetings    do you find yourself frustrated, that so much of your revenue comes from a disproportionate number of reps in your team, i.e your    top performers       do you lack true visibility into why some of your team's sales conversations are successful and others aren   t    does it take you too long to onboard new hires and get them contributing to your team quota    sales leaders have adopted our coaching platform to unlock the hidden value tucked away in their team's sales conversations, our tech and ai insights provides instant clarity into what makes your top performers more successful and enables you to coach your entire team have better, more effective conversations with their prospects. 
i build and transform.  a marketing leader on a mission to change the perception of marketing as a 'cost centre' to a 'growth enabler'.  i love to take raw talent and develop them to their full potential.   give me a challenge and let me go fix it! ex-mongodb, ibm, hp, samsung, cisco, pepsico , pazmacdonald 
i help organisations transform to deliver insights and value from data. as an experienced data science product manager, i am known for my ability to engage diverse audiences, and to explain complex techniques and results.  i have a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry, skilled in python, r, power bi, google cloud platform, kubernetes, docker, robotic process automation, product & project management. i have a strong engineering background with a master of science focused in artificial intelligence, being able to translate analytics into business and scientific insight.  i have worked in the uk, usa, italy and india with clients and roles that combine highly challenging organisational and valuable data problems. ,
i am customer focused and a results driven  management professional with a broad base of international experience across diverse domains including banking & financial services, insurance and information services. i hold extensive expertise in leadership, consulting, innovation, business and it transformation, sales, business development, negotiations and the real asset - people management. i lead a team of over 600 technology and functional experts spread across uk, us, canada, spain, australia and india.  over the years i have acquired an enriching experience in working with multiple customer organisations across geographies to help them define and streamline their business & it functions.   i have a clear understanding of business challenges that our clients encounter and the need for it to deliver value and scale. i am recognised as an innovative & dependable leader with creative problem solving skills.   - full solutions / services play - it consulting and services - business development - cognitive conversational experience enhancement  - innovation, business transformation and integrated process automation - building strong customer trust & relationships - revenue & growth management - large program management - contracts & negotiations - cost budgeting and allocations - people management (all it and business roles) - staffing and recruitment 
a dynamic professional with 5 years of experience on data processing ,social media and client vendor management domain.  * an effective communicator with excellent relationship management skills and strong analytical, problem solving & organizational abilities. possess a flexible & detail oriented attitude.  * specialties  sql, reporting, data mining, data extraction, data validation, data conversion, data cleansing, project management, client interaction, time management oracle,comptel mediation,pl/sql,client and vendor management,social media management ,
 results oriented enterprise software sales leader and consultant with over 25 years of experience in driving new revenue, strong long term client relationships and scaling organisations. proven track record of delivering superior results and developing high performing customer success, direct sales, partnerships, services and revenue teams. collaborative leader that will inspire and develop an energetic team to drive growth and provide the vision, strategies and leadership required to increase a company   s foot print, expand global market share and generate sustainable revenue. deep experience in building enterprise sales and inside sales teams and driving customer retention strategies for scale. building go to market strategies and structures that contribute to growth, including partnerships, business development and channel strategies and aligning teams to deliver results in both emea and apac. i have managed teams in excess of 30, selling solutions including big data, data warehouses, iot, rpa (robotic process automation), api management, application integration, bpm, static code analysis and open source support. i have a keen interest in game changing technologies like blockchain smart contracts, ai (artificial intelligence) and ml (machine learning). ,
 hey, i   m garrett. i worked in the finance industry for about a year, didn   t particularly like it, and used every minute of my free time to learn web development. now i work at tridigital as a web developer and love it!
software quality assurance with a demonstrated history of working in the logistics and supply chain industry. skilled in software development, java language, and sql. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer science and applied mathematics from queens college. ,
matt raible is a well-known figure in the java community and has been building web applications for most of his adult life. for over 20 years, he has helped developers learn and adopt open source frameworks and use them effectively. he's a web developer, java champion, and developer advocate at okta. matt is a frequent contributor to open source and a big fan of java, intellij, typescript, angular, and spring boot.   he   s a member of the bad-ass jhipster development team and loves classic vws.
masters in software engineering, san jose state university, (2014 - 2016)      i aim at developing better software for the smarter future      seeking challanging position in the field of software engineering and enterprise application   development, i would like to join an organization which will allow me to grow   as an individual and effectively employ my skill-set to the on-going projects.  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~                                                   languages and technologies ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~     programming languages    c, c++, java, vb 6, python, c#, php      web technologies   html, css, javascript, jquery, ajax, bootstrap, rest, json, angularjs
successful developer with more than 4 years of experience contributing to the successful analysis, design, development, and deployment of multiple applications through all stages of development cycles. excellent capabilities in identifying potential issues and implementing effective solutions to meet project requirements. strong team member with an exceptional record of building quality solutions for varied environments using modern technologies such as node.js, express.js, mongodb, angular, python, and golang. , slim_tock ,
i am having 6+ years experience in website development and designing and have done lots of project and with rating. i always believe in quality work - i give best in my work. - ontime delivery - quality work - clean coding  - 100% responsive design , nikitaj50596130 ,
i am a developer with a thorough knowledge of es6 and react. i have a host of projects to demonstrate that, so feel free to check out my featured section or my portfolio. i'm currently working as a web developer at iia in sunny suffolk and in my free time i'm currently learning data structure implementation, common programming patterns and time/space complexity of algorithms using es6 and node js.  i'm a developer because i genuinely love learning and the absolutely massive scope of computer science is something i find incredibly rewarding and exciting. so, if you have know of any exciting opportunities that you feel would be a good fit please feel free to let me know.   thanks for taking the time to go over my summary and if you'd like to see some of my work check out my portfolio.  
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in e-commerce, php, wordpress, zend, and jquery. strong engineering professional with a high school focused in basic from p.t.m.h.s.s thazhekode. 
completed the 6 months internship in indian institute of research and development for differently abled.  a meticulous, creative, and passionate software engineer with a strong interest in projects that require both conceptual and analytical thinking. fully-committed to designing and developing innovative applications that users will love. always eager to learn more from anyone or anything. i would love to join a team/company that will allow me to leverage my skills, encourage my passions, and continue to challenge me as i grow in this field or in life.  personal website   front end  javascript (es5 & es6) | html5 | css3 | react | jquery | react native back end  node.js | express | postgresql | mongodb | mongoose | mysql | restful api | nginx | firebase testing/deployment  mocha | chai | aws ec2 | aws s3 | heroku | new relic | artillery | agile methodology developer tools  git | npm | yarn | webpack | babel | tdd ,
an it professional with 4+ years of experience in php with different framework & open source, web application development.   i have worked on various projects in india or abroad on different website development platforms.  specialties  having good knowledge on mysql, codegnitor, laravel, css, javascript, jquery.     
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php and its framework, laravel, matlab, microsoft word, and microsoft office. strong engineering professional graduated from the government engineering college of bhavnagar. 
i am a pre-final year student at iit(ism) dhanbad.  i have hands-on experience in web development, implementation of data structures and algorithms and problem solving.  i am a member of the technical society of iit(ism) dhanbad and have done a multitude of projects with cross-domain teams. ,
front end developer with full-stack experience. inclusion, volunteering & championing colleagues. bootcamp, freelance, civil service, consulting, travel & publishing. currently studying visual design with skillcrush (figma, adobe photoshop, illustrator, indesign). , attycronin 
i am a first year student pursuing electrical and electronics engineering  bits pilani goa campus. i am always ready to have new experiences, meet new people and learn new things. i find the idea of creating value for people and impacting the world through my work gratifying.      i am the podcast host of bits cast, a podcast that has been heard over 17000 times by people in 25 countries and learn to code w/ ishan, where i teach people programming languages like python, javascript, etc on audio.      i started a youtube channel back in january 2020 which now has more than 1 lac views and i talk about software development, entrepreneurship, and careers. i have more than a 100 videos uploaded over there.      i also started a podcasting service called pod infinity in july 2020 where we provide podcast mentor ship and production services.       i am currently writing a book called  crush it on linkedin  which summarizes my experience of using linkedin and it will be a guide for college students to find opportunities, build their brand, and grow their business.      also, i am working with multiple businesses to grow their social media platforms and get leads using content. i specialize in creating carousel decks that convert a stranger to a follower, to a customer.   i am very interested in ai and it's amazing to learn about its applications in various fields like  crime detection, predicting diseases like cancer and parkinson's, use of big data to target ads, self driving cars, creation of unique art and music. i am proficient in python.  i enjoy building projects with arduino and have been tinkering with electronics since childhood.      i love video editing and graphic designing and have made more than a 100 videos and carousel decks for linkedin and instagram.      i enjoy challenges that enable me to grow. i like to find application in what is taught to me and use feynman and pomodoro techniques to learn as quickly as possible.       having lived all around the country and meeting a lot of people, i'm able to adapt to any surrounding or circumstance.     check out my podcast   
i'm a web developer with a passion for front end, ux and design.   i build clean code to create functional and intuitive designs with the end user always in mind.  feel free to say hello!
enthusiastic engineer with work experience of around 3 years in the field of software engineering.  i have experience working in javascript(angular, react, nodejs), ruby on rails, db migration to aws, managing aws application infrastructure. additionally, i have an aws solution architect certification. graduated with masters of science in computer systems engineering. i am looking for an opportunity in the field of software engineering where i can apply my acquired knowledge through my professional experience and academic learning and projects, work efficiently and collaboratively to solve creative problems and challenges faced in the corporate environment  skills big data ecosystems  hadoop, mapreduce, hdfs, hbase database  nosql, hbase, mysql, microsoft sql server programming languages  python(pandas, nltk, numpy, matplotlib, seaborn), sql(proficient)
focused computer science major (9.19 cgpa) currently attending chitkara university. aiming to leverage a proven knowledge of programming, web development, and designing skills to successfully fill the role of a developer. i want to work for an encouraging and stable company that will assist me in developing, improving, and obtaining the necessary skills in order to become the best engineer possible. frequently praised as hard-working by my peers, i can be relied upon to help your company achieve its goals. , vsasvipul_06 
front end web developer and graphic designer with 10+ years of experience as a freelancer. positive attitude, creative spirit, and a detail oriented mind.  i   m proficient in html, css, javascript and ux. 
ready for good opportunity , savit interactive , web developer  .full stack javascript developer with experience across a range of industries. i enjoy building accessible, user focused websites and applications that bring good into the world.   a women in tech advocate i am passionate about bringing more diversity into the industry and get involved in mentoring, teaching and campaign work to encourage others and give them a platform. ,
an arizona native who loves to see the world, when i'm not staring at a computer screen.  i've had some really good experiences in a few different industries but i've realized that what really gets me excited is building web applications, lately using react, node and postgresql.  fun, cool, useful web applications.  that and coffee, i do get excited about coffee... ,
recent new grad from university of california, irvine where i obtained my b.s. in computer science with a concentration in information technology. i have a strong interest in web and mobile app development and i enjoy learning new technologies.  
iwebservices , web developer  3+ years of experienced web developer seeks a position in software development mainly with javascript and python to implement exceptional skills , freelance web development 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, jquery, javascript, ajax, ui. 
skills  python, javascript, es6, scss, bootstrap, html, css, react.js, node.js, express.js, mysql, mongodb, git/github , skilled in core php, javascript , mysql , ajax , html ,css, jquery and codeigniter.  experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in react js, react native, php,  codeigniter, html, css, bootstrap, saas,mysql etc. strong engineering professional graduated from rajiv gandhi prodyogiki vishwavidyalaya. 
hi, i am priyanka, a pre-final year student at upes, dehradun, pursuing my bachelors in computer science. i love building web apps using mern(mongodb, express, react and node.js)  stack, and i  am currently diving deep into cloud and devops technologies (aws, docker, kubernetes, circleci ).  
skills      web development with vue.js, angular, node.js, django, python, javascript, php, html, and css     experience with object-oriented languages including c++     database  mysql, postgres, and django models     testing frameworks  cypress, selenium, jest, and python unittest     amazon web services  ec2, rds, and s3     web server configuration  ngnix and apache     experience with websockets and data streams     experience with git version control, github administration, docker containers
i am a dedicated, organized and methodical individual. i have good interpersonal skills, am an excellent team worker and am keen and very willing to learn and develop new skills. i am reliable and dependable and often seek new responsibilities within a wide range of employment areas. i have an active and dynamic approach to work and getting things done. i am determined and decisive. , laith_0921 ,
a young dedicated student who has a keen interest in developing new softwares that may contribute for the betterment of society. looking forward for great opportunities to learn new technologies. 
full stack software engineer with experience in java, ruby on rails, react, redux, javascript, and sql. coding since the age of 14, my love for creating my ideas into a reality led me to pursue software engineering as a career. i double majored in computer science and applied mathematics, earning three scholarships along the way, and used mathematics to strengthen my analytical side and make me a stronger programmer. having pursued art in high school and now as a hobby, i enjoy creative outlets as it opens up a world of endless possibilities. i decided to enter flatiron school   s immersive bootcamp program in order to combine my love of design at the front-end with my extensive knowledge in back-end technologies. i am excited to take my go-getter attitude and diverse skillset, and use it to make a real difference. 
light link solutions , php web developer  .i am a passionate individual determined to work endlessly to achieve my goals. i have a keen interest in computer programming. 
i am a freelance web developer that specialises in website design and development for small businesses in lancashire.  in particular, i help small businesses by creating modern, powerful and effective websites for them. over the past several years of doing this, i have watched businesses succeed through using websites i have designed for them.  one of my very first clients was a company that was just starting out and needed a website to promote their services and products. we worked together to build a site that helped his business to grow and he has now expanded to a much larger company.  i loved the feeling of excitement knowing that i had helped a small, local business to make one of their first sales! this made me realise that website design and development for small businesses was something i would want to specialise in!  i mainly cover areas in lancashire, such as blackburn, preston, burnley, clitheroe, longridge, accrington, blackpool, garstang, etc. but i am open to working with clients further away. 
over the years i haven't found a career path that i felt a real calling for...then i found web development.  developing apps gives me all the things i want in a career. a tech aspect as well as a creative one. i love deep-diving into different aspects of web development, using tech to solve problems and give myself a creative outlet. some of my skills include html, css, sass, js, react, redux, node, express, postgres and a handful of cool libraries. feel free to contact me if you would like to talk more about my talents! 
experienced php web developer with demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skill in php, codeigniter,  jquery, javascript, stripe api, css, html. strong engineering professional with master of computer application (mca) focused in computer scien... 
a technically-sophisticated professional, who has recently completed immersive computer software engineering certification. i have proven ability to write version-controlled code to build responsive websites, as well as develop custom web applications for internal and customer-facing audiences. dedicated to continually learning emerging technologies, programming languages, techniques, and other best practices.  my meticulous approach guaranteed that routine tasks were always completed on time, whilst enabling me the flexibility to respond to any urgent or unforeseen situations that arose. a proactive problem-solver, using excellent judgment and excellent assessment skills to address complex technical issues, embrace challenges with a unique blend of creativity and practicality. connect with me today to find out how i will make your mission my mission, to help bring all of your business objectives into focus!
uc berkeley graduate (class of fall 19) major  computer science & minor  education.  as a huge activist of feminism, education, and equality, i am eager to contribute my skills to build products that can increase accessibility to education. i would love to work in an industry related to socio-technology and/or edtech.
i'm honest ,smart worker and creative person with positive attitude.  hey, thanks for your interest in my profile. i'm an experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology industry. i'm skilled in html5, css3, bootstrap5, jquery, javascript, php, laravel and codeigniter.  i'm open for web development projects. ,
i am a web designer that makes all designs more simple and atttractive. good ux/ui developer. work in visual studio code the best editor for web developers  work with html5, css3, boostrap 4, javascript, javascript library(react js).
priyabratasama phloxblog , web developer  i am always striving to bring 100% to the work that i do,  my goal as a developer is to make strong, reliable and flexible products. i have good hands on algorithms. moreover i am passionate about technology and i would like a job where my experience in program development, supported by innovative decision making and systems engineering abilities, will result in an expanded clientele and a more profitable organization. ,
to obtain a challenging position in a high quality engineering environment where my resourceful experience and academic skills will add value to organizational operations.  i love  learning new things and exploring more .i believe in   man needs his difficulties because they are necessary to enjoy success. -dr. abdul kalam   technological change, technological development, technological achievement, or technological progress is the overall process of invention, innovation and diffusion of technology or processes. ... in short, technological change is based on both better and more technology.  development   lamp  front-end development  html5, css3,  javascript.  back-end development   php , nodejs ,mysql ,mongo db. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in search engine optimization (seo),  php, jquery, and microsoft office. strong engineering professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in it from marwadi education. , iamaks93 
i am a self-motivated energetic girl with high initiatives. i like accepting responsibilities & enjoying the challenges & achieving the best work performances. , wize brains , web developer 
i am a web developer with impressive knowledge in the latest technologies  recent cs graduate from the university of leeds currently working as an analyst in the financial advisory services department of deloitte.  tech stack  react (incl. router and context, hooks), redux, node, express, mongodb, postgresql, html, css, sass (and other css pre-processors), git 
experienced front end engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in javascript, nodejs, and databases. strong education in applied mathematics and a graduate from the flatiron school. , sirlemuel ,
2 years of experience on web & android app development.  * former asst. professor csit durg. * former web & mobile interface developer citizengage solutions pvt. ltd. bangalore. * former project trainee centre for airborne systems (cabs), drdo, bangalore. * developed online leave management system web application for centre for airborne systems    (cabs), drdo, bangalore. * developed secure dynamic carpooling android app for centre for airborne systems (cabs), drdo,     bangalore. * developed residential feedback android app for citizengage sol. pvt. ltd. * presented ieee paper titled 'secure dynamic carpooling android application using novel-multi agent     approach for an organization'. * attended 4 months of java training in java learning center, bangalore. * self-motivated & excellent team player. * excellent presentation, motivational and leadership skills. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, laravel, reactjs, codeigniter, and cakephp. strong engineering professional with a b. tech. focused in computer science and engineering from rayat bahra institute of engg. and nano technology. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in sql, microsoft excel, microsoft word, c++, and linux. strong engineering professional graduated from punjabi university. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in microsoft excel, customer service, microsoft word, php, and sales. strong engineering professional graduated from ptu. 
i am a senior web developer with more than 6 years of experience, i have spent most of my career as a full-stack web developer working in .net core, c#, nservicebus, angular and service-oriented environment.  my hacker rank profile 
my objective is to achieve the goals that i have set, take responsibility for completion of given work, work in team, respect others ,
i love solving problems and  i am really motivated by completing projects. as a front-end developer, and helping back-end developers, i am knowledgeable in both ends. i am looking for javascript/ react/ angular, magento, php/ laravel roles.  i am flexible - if the team is missing a back-end developer, i can cover the role.  at camlock systems ltd, i was given a website renewal project undone by the previous developer.  unusually it was driven by visual basic vba, and it was a multilingual website written in 5 european languages.  regardless of having no experience in vb script, i completed this website with more than 2,000 pages. at fat promotions ltd, there was a shortage of backend developers, and sometimes there were jobs left undone. i took over these jobs and completed them.  as requested i learned parallax and javascript animation, i made a lot of websites using these javascript skills.  at professional insurance agents, there was a job i took over in mobile phone application development. i learned java and objective-c and completed the task.   i am good at seeing customers' styles and what the customer really wants in design. at calculus software solutions, using previous skills, i completed a number of theme designs on magento1 and 2, received great feedback every time. also
looking for job change. , kamod7619 moofth well pvt ltd , web developer .intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed and dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. willing to work as a key player in challenging and creative environment. and to be an interactive part of a team, which will enable me to enhance my skills and to scale new heights through constant work and grow with my organization by the successful implementation of theoretical and practical knowledge, gained from project works.  if there is one thing i know    it's that i don't know everything    but i'm working on that    
i have experience of php and worked more project on core php, codeigniter, laravel . now i am working as web developer at xgenmedia solution.  experience in development and engaging in web & enterprise applications. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in ibm bluemix, php,python (programming language), microsoft word, wordpress, and mysqli. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused in computer science from poornima institute of engineering & technology,jaipur. 
i have more than 2.6 years experience as wordpress developer. i excel at custom wordpress theme and plugin development along with having knowledge in html, css and bootstrap. i can create any type of wordpress website like online stores( e-commerce), businesses informational portal, blogs, portfolio, booking, real estate etc. 
after discovering my passion for web development, i can't get enough.  i'm full-time web/front end developer. my tech stack is  html, css, javascript, responsive web design, react.js, vue, python recently finished react bootcamp with kodiri. learn codcademy and freecodecamp on a daily basis give me awesome fun! i'm very interested in blockchain technologies, eg. ethereum. you can meet me on a few programmers meetups around london.  i'm a member of codecademy london meetup group, kodiri, jsmonthly and flatiron school london coding community  
experienced software engineer with experience in ios app development working in the computer software industry for 4 years. strong engineering professional with a btech focused in computer science and engineering from iit, hyderabad. , microsoft 
effective and skilled leader in software development arena, with over 5 years industrial and system engineering background. i have skills utilizing technologies such as html5, css3, ruby on rails, jquery, mysql relational databases, git/github. experienced in full project life cycle from design to  implementation to integration. 
i am a professional data administrator and a web developer involving with latest data management, web development and technologies. completed masters in information systems in florida international university, miami. i have 6 years of experience in data administration, data analysis, wed designing and developing responsive web pages, and sometimes a whole website.
experienced web developer in development industry. skilled in php, wordpress, shopify ,sql and github. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology (b.tech.) focused in computer science & engineering. ,
i believe that great technology excels when humanity is at the forefront of the mission, because technology begins and ends with people     for the people, by the people. i pride my work on being intuitive, thoughtful, and useful. i aim to implement methods, processes, and modules that simplify current processes that scale for uncomplicated reproduction and reapplication. ,
#webdeveloper #traveller #blogger #storyteller #musiclover #humanitarian #socialist ,  experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in node.js,php, php applications,laravel, codeigniter, webservices, angularjs recruiting,mongodb and mysql. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's of technology focused in computer science from rajasthan technical university. ,
experienced php web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer games industry. skilled in web design, cascading style sheets (css), php, and html. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering (be) focused in computer science from anna university. ,
i started at your story leeds on an apprenticeship scheme in web design. your story allowed me to develop my skill in html5, css3, javascript, react, jquery and php.   these skills then led me to flaunt which allows me to develop my skills further and further me in my career as a web developer. 
i am a wordpress developer. i will do fix your wordpress problem. , wordpress , web developer  ,i have over 3 years of experience working in php web developer. currently, i work as accurate web solution, web developer, improving products, new features and services for our customers by using advanced framework tool, standing up codeigniter mvc tools, creating and maintaining models.  competencies  core php, codeigniter mvc, mysql, ,oracel 10g, wordpress, wix,html5, css3, jquery,  education -  bachelor of computer application - bca from ingra gandhi national open university - ignou new delhi
a web developer,  create more logical code. code like it will be reusable. believe in core programming.  developing web application (backend - frontend) with the help of framework like yii, codeigniter, laravel, angular7. finding a great opportunity. i have developed own framework just for fun, named romik 0.2. it's just mvc frame with admin side. , makavana_romik ,
to work in an environment that is innovative, challenging and where i can utilize my skills to make a significant contribution to the organization, targeting the achievement of the objectives and my professional growth. 
i am a web developer or web designer. i have 3+ years experience in this field. we offer you a chance to grow your own business. we provide all kind of web services. additionally, we offer graphic design services to our clients. keep in touch with us for regular updates. contact us for further details. , kuhipaat communication and technology pvt 
web and mobile developer, i have five years of experience in which i have worked with so many different programming languages and platforms.  you can check my work on my github profile  on this blog, i am writing everything about coding languages, frameworks, devops concepts and much more things like machine learning, artificial intelligence, blockchain, etc. so check out my blog.   my blog is growing rapidly in web, mobile, and machine learning developer communities.  my other hobby is dancing, watch v ut0devp_zpe  i am a very enthusiastic student, learner as well as a teacher. always find the best technique to learn something unique and then pass this knowledge to others.   i am focusing on php frameworks such as laravel and javascript server platform such as node.js and many many languages and frameworks.  objective  my goal is to utilize my experience, problem-solving skills to deliver absolute value and build awesomeness. i am confident that my full expertise can help you create a high quality, successful product within a short time.   technologies i have worked with   programming  php, javascript, python  backend languages and frameworks  laravel, node.js  database  mysql
custom web development  php, codeigniter, laravel, html/xhtml, css, ajax, mobile application  customize cms development wordpress,joomla,magento,shopify  e-commerce development  woocommerce, magento, shopify, prestashop, opencart   - i provide customized features like the ability to edit and modify, add or delete pages, banner ads management, articles, blog, news and other types of content management
experience in web technologies like php, javascript, jquery, bootstrap,html,css and ajax. angular, angulerjs,nodejs and mongodb.   my portfolio includes few websites like 1.english house 2.gk exams & 3. jodhpur cab service.  currently working on a project called hospitel management system which uses php & java script. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in cascading style sheets (css), java, php applications, embedded systems, and html. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in computer science from st.michael matriculation higher secondary school. 
i am a web developer who likes to put your design ideas on the browser and convert your business logic into code. if i am not reading about javascript then writing is something i like to do. technologies i have worked on  front-end - html5, css3, javascript, typescript, jquery, bootstrap, saas, angular, ionic back-end - node.js, express.js, mongodb, serverless, aws lambda i am a quick learner and also eager to learn new technologies. 
hi dears   i am full stack developer having experience of ios application development,android application development and website development. i have more than 7 year experiences in this field and i have developed more than 125 mobile applications and 15 websites are live. i enjoyed with my work and i would like to work with world wide client and get knowledge from them and learn about new ideas  please review my upwork 
freelance web developer based in blackpool, uk. i bring your awesome ideas to life. got an awesome idea  lets connect, i'd love to hear how i could help.
full-stack software developer, writer, and communications specialist based in chicago.  i'm a software developer with a diverse background in languages, research and teaching. throughout my career, i have synthesized information in clear, intuitive, and accessible formats. only now, i do it in ruby, rails and javascript.  i obtained my b.a. in english literature from the university of michigan, and then went abroad to teach english as a second language - first at an ngo in cambodia, then with business clients at major international firms in argentina and south korea.  next, i obtained an mfa, conducting intensive study and research as part of my multidisciplinary degree program. after graduation,   i worked as a communications specialist before bringing my research and writing skills into the legal field.  my most recent job at an immigration law firm included highly complex work in research, legal writing, and in-depth client case reports on an intensive production schedule. inspired by the case management systems i had seen at my previous law firm, i started looking for ways to build efficiency into our process. i developed a set of templates for petitions and supporting materials as well as a detailed set of informational materials for clients to assist in the petition-building process. moving from these templating and process-management projects to coding was a natural transition - i wanted to work on these same concerns at a higher level.  so now i'm a coder. i'm fascinated by the ways that programming can be used to create intuitive interfaces, and i'm excited to use my communications expertise as a developer. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, wordpress, articulate storyline, jquery, and microsoft office. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering (be) focused in electronics and communications engineering from meenakshi college of engineering. 
ability to create innovative, creative, & interactive web designs to boost customer engagement. sound knowledge in html, css, javascript, jquery & sql. build reusable code for future use while optimizing web performance with a bachelor   s degree in electronics & communication engineering from bengal institute technology, kolkata , susobhan_seal ,
i am an expert app developer specialized in web design and mobile development. with more than 3+ years of professional experience in the software development company. now i am very experienced with various categories and aspects of web & mobile development.  besides development of your solution, i am able to perform high-quality security review of your project and consulting on how to achieve your goals and avoid typical mistakes when the job is started. additionally, i also perform web and mobile projects of any complexity using android, ios, php, wordpress, node.js, react js, angular js and html5 & css.           mobile expertise         - social networking(facebook, twitter, google+...)  - photo/video editing/sharing  - cloud back end service  - gps location tracking  - live streaming  - third-party framework/sdk integration  - ads integration - local/push notifications  - google map apis  - utility app programming  - cocos2d, cocos2d-x game development  - restful api integrating and back end service building  - sqlite database management  - afnetworking i will provide robust technical solutions.  - ios/ android native app development.  - cordova/phonegap hybrid app development.  - web back-end development using codeigniter, node.js, laravel         web development             front-end  html/css/jquery/angularjs/reactjs      back-end  php (wordpress/laravel/codeigniter), node.js     database  mysql, mongodb     custom website development     crypto wallet development     smart contract development     responsive/twitter bootstrap     seo friendly development     psd to wordpress/html     e-commerce|crm|erp development     maintanance & support             industries           social networking apps | education  schools, colleges
a front end web developer  .experienced in various plant tissue culture projects which include new growing technology also demonstrated history of working in the services industry. skilled in css, web design, html, jquery. emerging with the newest technology like ai. building a career in entrepreneurship. efficiently handle business models in it services.
career objective i look forward to a career, which would help me hone my creative, and problem solving skills and to work in a competitive and challenging environment that would provide me with new learning and growth opportunities.strengths  - good communication skills i am honest, punctual and hardworking with my work appropriate decision making under difficult circumstances. strong leadership and communication skills, both written and verbal, with good presentation skills. team player having good leadership qualities with good management skills. fast learner, self-motivated, persistent and have attention to detail.  specialties  basic,  c,  c + +,  css,  database administration,  english,  hindi,  html,  javascript,  languages
i   m a seasoned internet business professional with over 30 years of technology and applied business experience.  the key to my success and what makes me a valuable member of any technology team is my ability to combine my technical skills with my business acumen to consistently create measurable results.    from large corporations to small start-ups, my goal is always the same    to thoroughly understand my customers    needs, and deliver impeccable quality and service,.. on time and on budget.  i am comfortable engaging c-level executives, department managers, and software engineers, alike.  i specialize in rapidly discerning business needs and applying the most effective technology strategies and tools to accomplish measurable objectives. my primary focus is ecommerce, combining excellent technology with strong marketing principles.  my technology toolbox is wide and deep. along with react, angular, vue expertise, i am highly accomplished in html5, css3, php, mysql, javascript, jquery, and more. in addition, i put a strong emphasis on clean quality code
involved in device friendly (mobile friendly) responsive web designing and development using wordpress, html5, css3, bootstrap, javascript, jquery, jquerymobile, ajax, angularjs etc.    - developed internal company web applications in php. designed imaginative and colorful websites.   - involved in database design and writing queries for many modules.         - developing wordpress (cms) websites.   - managed and developed projects independently from start to finish.   - involved in the testing and bug fixing.   - work closely with project managers and other members of the development team to both develop detailed specification of the client.        - designing and developing mobile websites using jquerymobile.         - search engine optimization (meta data and keywords management).  - customization of team foundation server (tfs)  - customized team foundation server templates and work item types as per requirement. - maintaining process templates on tfs server.  - query management.  - hands-on experience on robotic process automation (rpa) using blueprism.   - developed many objects and processes.   - created and managed workflows , naveenveligeti ,
i   m a web developer working with lamp stack with drupal, javascript html/css currently working more with decoupled react apps. i have recently completed a react/javascript evening boot camp and now i   m predominantly working with react + drupal stack.  last year i completed a postgraduate course in web design and development at birkbeck university which covers front-end development and design (javascript, html, css).  during uni i worked on a project which won code first  girls web development camp at birkbeck 2018/19 edition and i also completed an ios swift programming boot camp with women who code in 2018, however, currently i don't use swift.   i participate in industry events, conferences and meetups on a weekly basis and have helped to organise topical events and meetups in the past. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the web development industry. strong  professional skilled in php wordpress,  shopify, laravel, public speaking, and web development. wireframe/layout a website or web application write html and css from scratch take a psd and turn it into a working website add interactivity to a website with javascript (or jquery) write a basic application in an object-oriented programming language like  php work comfortably with a version control system like git manage a domain   s dns settings deploy a website to a website host 
i aspire to iearn and develop in my career and achieve personal and professionalgoals by collaborating with resourceful teams and utilizing the platform to the maximum 
website design & development.   at doops designs our aim is to give the customer what they want for as little cost to the customer as possible. most presume with the company being a web developing business, that you are limited to just getting a website created. but, in fact you can get a range of products displayed below.  a lot of new businesses do not have all the required aspects of a business. we are able to offer packages to ensure you leave with everything you need to have a fully functioning business. without it appearing to look like we are adding on new expenses all the time, it will be one lump sum  then your monthly maintenance and web host charge.  lots of new businesses have not yet created a logo, that can be done for you by us. we can discuss the design and content of it before it is created so we do not need to recreate it multiple times, hopefully we can get it correct on the first go. ,
4 years experience full stack developer.  experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in vue.js, node.js, react js, git flow, ssr, mongodb, jquery, and next.js. strong engineering professional graduated from rajalakshmi engineering collage ,kancheepuram. 
twenty one years of experience with software development over full stack web and windows style development. , moellerjeffreye wells fargo 
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, web design, html, ajax, and cascading style sheets (css). strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in computer science from n.d.m.v.p.samajs b.c.a.college under science faculty, udoji maratha boarding campus, nashik. 
i have been working as a full-stack web developer for the past  3.6 years.  an opportunist and smart worker with experience in the design and development of websites and web applications. with the aim of making technology that works for people and built around them,   designed - developed - tested and promoted many websites . desire to learn, grow and expand, to become the best web architect globally possible. seek new challenges that will stretch the skills to new levels, and enjoy learning new ways to approach and solve issues. desire to be in a team that will challenge me to grow and expand my skills. ,
i've been a web designer for the last two years. i specialize in creating beautiful, usable, professional websites using best accessibility and the latest web standards, resulting in semantic and seo friendly html and css.  for building websites my weapons of choice are photoshop and illustrator for creating layouts, then code to produce clean semantic html and css. i also use flash for animations.  i have successfully been a web designer now. it has given me even more love for this work. i have worked with ecommerce website makers, template makers, web developers, internet providers. ,
hello shriya here, professional mehandi artist and having 2+ years of experience in , wordpress, laravel, and codeigniter and api integration provided by google(sign in, maps, contacts), linkedin(sign in), facebook(sign in, contact), outlook(sign in contacts), export-import contacts functionality with excel, etc. i love to maintain documentation of every single task done by me and maintain a unit test case for every single step in the module by myself to avoid complications in work-life and personal life. i personally believe that the maintenance of documents and unit testing makes developer life very smooth and productive. ,
web developer to be responsible for the coding, innovative design and layout of website. web developer responsibilities include building our website from concept all the way to completion from the bottom up, fashioning everything from the home page to site layout and function.  specialization  magento, wordpress, laravel, ecommerce, mobile app development. 
i am pursuing btech 3rd year from mit adt university pune in information technology. a self-motivated web developer with good of experience working on multiple projects. passionate and hardworking with penchant for meeting deadlines. interested in exploring things and learning many new things and also in role with company promoting best practices and offering diverse customer projects. 
want to succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me job satisfaction and self development and help me achieve personal as well as organization goals. ,
over 3 years of web development experience - both front end and back end web developer with wide skill set - front end developer with wide skill set - proven seo (search engine optimization) expertise - project management and supervisory experience - creative online business strategist - excellence communication skills - creative, flexible, responsible and hard-working with a strong customer focus. 
experienced web consultant  with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, wordpress, responsive web design, codeigniter, and cascading style sheets (css). 
i'm a graphic designer specializing in web design. after traveling the country as a nomadic freelancer, i moved back to my hometown to take part in the revitalization of evansville. i'm involved in local groups such as newburgh arts commission, lady business, and evansville lettering club. i enjoy vacationing in the desert, floating in lakes, and hiking. 
goal-oriented senior web developer with a track record of continuous and expansive growth, developing reusable architecture and best practices for large scale applications with both internal teams and external agencies to best suit the goals, needs, and scope of work completed. a team leader with the experience and understanding needed to meet goals as well as provide necessary roi consistently. with over a decade of long-term consulting comes a rooted ability to define, develop, and execute consistently in a digital landscape of constantly evolving technology and architecture to pixel-perfect precision with best practices and agile construction at the forefront of works completed. 
we are an all in one it services provider in this region. a team of 20+ skilled & certified professional developers, designers, video editors, 3d modellers & animators, project managers and quality assurance individuals.  our team is dedicated in providing the work to our clients, meeting the highest quality standards, client specifications & timely delivery of services.  we have many years experience in building out small, medium to large websites & mobile apps with a heavy database backend. whether it is creating an app from scratch or picking up from where a previous developer had left off, i can work with you to produce a solution that simply works on all levels.   please get in touch for design & development within following categories mainly   corporate / business website  ecommerce website  financial website  social networking website  blog design & development  travel portal & community portal  real estate & property listing  website | mobile app design & development  magento & magento 2 expert developer  angularjs & reactjs expert programmer 
currently working as a junior developer.   in the process of learning php, reactjs & css/sass. ,
originally from st. maarten in the netherlands antilles, i am an experienced php, wordpress, and drupal developer, proficient in  combining responsive mobile friendly web design, database development, graphics design, search optimization, custom programming (using php/mysql, ajax, css, javascript, mod rewrite, jquery, dhtml, pdo, mysqli
i am a crm, site construction and email template specialist with over 5 years of experience in creating premium site presences for over 300 clients and counting.   i specialised in wordpress and have created sites across multiple industries including   - plumbing - beauty salon - dental - church - and many more!  i provide premium services with minimal turn around time at an affordable price to suit your small business or personal budgets. 
i grew up on a ranch in paradise valley, montana near chico hot springs. working on the ranch instilled work ethic and self motivation in me. filled with this drive, i started mowing the local school's yards twice a month throughout the summers, at the age of 12.   in 2004 i moved to billings, montana, where i have been deeply involved in the local business community ever since. a serial entrepreneur, i've run multiple businesses in our local community. the first business, a janitorial and carpet cleaning company, founded in 2005, has employed over 50 locals.   moving on to the media industry, several partners and i founded green directory montana in the spring of 2007. green directory's sustainability ranking software awarded points based on sustainable or  green  actions. these points counted towards a business's total  green score,  which in turn ranked them against other businesses in their category and throughout the entire site. it also featured a limited edition print version distributed annually.   a business acquisition allowed me to focus on new projects, and a few close business colleagues and i started rocky mountain mr. & ms. magazine, a lifestyle publication for men and women in the magic city.   after a year and a half at the helm of rm3 magazine, the business was purchased. i now run a web development company skypoint studios.  recently, skypoint studios has expanded to locations in havasu, arizona & vegas. skypoint studios is a market leader in both billings & havasu and i'm working on building that same level of market dominance in vegas.  specialties  extensive experience in online and offline business. especially savvy at wordpress, and operate several sites
web tech beast web design company in kallakurichi .i'm a people person. i really enjoy meeting and working with a lot of different people, and am known for being a great listener and clear communicator, whether i   m engaging with colleagues or employers.i'm the kind of person who knows how to execute difficult tasks with precision. i pay attention to all the details of a project. i make sure that every task is just right, but is also completed in a timely manner. ,
extremely curious mind, it's exhausting. , eystudios ,i   m a full stack web developer with graphic design background. lifelong learner and a problem solver always enthusiastic to work with creative people to learn from each other and solve bigger problems together as a team. constantly motivated in developing my skills and growing professionally.  over the years, i have designed and developed websites that not only look good but at the same time perform great too. i focus on creating contemporary designs taking into account the latest trends and technologies that help your business thrive online. i immensely focus on clean coding that is seo friendly so that your website can crawl up the index of major search engines easily to get found by your targeted visitors. i build responsive websites, i.e. the websites are device independent and can function equally and perfectly on mobile phones, tablets as well as desktops.  15+ years of industry experience and over 1300 clients served in providing bespoke website design and php web applications development. area of expertise include responsive website design, wordpress website development, ecommerce website development, opensource customization and integration.  technical skills include   1. web design  website design, logo design, print media design, flash design, template design, facebook fan page design, twitter background design.  2. web development  php/mysql, html5, css3, javascript/jquery. opensource integration and customization using wordpress, magento, joomla
javascript developer currently seeking new opportunities. , luckie , frontend web developer ,resume , whitneypageg charter communications , web developer 
skilled in core java, html, css, javascript and management. good with html, css and scss. solid knowledge and good working experience with jquery, javascript and php. extensive experience with drupal and wordpress. good experience with expressionengine and codeigniter. version control (git or svn), but obviously prefer git. very comfortable with the terminal. decent knowledge of mvc though it   s predominately codeigniter. working experience with responsive design and foundation (by zurb an alternative to twitter bootstrap). working understanding of oop concept in both php and javascript. working experience with agile development such as scrum. 
experienced project manager with a demonstrated history of working in the e-learning industry. skilled in management, javascript, react, responsive web design, leadership, and marketing. strong program and project management professional. 
as a ui/web developer, with 4years of professional work experience, dedicated to create usable, professional websites and applications using best practices. experiencing in  html5, css3, javascript, jquery, angularjs, bootstrap, wordpress. i am passionate to learn new things in technologies.looking forward to face chalenging jobs ,
i am an award-winning web developer more than 2 years of well-rounded experience. my professional skills are html, css, web designing, web development, seo (off-page and on-page both), photoshop, and i am working with freelancing projects also.and i m working with freelance projects. 
developer able to build a sophisticated user friendly website with a full database from the ground up. adept at working with diverse teams to implement projects. a quick study on new technologies. seeking a full time entry level position in front-end or back-end web development near the cleveland or akron, ohio areas. 
, june 15 , experienced webmaster / web designer/ web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the staffing and recruiting industry. skilled in php, mysql, html5, css3, scss, webpack, gulp, bower, wordpress, joomla, cms, e-commerce, woocommerce, mvc, merise, responsive web, adobe photoshop
a computer science major constantly looking for ways to learn and improve herself.appsolution is a leading offshore software development company providing customized application development, system integration, product implementation and consulting services. also provides software design services , database designing, re-engineering maintenance, graphic designing, quality assurance and product testing, technical & content writing.technical expertise microsoft technologies and open source. expertise in website / desktop applications relating to e-commerce website, health care,real estate, social networking,sports portal, auctions , facebook
i am driven by the endless possibilities of bringing to life unique and captivating websites that are easy to navigate through. i enjoy working in high stress situations and tend to look at things from a logical point of view.   through coding, i have been able to merge my passion for art with my love of puzzles and problem solving, tinkering with parts until they fit seamlessly together. being able to blend back-end logic with front-end design allows me to exercise and expand both my creative and analytical mind, working together to create impactful websites that provide the best experience for the user.   i am eager to be part of, and contribute to, a team environment that promotes alternative and innovative thinking, explores and experiments with new technologies, encourages growth, and believes in work being fun. 
experienced web developer in developing industry grade applications and websites with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry.  i am full of life person and always love what i do. i respect technology and innovations. believe in hard work along with smart-work. , diptibhardwaj1 ,
as a graduate of devmountain's immersive web development program, i've learned how to use an extensive list of development technologies and libraries, as well as the skills necessary to continue learning the many others available. my background in theatre design and stage management gave me the opportunity to develop a creative voice professionally, produce high quality work under difficult time constraints, and experience multitasking and managing personnel. ,
i recently completed an accelerated web development program, coding 12+ hours/day. even with the long hours i always found myself looking for more time to code. i am most proud of developing brewsource which provided me with the opportunity to strengthen my skills in react, php, mysql and bootstrap. my accelerated full-stack development program taught me to be confident in making mistakes, learning how to learn, and working to become a better me.
computer science under graduate student, with an interest in problem solving and focused in learning new technologies. seeking for an internship from leading organization where my skills and experience can be leveraged.  microsoft student partner  resume   
i graduated engineering science in 2015 from oxford university. i have specialized in control systems, machine learning and computer vision.  i am highly motivated and work well in teams. i have developed strong numerical skills over the years as well as enhancing my interpersonal and time management abilities. i have a genuine interest in cutting-edge technologies and i would like to put into practice the theoretical knowledge i have gained during my 4 years at university and enhance my knowledge in this field. , sensat 
full-stack skills (partial)...   -- web development (.net via asp/c# ...or... lamp via php/mysql)  --windows software (applications & drivers) development (c#, c++, c)  -- front-end web development (javascript/css3/dom/html/flash (actionscript))  -- back-end database creation/development (microsoft sql/mysql)  -- server management/deployment (microsoft sql server/apache on linux)  -- pci compliance experience  -- penetration tester/exploitation of  servers, applications, protocols, sql injection, encrypted networks, dom (browser page) insecurity upon certain browser settings, buffer overflows, application/port-specific exploits, exploit scanners, hardware/building security, cross-site scripting (xss)/javascript injection vulnerabilities, flash manipulation and decompilation, sensitive data handling/storage analysis, distributed denial of service (ddos)  -- server load testing, planning and preparation  -- coding applications, configuring servers/databases
a fullstack web developer, love to create web applications, enthusiasts in problem-solving. skilled in javascript,react.js,nodejs mongodb. strong engineering professional with a btech - bachelor of technology focused on computer science and engineering from surendra institute of engineering and management.
i   m web developer and am working on creating successful advanced projects. my areas of expertise, include php, codeignitor, mysqli, javascript, ajax, html, and css. i make the high-quality websites using php, ajax. i have a strong client focus and take a process approach to design and development of content managed web sites, with a view to continuously improve quality. , pankajchoyal1 
demonstrated ability to get things done and keep a great attitude while doing it. i have developed a love for creating applications in ruby on rails and javascript with react. i am making a huge career switch where i can leverage my experience in communication, user experience and coding. i am excited for what the future holds and i am excited to share it with you.
a recent graduate(2019) with a b.tech degree in computer science and engineering from dr. apj abdhul kalam kerala technological university, an experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in python (programming language), php,file conversions(json , xls , csv) , responsive web design, and familiarized with python machine learning libraries. to explore the best of me for whichever job i pursue. keen in learning new things coming challenges.  i completed m.c.a from shrimad rajchandra institute of management & computer application under uka tarsadia university, bardoli.in june,2017 
i love building new things-starting from a blank whiteboard or early-stage prototype and transforming it into something which people truly value. professionally i've done this in my first project and personally i am a explorer. , infoblox , web developer 
accomplished freelance web developer and associate degree graduate in computer science specializing in client/server relations with over 15 years of experience performing architectural design, implementation, and testing of enterprise-level systems. utilizing leading edge technologies as well as proven and tested methodologies enables me to maximize efficiency and output while maintaining a high standard of quality. currently, i am employed as lead programmer for a web development and marketing agency where i am responsible for maintaining client relations, managing a team of content writers and other developers, in addition to writing code. i am proficient in languages such as php, c#, and vbscript, javascript, jquery, angularjs, node.js, and have a firm grasp on current html, css standards. i write custom plugins for wordpress, create custom e-commerce flows, and enhance the presentation of dynamic content, in order to consistently exceed set client goals, ensure the highest level of service, and advance organizational objectives.  thank you. have a great day   ) 
skilled in javascript (react, vue, backbone, jquery), css (less & sass), php, freemarker. currently creating websites and working on building my software skills. aiming to join a team as a developer in the fall of 2019. as a developer at devmountain, i'm mastering my skills in front-end, back-end, and full-stack development using html 5, css 3, nodejs, reactjs, databases, and javascript. check out my progress on github! before switching into development, i gained many skills while working in san francisco at the ninth circuit court of appeals on a team that organized large scale projects for the judges and lawyers from the west coast.  previously wore multiple hats working for companies in utah in the hospitality and tourism industry. i was fortunate enough to work closely with some of the greatest athletes in the world and learned a lot about perseverance and teamwork.  specialties  customer service, public speaking, teamwork, web development, data structures, algorithms, object-oriented programming, front-end development, back-end development, java
web developer | flutter mobile developer. website - . tinkerer, and designer with a passion for clean modern code. my drive for creating and building enables me to learn and grow daily. when i am not building websites or ensuring my clients expectations are exceeded, i   m reading source code and working on passion projects.  my daily work includes doing website edits for maintenance clients, working on new projects with the team, qa   ing other developers work amongst various other tasks. i manage projects, and have quarterly strategy meetings with our clients to make sure they hit their financial goals with their businesses. i pride myself in building close relationships with our clients to better understand their needs and what is and isn   t working for them.   i know more today than i did yesterday, and i   m excited for tomorrow. if you check out my portfolio progressive web app below please make sure to clear your cache or view in a private browser, it is updated very often. also keep an eye out for some well hidden easter eggs. (6 total)  // more info about my portfolio   my portfolio is built from the ground up using javascript, css3, and html5. i decided to develop without the use of frameworks or a cms like wordpress to show that i can create a fully responsive website without having a cms do all of the heavy lifting for me. a solid understanding of how things work is a must for a developer.   my portfolio is a progressive web app (pwa) this means that you can download it onto your device, and it will work when there is no internet available as well as some other cool stuff under the hood. this site is hosted on github pages, meaning i have no access to the .htaccess file. this limitation made optimizing my site a creative task. i was still able to achieve straight 100   s on my lighthouse audit. i treat my portfolio like a playground, if i have a ridiculous idea in the middle of the night i   ll pop out of bed and code it into my site. 
i am a recent graduate from new york university. i have experience working in full-stack web development roles and in data analytics through coursework and projects.  i am currently looking for full-time roles starting july 2020 and open to relocation all over the country.   i like to program as a hobby, and as a result, a lot of my skills are self-taught. i have developed personal web development projects and data analytics projects which can be viewed on github.com/voltamperewatt. i have also been participating in the #makeovermonday visualization challenge.   web development skills   django, python, javascript, react, html, css, bootstrap, express.js, node.js, gatsby, create-react-app, mern stack  data skills   python
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in english, java, german, and hindi. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in computer science from truba college of science & technology, karond - gandhi nagar, bypass road, bhopal. , cutilixiusankur ,
detailed-oriented, responsible and committed engineer, with a get-it-done, on-time and high-quality product spirit, and more than 5 years of experience defining requirements, designing, implementing, testing and delivering complex back-end and web applications using various programming languages and technologies. technical proficiencies include  php ,ci,magento,javascript,jquery,html ,bootstrap,css ,ajax,mysql.. 
helping businesses to grow online. a well rounded individual capable of adapting and improvising in order to meet the objectives of any task in any industry. a fast study with  exceptional cognitive ability  as informed after completing the raf aptitude test, passing all included tests by a large margin with multiple external factors in play. , officialmitchc ,
experienced social media specialist skilled in social media, object-oriented programming (oop), social media outreach, social media education, and social media advertising. strong marketing professional with a bachelor of science focused in computer science from sri guru gobind singh college, sector-26. ,
i have been a hobbyist developer since 2017, constantly learning through various online platforms such as brilliant.org and freecodecamp.com. in 2018 i decided to turn my hobby into a professional skill set through lambda school, a full-time program teaching web development and computer science.  during my seven months at this school, i participated in agile team projects, transitioning between various topics and technologies with every weekly sprint. our core tech stack was mongodb, express, react, and node. i am now working for vode lighting under contract through kavaliro. working here has allowed me to experience enterprise-level java development, building out features for our web app that is used throughout the company. my tech stack at vode is primarily comprised of java, javascript, vue, and mysql. 
i am a developer with a passion for programming.  i love seeing my ideas and the code combine to take shape on the screen.  looking to improve my skills each day and practically apply them in the work place. 
i am a front end developer with industry experience building websites and web applications. i specialise in angular and have professional experience working with web technology and javascript 
i have more than one years of hands-on experience efficiently coding websites and applications using modern html, css, and javascript etc.  building state-of-the-art, easy to use, user-friendly websites and applications is truly a passion of mine and i am confident i would be an excellent addition to your organization. in addition to my knowledge base, i actively seek out new technologies and stay up-to-date on industry trends and advancements. this has allowed me to stay ahead of the curve and deliver exceptional work to all of my employers, including those i've worked for on a project basis. i   ve attached a copy of my resume detailing my experience, along with links to websites and applications i   ve had the honor of working on. ,
i am currently pursuing my bachelor of technology in computer science from jiet college of engineering, jodhpur. i am passionate about learning new things and especially when it comes to technology. i have a positive attitude towards life and handle every situation with patience. i am a keen learner and a smart worker. i always have a positive approach to all my work.   enthusiast coder    passionate learner    1000011100  is a big part of my life   idea hamster & creative   adhesive & focused toward my work 
lways eager to learn and get my hands on new technologies. open source enthusiast. currently into php development.  web developer currently associated with sweans technologies inc. i transform creative ideas into engaging virtual space by building functional, user-friendly, seo optimized and browser compatible websites. , 
over 4.5 years of experience in building applications using php and frontend technologies.      strong hands-on experience in developing applications using the lamp stack and php      frameworks laravel and codeigniter.      hands-on experience with major frontend development frameworks  like angular.js,      typescript, jquery, bootstrap, foundation, and backbone.js.      experience of agile (xtreme programming, scrum), waterfall and other software processes and standards. ,
 alented web developer having good logical skills. a quick learner and can adapt to any programming language within a short span of time. the objective of my professional life - seeking a challenging and rewarding opportunity with an organization of repute that recognizes my true potential and effectively utilizes/ nurtures my excellent analytical and technical skills 
web developer  -to pursure a challenging career and be part of a progressive organisation that give scope of enhance my knowledge and skills with sheer determination,dedication,and hard work.  -my future goal is to be at a respectable position where my presence is appreciated. 
an aspiring web developer with fundamental practical knowledge in full stack web development technologies such as angular and c#, whilst extensively using agile and kanban environments. a highly driven individual who enjoys sharing and reviewing ideas to improve the quality of work.  a committed team player with exceptional communication skills, i effectively build relationships with clients and colleagues to implement high quality solutions. as a self-motivator, i take responsibility in learning new technologies and use my personal hobbies as inspiration to build angular web applications in my spare time. ,
a mobility professional capable of managing technology projects from concepts to completion with remarkable deadline sensitivity.  proficient in developing wordpress plugins, mobile applications, wordpress websites etc. 
motivated it professional with servicenow consultant/implementor administrator training and knowledge in web developing, who is highly motivated, focused and organized with a strong technical skill set. experienced in network security with the ability to plan, coordinate, and implement network security measures.   comptia a +, comptia network +, comptia security +,  linux + certified.   knowledgeable in network security with the ability to plan, coordinate, and implement network security measures.  highly motivated, focused, reliable and organized worker with a strong technical skill-set, attention to detail, and experience in coding websites and application development . 
php developer with 2+ year experience.  -skilled in php, mysql, javascript, jquery, angular 7, angular js, html5, css3 etc. -hands on experience in cms, ecommerce, web applications, dynamic websites and saas cloud product. -worked with both product based and startup companies. 
i am a web developer with industry experience building websites and web applications. i specialize in javascript and have freelancing experience working with react.js. i also have experience working with php and react.js. i am looking for opportunities to showcase my knowledge and skills. i have good knowledge in web development. 
my positive attitude, dedication and time management have enabled me to grow in every aspect of my working life. previously, i worked for a startup, in a fast-paced environment, which allowed me to adapt quickly under pressure in different situations.   the influence of technology on our modern world has always fascinated me and i enjoy solving problems creatively. as a result, i wanted to seek a new challenge and develop new skills. this led me to do an immersive software engineering course at general assembly, whereby i developed skills in javascript, react, express, node.js and python. i am now looking to progress my career in the tech industry, whereby i can further my skills,  challenge myself and thrive as a junior web developer. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. mostly i have worked on front-end web development and i enjoy creating things that live on the internet, whether that be websites, applications, or anything in between. my goal is to always build products that provide pixel-perfect, performant experiences. 
an initiative-taking test automation engineer/front-end web developer based in orlando, fl. experienced in designing and implementing automated solutions. extreme passion for learning and applying newly learned concepts to real-world examples. 
i am php web developer working since 6+ years now. i started working with easy setups like installing and setting up themes, but over the years i have used my time and my determination to learn to reach to a stage where now i can make almost any site in laravel, wordpress, shopify & core php. also having knowledge of aws  mvc structured framework sites (like laravel, yi, codeigniter, cakephp) mobile api in laravel framework , core php wordpress customization worked on plugin like   buddypress, optimizepress theme forest theme manage (already manage avada, bridge strongly) wordpress template integrate or customize wordpress plugin customize or creation shopify theme customization shopify app customization create shopify store and categories products core php (like crawling sites using curl)  i can take up any laravel, wordpress, shopify work and deliver up to your satisfaction. , amanjaswalia 
full-stack and un-opinionated. i like to mix it up lately using lamp, mean and touch of python and java to spice it up. throw on angular 2, react and jquery for garnish! it's not about the technology you use, it's about finding the right solution for every problem. 
i developed  a small java game just like snake game i got cleared 1st round of codevita 2016 
i am a web developer and the owner of motta industries, a san francisco bay area web design company.  i've produced a wide range of branding websites and web applications.  i am proficient in cms customization (joomla, wordpress, drupal), css, html5, php and e-commerce.  my technical expertise   web design -- visual layout, graphical user interface, navigational design, banner ads and email campaigns.  front-end web development -- joomla, wordpress, html / xhtml, css, javascript, flash, seo / ses  software -- dreamweaver, photoshop, flash
experienced php & node.js developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in microsoft excel, node.js,express,php, e-commerce, c++, and paypal integration. strong engineering professional with a diploma focused in diploma from govt. polytechnic college mandsaur. 
if you do what you love, you'll never work a day in your life. in this truth, i realize that i haven't truly worked since my first job out of high school.   my evolution both within the corporate sphere and as a person has prepared me to be one of the best in the world in what i do, and that is digital consulting.   everything from playing competitive basketball, achieving my black belt in tae kwon do and my years spent as a programmer and full-stack developer to fulfilling many projects as a social media and seo lead - i have developed the skills necessary to perform at the highest level in whatever i set my mind to do.  by delivering a combination of quality strategies, implementing frameworks and productivity increasing workflows for teams, i have created multiple successful campaigns that have seen companies exceed their goals by over 800%!  to produce these results i am constantly sharpening my sword, working with and learning from some of the best gurus from around the world covering everything from programming to social media advertising, to linkedin outreach. they continue to teach me, coach me, mentor me, and encourage me. i believe in constant growth and mastery within myself and my businesses. , devingrayllc ,
a professional and motivated developer with a passion for web development. also experienced in email development, design for digital and print media, and web project management. an enthusiastic learner, keen on personal growth, and determined to succeed.  proven record of working on own initiative as well as in teams, managing projects using various methods and most recently using agile methodologies. experienced working in a variety of environments with a multitude of organisations, from small businesses and charities to global corporations.  skills       tech and stacks  lamp stack. jamstack. html5. css3. javascript. bootstrap. sass. bem. material ui. jquery. react.js. gatsby. graphql. restful apis. php. mysql. laravel. wordpress. node.js. express. mongodb.     tools and processes  git. github. gitlab. command line. ssh. wsl. visual studio code. sublime text. xampp. laragon. plesk. cpanel. postman. unit testing. ci/cd (continuous integration, continuous delivery).     project management  agile development using the scaled agile framework (safe). program increments, scrum, kanban, sprints, retrospectives, reviews, and demos.     email dev  responsive and dynamic html email development. ampscript. ssjs (server-side javascript).      software  salesforce marketing cloud (exacttarget). mailchimp. jira. wrike. trello. confluence. sharepoint. adobe creative cloud (photoshop, dreamweaver, illustrator, lightroom). adobe marketing cloud (omniture).     understanding and experience in related areas  cross browser compatibility. w3c standards compliance. domain and hosting management. workflow through development
i am a passionate developer and coding bootcamp graduate who is constantly learning new technologies and frameworks. i am seeking opportunities to be fully immersed in the tech industry. i highly prioritize opportunities that help me grow and become a better programmer so as to utilize my skills to benefit my team.  during my off-hours, i spend time learning various technologies by coding my own personal projects, which range from wireframing and front-end design to back-end logic and functionality. i'm currently building a mean stack/angular material ui task productivity web application, and i'm teaching myself c# development to build a c# back-end/angular front-end application that allows users to better keep track of their progress in the job hunt. 
experienced mentor with a demonstrated history of working in the e-learning industry. skilled in php, html, bootstrap, css, javascript, and mysqli. strong professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused in electronics and communication engineering from indian institute of information technology bhagalpur. ,
i am a web developer , i develop websites using different types of languages such as core php, php with framework , asp.net , c# , java & i have also knowledge about digital marketing & seo. ,
 since 2016 i've started my job career. as a fresher i have joined elcamino software pvt ltd gurgaon as a admin moderator for zoosk.com(american no1 dating website) and gain lot of knowledge how actually website backend works and undestand term of policy website which was similar to youtube policy. after left this job with 14000rs/m salary i moved to chandigarh and joined adfliar media solution and worked as a seo executive for 6000rs/m. there i learned about digital marketing and ranked lots of website but till now i was not satisfied with my work i decided i will work in programming field i left the job very hardly and once again started search a job for php and luckily i got job as a internternship(3000rs/m) within a weak. now i dont have any mood to change this field because i am enjoying this job. since 2018 i've started my pure journey with php & i've developed a number of websites including ecommerce & membership website. now i've shifted my focus only to api (development & programming). and have gained a lot of experiences of working with amazone s3 api, ebay api, infusionsoft api, dropbox api, facebook api (fql), aweber api, twitter api and various google's api. 
i remember the excitement i felt as a kid hearing the dial-tone followed by those weird, screeching sounds, and then, suddenly, i was connected to a library half-way across the world... although it wasn't always so  sudden .  technology has changed our world in more ways than we know.  i love being apart of that!  in college, i used technology to compose and produce music.  from writing software that mapped my voice in real-time to a piano keyboard, to creating a gui for other musicians to do the same, i felt like a wizard!   as a full-stack developer my primary work now includes building/improving apps and apis using javascript, react, redux, node, python and django.  not long ago, i learned a whole new data visualization library to improve an app my team was building. i love learning new tech, and building apps is a great way to do it.  i recently enjoyed building a game that included both dft and bft graph traversals to automate player moves.  whether it is building a social network or a drumkit app, i am thrilled to be back in the world of tech - writing software, building apps, changing our world.   portfolio  josh-gorton.com , joshgortoncodes ,
php - wordpress developer.  having good experience and professional technical background in web development and technology. 
ability to create innovative, creative, & interactive web designs to boost customer engagement. profound knowledge in html5, jquery, react.js, & other ui frameworks. build reusable code for future use while optimizing web performance.        web technologies     html, css, javascript       framework     reactjs , bootstrap       database     mysql       tools/ide     eclipse, netbeans, visual studio code, sublime text, atom       version control     git, github        language - c, c++, java ,
experienced developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in sql, cascading style sheets (css), php, and html. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications focused in computer science from birla institute of technology. ,
experienced web team lead with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. thriving within a high pressure, deadline driven environment, loves the challenge that brings the best of me and always looking for going with the trending technologies.  always keen towards learning.   skilled in php, sql , mysql, javascript, html, css, wordpress and jquery ajax. working as full stack developer with deep knowledge of both frontend and backend.  handling projects & dealing with clients with deep understanding and providing them better solutions and technologies to use for better performance. focus on understanding clients business model dealing with major clients of us & middle east, and fewer of australia & europe. 
i am pursuing cse at lovely professional university. i am a competitive programmer and a passionate frontend web developer. my projects    1. covid-19 tracker built using react.js, bootstrap, material ui. 2. student grade calculator using python 3. to do list using python django. 4. expense tracker using react. 5. movie search application using react 6. travel booking using java. some of my achievements   global rank 139 in june long challenge on codechef. cleared java, python, problem-solving coding assessments on hackerrank
looking for a full stack developer here i am.  1 year experience on mvc technology and on multiprojects.  experience in design,development,database mangament system.  experience on working with team and single.  specialties  asp.net(web forms,mvc,.net core), c#, linq, sql server, jquery, html, javascript,css,bootstrap,entity framework. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in logo design, php, jquery, web design, and management. strong engineering professional with a bsc - bachelor of science focused in information technology from aisect university. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in sql, php, cascading style sheets (css), html, and javascript. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications focused in computer science from acharya institute of technology. 
coding, designing, building, programing and managing web sites and have comprehensive coverage of e-commerce principles, models, and practices.   exploring internet marketing and retailing, payment and order fulfillment and e-commerce models such as business-to-business (b2b) and consumer-to-consumer (c2c).   working on both front-end and back-end programming  front-end includes designing the navigation and tools of a given site, while back-end entails establishing database and hardware infrastructure.  implementing security measures to have a safe browsing experience for all users. 
i am a software engineer. i code everyday. i have active engagement in rotaract and toastmasters club. rotaract has taught me the four-way test which gave me core values  to be honest and to have integrity. in toastmasters, i am working to be a public speaker. , tata consultancy services 
i am catherine, a human resource professional that works at perfecting all things hr related and thoroughly making sure the office runs smoothly.  regards  catherine higgins , fiverr 
i am an innovative and fully bi-lingual senior full lamp stack web developer with more than 15 years of experience and proven track record in designing, developing, and delivering secured, cost-effective, high performance web applications deployed and supported in a high availability cloud based (aws) linux environments. ,
author web developer chess player animal lover working on first novel , merit software services private limited , web developer 
looking forward to a challenging position where i can contribute my skill and abilities and deliver maximum output with honesty for the growth of the organization and personal professional career. ,
i have 3 years of hands-on experience in seo/digital marketing and    php/ wordpress web development.   job objective   willing to work in a progressive and challenging work environment where i would be able to significantly contribute my digital marketing skills to the organization's requirements while continuously improving my skill-set.  specialties  seo + ppc + smm  - google ads - search engine optimization (seo) - keyword research - google analytics, search console, google tag manager - social media marketing - social media optimization - facebook marketing - facebook lead generation - customer relationship management  - wordpress theme development - wordpress website development - wordpress issue fixes - php  - html5 - css3 - mysql,javascript 
are you looking for website designer, graphic designer, seo   i can give you 100% satisfaction guarantee assurance in your budget only. offering services are as follows  logo design, website design, banners, posters business cards, letterheads, digital marketing, branding & identity of a firm/company at affordable prices without comprising the quality and on time delivery.  i am very open to discuss on your requirement and free to share ideas. so if you need an advice or quotation regarding website design, logo design, brochure, any graphic design work you can contact me.  i am expertise in the following services.  - website design   - logo design - graphic design - brochure design - branding & identity - front end design - website audit - competitor research - keyword research - site structure - local business listing - social bookmarking - blog submission - guest blogging - forum posting - video submission - social media engagement  looking forward to continue my establishments and contribute more to the betterment of businesses.   thanks & sincerely, aneri manvar 
this is mohammad asif i'm currently doing b.tech from iimt collage of engineering greater noida i am look up career as a web designer 
work experience in start-up based | payment gateway | fintech domain | online - teaching portal project | java developer | java/j2ee | spring framework | spring boot | restfull web services | microservice | hibernate orm | jpa | javafx 
i mostly do php/mysql related work, from easy modifications to complex website development projects, with more than a decade of experience, always following the latest high-end standards. if you   re after a simple design coding job or require an advanced website building service, i'm here to assist.  just so you know, i work with individuals as well as web design companies that have customers of their own, that is why i will not publish links to my work as part of usual non-disclosure agreements.   among the things i pay most attention to       pixel-perfect coding     hand-coded w3c valid xhtml/css     cross browsers / platform compatibility     mobile device friendly layouts (responsive)     seo semantic code standards     optimized and sliced graphics     search engine friendly source code  you are, of course, welcome to get in touch with any further questions you may have, i'm always happy to talk. please note that i can only take on remote positions at the moment, thank you. ,
hello my name is sunny, i am a web developer and web designer. i have more than 5 years of work experience. i am knowledgeable with wordpress. i have extensive experience with html5, css3, javascript & php. i am able to work these programs in both apple and pc platforms. i know seo smo as well. currently i am a freelancer and can make all sorts of things including sites and apps, for all sorts of platforms including web, mobile, tablets and social media using php, mysql, html, css & javascript etc.  i have 12 unique ideas and i want to patent them and after than i want to start a billion dollar company as soon as possible. currently i am learning some important business skills & improving myself. ,
computer science graduate from iit bhubaneswar.  currently working as a full stack web developer for alacriti. 2+ years of experience in writing rest apis's and angular components along with significant experience in aws services , docker , sql and no sql databases 
harsh is a hardcore tech person, at sapiens innospace, he helps startups, entrepreneurs by taking care of their tech stuff like building product roadmap, product development (website development, android app development, ios app development, back-end, server handling etc).  he can help you in feature prioritisation based on launch or requirements. he can give you right advice for your product like what technology stack you should choose, what should be right approach to build the product etc. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, content management systems (cms), web services api, html, and software development. strong engineering professional with a bsc in information technology focused in information technology from ajanta public school. ,
it has been more than 3.1 years dealing with them, all updation and maintenance in the website are done very smoothly and perfectly. i am totally satisfied.
i am a permanent web developer with php framework like codeigniter, laravel, wordpress, cakephp with sql database. also knowledge of html, css, javascript, jquery for purpose of designing. i am doing freelancing at my own time with all the framework in web and app. 
a full stack web  developer  having master level knowledge of all latest technologies being used in web application development  like -  angular js, react js, vue js, php and  laravel framework ,
i am an autodidact, who is looking to continue learning and drawing experience from future employers, and peers. i have a storied history in the information technology industry, and am continually expanding my skills and knowledge to be the best developer, i can be. i hope to delve deeper into the world of computer science and am an absolute sponge for all things scientific. if you have information i can incorporate into my skill set, please reach out to me! , bobfraccounting 
very enthusiastic self taught and motivated programmer ready to learn new things, now i specialize in front-end engineering with a passion for standards, quality and innovation.  core skills include      email and web development     html5, css3 (flexbox, grid), bootstrap, and jquery (plugins). responsive and mobile-first design email templates/websites.    online/offline design     photoshop, illustrator, sketch    familiar with cro and ux/ui design principles    testing tools - litmus 
i   m a full stack web developer and a tech leader of an it software company. with my team, i have developed more than 250 projects over the last 7 years.  i   m good at conceptualizing business requirements into niche solutions with validated and tested code. i am an experienced javascript and php web developer, creating websites and saas portals for almost 7 years, virtually across every industry. i have extensive experience using project management tools and comfortable using communication channels.  whether you are starting a new project from the ground level or need enhancement in an existing product, i can work on every aspect of your project (from front-end design to back-end integration), or just certain functionalities, based on your specific needs. i will work with you along every step of the way to ensure that there are no surprises, and only satisfaction deliveries.         technical expertise        + php frameworks     laravel, codeignitor, symphony, zend  + database coding     mysql, sqlite, postgresql, mongodb, firebase + cms     magento 1/2, wordpress
west yorkshire, united kingdom , freelance swift/c# software developer and web application specialist with extensive experience of full software lifecycle from requirements gathering, prototyping, design & architecture to user interface and user interaction. currently specialising in swift/ios and microsoft .net and related technologies  fluid & progressively-enhanced web design and user interface development. , ianaturner ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php,html,bootstrap css, jquery, laravel, and ajax. ,
i'm a well organized, skilled, punctual, highly social, creative and forward looking person who loves the learning curves and thrives to make the world a better place by doing what's required of him, above, beyond and then some... 
i am working experience in 5 year of market ing flield in success sign esulotion pvt ltd 
experienced senior web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, code igniter, web services and qa. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering (b.eng.) focused in computer science from ptu, jalandhar(punjab). , gskhattra 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, wordpress, c++, jquery, and mysqli. strong engineering professional with a master of business administration - mba focused in business administration, management and operations from jaipur national university. ,
asp.net mvc web developer  ,i   m a senior wordpress developer living in ahmedabad, india.  for three years i have been building custom wordpress websites for businesses and individuals. i specialize in crafting easytouse backend experiences so my clients can easily manage their own website.  i can be your technical partner, understanding your goals and assembling the right solution with a focus on speed, performance, usability, and scalability. my deep technical knowledge and experience can help you avoid common issues and costly mistakes. , vaibhavgvb 
full stack developer with  over 5+ years with full project software/project lifecycle development  requirement analysis/design, testing, deployment, and product support.     experience in the domains of research/environmental science/finance/mobile application/enterprise data.     ui/ux experience building visual control features for tools on enterprise website and web applications    extensive understanding and hands-on implementation of the application design concepts including object oriented programming (oop) and scripting languages.    experience in implementing service oriented applications (soa) with web services using wsdl, soap, rest, and xml.    designing, implementing, and executing unit, integration, performance, stress, and end-to-end testing/quality assurance on enterprise applications     proficient in relational database concepts with extensive experience in relational data modeling, design and implementation with sql on oracle, mysql, and arcgis spatial databases.     web application frameworks like arcgis. wide portfolio of software development applications, environments and languages, linux
experienced editor in chief with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in big data technologies like python, hadoop, oracle, windows 7, python, microsoft excel, and sql. strong media and communication professional with a bachelor's degree focused in information technology from graphic era hill university. , anmoltanubhrt ,
i am a web developer i have a 2.4 years of experience in this field . initially started my carrier as a it consultant in an prapti  technology solution from october 2016. then i continued my carrier as a web developer in social hub info solutions, from august 2017 ,
ever since i was 13, designing has been my passion.i have grown my skills in photoshop, coreldraw, illustrator, cad, 3ds max and parallel learn codding.          i love applying responsive design principles and watching my web pages shrinks into mobile screens and still look amazing. i also love to solve customer's problems with modern technology.  professional skills  html | css | xd | java-script | illustration  | designing ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in laravel, codeigniter,  php, vue.js, angular js, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), wordpress, plugin development, theme development, and html. strong engineering professional graduated from govt. polytechnic college. 
finalist of smart india hackathon 2019 , major league hacking ,creative reactjs developer .  proficiency in javascript, including dom manipulation and the javascript object model. thorough understanding of react.js and its core principles. experience with popular react.js workflows (such as flux or redux). knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as json web token.
i am a wordpress developer for more than 4 years of experience at the beginning of his career, html, css. the small company had an extraordinary amount of matter and wordpress and i'm working my best. and improvements to the plugin itself, create templates and wordpress themes to customize the design of ways to implement the html in wordpress. like many in the plugin, wordpress themes, and i am also learning something extraordinary amount ... develop new technologies. determine the site's users. develop graphic design. confer with the client to discuss ideas for the layout, colors, and organization of the site. collect text documents and images. oversee production and implementation. add html extensions such as animations and surveys. ,
experienced web developer with 3.5 years of professional experience in development of web based application and websites. skilled in html, css, javascript, jquery, sql, php, joomla and wordpress. worked on multiple projects with responsive designs. ability to work as an individual and also a team worker. keen to learn new things and hard worker. knowledge of creating static and dynamic web pages. knowledge of creating classified web application. 
doing php development from last 8 years ,web developer in python and advance php(laravel) 
ui design, backed development, business logic & database design, graphic designing, full lifecycle software development, client relations, client communication, visual design linux server, user experience design (ued), business technology, responsive web design, woocommerce shape code n design, it will shape world. , gouravation ,
seeking a challenging opportunity in a productive, responsible and challenging environment where my knowledge and experience can contribute to the organizational growth as well as help me to grow professionally in the it industry, management, lecturer. 
i'm looking for of a good a challenging and progressive career opportunity position that allow me to use and develop my skills, knowledge fulfils my ambitions and utilizes my academic background and work experience.      cooperative and capable of team working for achieving common goals.      enthusiastic to meet different people and work in a new environment and to be exposed to diverse cultures.      ready for new challenges and open to change career when rewarding opportunities arise.      web technologies  php, html, javascript, css ,
i am passionate to work with web technologies, i build responsive web applications that give a rich experience to the users. reach out to me at 
i am manoj mali  planning to be financially independent, and have control of my time and location as well as to acquire my finances without violating my values, goals and personal mission. key values  growth, honesty, passion & commitment, adaptability, customer centricity to live everyday fully as if it was my last. learn as if you were to live forever...!!! , manojmali ,
i am very professional to my work and it's my passion to work as a digital marketer .web developer, web design, database administrator and interactive project manager in a wide variety of business applications. always interested in migration projects.   specialties  seo marketing, video marketing, film/video producer, affiliate marketing.   all plans included  home page - content management system - seo - installation & setup - slider design - content integration - contact form - mobile and tablet friendly design - social media integration - photo gallery - html 5 the latest html standards - search engine friendly - blog setup - online customer support
developed websites for a large range of companies including avery dennison, bank of scotland, bbc, british medical association, heriot-watt university, northern ireland tourist board, speedy hire and microsoft. have also created websites for ten different agencies of the scottish government.  languages include  css/sass, javascript/typescript/jquery, vbscript, sql, java and python frameworks include angular 9 and sharepoint network administration includes iis  very friendly chap that enjoys sailing and chess. , yachtinglimited 
currently spending a lot of time behind a keyboard, full time student (currently on a self-employed placement year) and working as an application developer. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the animation industry. skilled in adobe photoshop, front-end development, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), and web development. strong engineering professional with a 12 focused in computer science from vikas high school. 
i have been designing and developing engaging websites for more than 5 years now. a wide range of diverse clientele has helped me in building a good grasp of customer requirements. i   m dedicated to delivering robust websites and web applications that work across all devices.  #webdevelopment #websitedevelopment #webapplicationdevelopment #phpdeveloper #html5 #css3 #javascript #jquery #angularjs #mysql #database #redesign #webdesign #jade(pug) #sass #creativedesign  #graphicdesign #backenddevelopment #phplaravel #dynamicwebsites #staticwebsites #webhosting #webservers #seo #searchengines #socialmediamarketing #socialmediastrategy #campaigns #paidads #onpageseo #offpageseo #backlinking #datasourcing #marketresearch #posterdesign #bannerdesign #flyerdesign #brochuredesign #logodesign #adobephotoshop #adobeillustrator #adobepremierpro #adobeaftereffects #promotionalvideocreation #videoediting #mailchimp #emailmarketing #gsuit #emailbackup #professionalemail #sslcertificate #websecurity #userinterface #userexperiance #leadgeneration #landingpagedevelopment #googleadwords #googleadsense #googleanalytics #webmastertools #googlemybusiness #googlesearchconsole #payperclick #affiliatemarketing  #digitalmarketing #digitalmarketingspecialist , private consultancy , freelance full stack web developer and digital marketing specialist 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in drupal, php, wordpress and management. ,
university of southern california annenberg school for communication and journalism , student worker - web developer 
i'm a rookie web developer ready to learn all i can to become best. want to become one the best web developer in the world. , self employed 
coding and gaming what more should i say  current project an instant messaging social media site called singularity , host havoc ltd. 
enthusiastic web developer with a demonstrated history of working with the computer software . skilled in c++, python (programming language), back-end web development, html, and javascript. currently a junior in b.tech focused on computer science from national institute of technology, tiruchirappalli. ,
i have a passion for solving difficult problems.i pick up new technologies and frameworks fast and can quickly analyze their pros and cons.my curious and self-starter nature drive me to continually explore new technologies and apply them in my work.   i thrive in collaborative, high-pressure environments and love coordinating with others to devise creative approaches to complex problems.i have found, through my years in various professional workplace settings, that a little bit of patience and understanding goes a long way in building rich and productive team dynamics
front-end web developer with a passion for web design/development. previous experience in talent acquisition/hr. , sunshine behavioral health 
motivated developer with creating custom websites through php and css. strong collaboration skills and proven history of application development. dhtml and javascript. ms access and mysql. 
full stack web developer and freelancer. proficient in ui development and graphic designing.   specialized in    responsive web development ui designing mern stack (mongodb, express, react, node) wordpress ,
i am a self-taught freelance front-end developer based in the uk, and i develop fast interactive front ends, using the latest technologies and techniques to reduce page load time. i use my knowledge and tools to save time in development, including predecessors and my own custom framework to kick start a project.  skills and expertise    - solid knowledge of modern html/css practices   - strong knowledge of wordpress   - ux (user experience)   - proficient using design software such as photoshop and illustrator   - basic knowledge of javascript and php, apis   - basic knowledge of search engine optimization (search engine optimization)  i am currently only interested in remote positions. feel free to contact me regarding possible projects, collaborations, and opportunities. 
i'm an inquisitive and dedicated front end developer who enjoys building functional, responsive things on the web.  i work well with others and believe we succeed and fail as a team!  i have knowledge and skill with html5, css3, sass, bootstrap, javascript, react, jquery, gulp, jasmine testing suite, wordpress, vs code, sublime text, notepad++, windows os  associates of psychology - university of tn  12 years of retail experience with merchandising, order fulfillment, and customer relations and extensive knowledge of sap, bi hana
i   m web developer , working in ui design, web development and programming.  i spend my days with my hands in many different areas of web development.i had spent 2 + years in the corporate world as a web developer. 
front end developer for clinical biotech applications freelance web developer react, apis, node.js b.s. biological sciences from umd  web 
web programming | single page application | user interface design | front-end development | html5 | css3 | javascript | jquery | bootstrap | angularjs | angular2.0 | angular4.0 | angular6.0 | reactjs | nodejs | redux | java | restful webservices | materialize css | sass | typescript | rxjs | webpack | babel | git | jira | unit testing |  search engine optimization | agile  summary      versatile front-end developer with 5 years of experience designing, developing, and managing websites and internal frameworks.     proven expertise in angular2.0 and responsive design. ,
after 15 successful years of sales and customer service management in and around the tech industry, i have taken the next step and learned web development. i have used my marketing knowledge to consult with small businesses on how to generate higher returns by utilizing their online presence, and built web apps to suit their commercial needs and styles. ,
accept responsibility for your life. know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.  
i became interested in coding because of an engineering computation class at byu-idaho and decided i wanted to make a career out of it. web development excites me because i get the chance to build things that people will actually use. i am excited about all the learning experiences that coding has to offer. , devmountain student developers 
experienced front end developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry.  skilled in user experience (ux)  and ui(user interface), html5,  bootstrap 4, material designing,  cascading style sheets (css), scss, scss, psd to html conversion,  angular 7, 8 and  javascript, animation libraries. angular api integration, alogolia instant search functionality implementation in angular.   i have intermediate-level knowledge in search engine optimisation, content marketing, and social media marketing.   strong media and communication professional with a b.tech focused in computer science & technology from aktu. ,
i   m an experienced web developer looking for a challenging new role in the it industry with the opportunity to work with the latest technologies on challenging and diverse projects. i have worked on multiple sites during my short career and have been able to learn a lot of every single one of them. experience in front end development technologies including advanced html, css, java script, jquery, angularjs .  i am always open to work on new technologies or entering new areas with interesting problems to solve. if you have some cool projects that you think we can hack on together just write me an email, a message or even just tweet at me. ,
i am a back-end developer by passion and profession. currently, my area of expertise lies in web application designing to full-featured development of web-based systems using python web-frameworks, mainly django, flask, and webapp2. although i am also parallelly working on being a full-stack web developer. being said that, i also possess vast management and leadership skills that i have accumulated and acquired all through my past ventures and experiences. with my competent and focused mindset, hard-working and self-learning abilities, i am continuously learning new skills to keep pushing myself forward to my life goals of becoming an aced and credible software developer.  now, regarding new opportunities and endeavors  i   m currently available for freelance work, internships, or full to part-time developer positions. so, if you have a project that you want to get started, think you need my help with something or just fancy saying hey, 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. strong engineering professional skilled in cascading style sheets (css), php, wordpress, jquery, and html5. 
junior full stack web developer with experience in python and javascript, including node.js, postgresql, express, reactjs, jquery, html/css, mongodb and amazon web services. currently located in houston and open to relocation. completed digital crafts full stack web development program. seeking a position where creativity and leadership meets entrepreneurship. experience designing and building full stack apps from conception to deployment. 
i have high degree of self motivation , i'm a quick learner, i'm a person who works with a commitment ,i'm always kin to learn new things, i use all my setup skills to the growth of the company as well as mine 
i am a software developer, have passionate in developing educational software & web development. i have professional knowledge of php, mysql, html, css, js, nodejs, angular, e-learning software and data analytics , vssnaveenkumar ,
i'm a full stack developer who loves building user interfaces for web and mobile apps. i recently started working on an open-source project called moodtotunes that utilizes react, redux, and the soundcloud api. i'm passionate about blockchain, as well as artificial intelligence, and machine learning.  skills  html, css, sass, less, javascript, jquery, bootstrap, mysql, mongodb, express, react, node.js, redux
web development in angularjs & reactjs with nodejs & mongo, responsive web designing using angular materials , bootstrap 4/3 and css 3 
i'm web developer and android app development is my newest intraction with the technology.  simple design is best design, elegance of minimalism is magnificent. ,
with a background in business development and a passion for software engineering, i'm always on the look out for opportunities to work on great teams as a developer.   currently working in ecommerce with backbone.js and marionette.js at b&h photo , b&h photo video 
enthusiastic and self-driven web developer with past experience as a graphic designer. experienced in end to end development for single-page applications, learning and experimenting with new technologies, libraries & frameworks as needed.  - 1 year commercial development experience with javascript, typescript, react, node.js, express.js, graphql & apollo - 2 years of web and ui development experience using javascript, react, html, and css and cmses like wordpress & squarespace ,
mobile - react native, react native cli  frontend - react, vue, javascript, styled components  backend - php/laravel, mysql, mongodb, node  favorite tools - vscode, tableplus, iterm/zshrc 
ensight business solutions pvt ltd , wordpress web developer ,experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, bootstrap, core java and hardware installation. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in computer engineering from pvppcoe | padmabhushan vasantdada patil college of engineering. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in, reactjs, nodejs, expressjs, mongodb, javascript, docker, oracle database, databases, management, full-stack development, and web applications. strong engineering professional with a post graduate focused in advanced computing from centre for development of advanced computing   c-dac. , cloud_developr 
being from the engineering background i had the option of developing two different skillsets, first, the technical skillset, where i had to do coding, web development and other cool stuff or go for non-technical skillset i.e. marketing, management etc. i was interested in both of them and wanted to learn both.  guess what  i was successful.  coming to my technical skills first, i am a web developer with experience in developing websites using node.js, angular,  vue and firebase. i have got many projects under my belt in these areas. well, i can also develop websites using wordpress too. with extreme fascination towards chatbot, i learned to develop chatbot using dialogflow. also, i am a programmer with command over c, c++, java, javascript, and python. i am a machine learning enthusiast.  so, it's often said that by joining a startup one can really polish and develop their skills. well
i am experienced web programmer who has successfully worked various huge projects and has proven my skill in many opportunity. i am the responsible for the working and try to keep the best relationship with the clients.   codeigniter | magento | php | web api | web design | ajax | jquery  my vision   high quality, high satisfaction and lot of money..!!!   area of expertise   * php ( php, codeigniter,magento) - 1.75 years * web api( restful api,json,xml) - 1.75 years * design ( responsive web design, html, css3, psd , psd to html, photoshop,bootstrap ) - 1 years  * js ( jquery, ajax) - 1.75 years  * database (mysql) - 1.75 years * server management, db management --- more flexible every field of technology and trends
experienced web developer specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in yii, php, wordpress, jquery, and laravel. strong professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in computer engineering from dr. subhash technical campus (695). strong professional with a diploma engineering -  focused in computer engineering from aitsds (atmiya institute of technology and science for diploma studies). 
experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, wordpress design, jquery, java script, laravel, codeigniter, css3 and html5. strong information technology professional graduated from rajasthan institute of engineering & technology, jaipur. , badshahsahu ,
i am web developer having fresher of website development, design and database . i have done projects for various clients under various domains like car dealers, real estate, job boards, forex , ecommerce etc.  i have hands on experience in php, wordpress,  mysql, html, css, photoshop.  experienced in wordpress  sites, development, configuration, optimization, migration, custom theme development. working with various plugins and widgets, customization according to client requirements. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, wordpress, customer relationship management (crm), shopify, and codeigniter. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer engineering from kurukshetra university. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in search engine optimization (seo), website and software development , php, wordpress, and c++. good knowledge of technical content writing and content marketing. strong engineering professional with a diploma focused in information technology from govt polytechnic lucknow. 
drupal developer with 3.2 years of experience, drupal 7,8  drupal skills  * drupal theming * drupal site building * drupal custom module development * web and project management module installation/customization 
experienced frontend developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in mailchimp, wordpress, drip marketing, sketching, internal sales tools and hubspot. strong engineering professional with a master of science (m.sc.) focused in computer science from bapatla engineering college. 
programming || python || c || java || web  development || html || css || bootstrap || javascript || flask || sql || sqlalchemy || wordpress 
to work in a dynamic & growth stimulating environment, which provides ample opportunity to enhance my skills and be successful professional in the field of system and information technology. , breakingknowlez
uk developer seeking web / software development work - seeking full-time work from home due to disability. skills  c#, asp.net mvc, bootstrap, ef6, fluent api, sql server, javascript, jquery, angularjs, mvvm, html, css, winforms, visual basic, ood/oop & more. 
fitness freak | multipotentialite | efficacious_audacious | audiophile | technophile | bibliophile 
pulling from my diverse scientific background and artistic endeavors, i   ve paved a new career path as full-stack web developer with a focus on front-end web development & digital design. i enjoy tapping into my creative, analytical, and problem-solving skills to design, create, and support visually appealing and user-friendly company websites, intranets, and digital media.  i recently earned my full stack web and applications development certificate from the university of texas and have worked as web developer for ufcu for over two years. i went from having zero experience to a full-time role within three years by looking for and creating opportunities to grow professionally and expand my value to an organization. most recently, i taught myself adobe illustrator, after effects, and premiere pro to fulfill a graphic design gap for internal marketing needs, creating logos, scratch cards, presentations, and animated videos to help the internal communications team.  a few career successes include        winning the interact intranet award as part of a two-member team and being nominated as an international award finalist for ragan   s communications best in instructional/educational content category.       creating a website from scratch in two months with a database hookup running a dynamic test menu for the vp of marketing and sales at sonic reference lab while working as corporate quality manager  received high praise from the vp, who presented it to the ceo of sonic health care usa and obtained approval for production.   specialties adobe illustrator, photoshop, after effects
proficient technical writer with experience in developing help manuals, reference guides, user guides, faqs, system messages, community posts and blogs for enterprise software solutions * 1.5+ years of experience in creating and publishing digital content for technical documentation and demand generation programs * excel at working with subject-matter experts to gather information, identify relevant data and audiences, and write documents that are clear and user friendly * foundation level understanding of information development lifecycle (idlc) and software development lifecycle (sdlc) * published articles on mobile security best practices in online magazines and tech portals ,
in a nutshell  entrepreneur at heart, i love challenges and having impact through my work and creations. marketer by training and mindset, full-stack web developer, and a keen observer and contributor to the technology, investment and startup ecosystems.  with a background in marketing, insights, account & project management in mnes like coca cola/innocent, and innovative startups alike, i have a flair for spotting problems, identifying opportunities and ways to make things bigger and bolder.  looking ahead, i believe the future is being created by the visionary startups that want to change the world and the people that make them happen. i aim to be one of those people.  always up for a chat on future of work, remote, voice, or ideas that put a spin on our current view the world.
web developer with a bachelor of science computer science degree. currently working at money map press an agora company in baltimore, md. mmp has many opportunities and they are a great place to work for many types of fields so look them up if you are searching. ,
having 4+ years experienced into web development. technologies worked on react.js, redux, angular 8, es6 concepts, typescripts, javascript, jquery, ajax, bootstrap, responsive view design, html5 and css3.  integrated the api and consuming the json data and displayed over dom. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. 
i'm a web developer with a background in accounting, based in santa ana, ca. as i was earning my degree, i was exposed to the tech world through courses in c# and c++. this exposure helped me realize i was drawn to programming's creative problem-solving. i enjoy designing and building applications with simplistic design that enhances the user's experience and satisfaction. 
experienced employee with a demonstrated history of working in the frontend development and services industry. skilled in web and graphic designing, react,  search engine optimization (seo), microsoft word and wordpress. strong professional with a master   s degree focused in computer science from punjab technical university. , ritamehra 
laravel | package-development | codeigniter | nodejs | angularjs | bootstrap | html 5 | javascript | jquery | ajax | mysql | radis | rest api | python | django 
front end web developer with a background experience in backend. overall a full stack developer.  process oriented approach via configuration management, requirements engineering, project planning learned at various stage of professional carreer 
moving pixels around, erika makes magic happen where functionality meets user interaction. combining the powers of css and javascript, she eagerly pursues new techniques to bring about fresh, innovative experiences.   she has a passion for web animation and keeping up with the latest front-end practices. besides diving into the technical details of javascript in her spare time, erika also delights in adding to her cacti collection!  she currently works at an awesome local company as a front-end developer! 
 experienced web developer with an eye for design, strong attention to detail, and proven ability to transform ideas into responsive, resilient websites and apps. 7 years career experience in leadership development and team building. strong technical background, learning posture and a team-oriented mentality. 
highlights   html5, css3, jquery, javascript. angular 7, bootstrap with material design understanding of php, jsp, sql, servlets knowledge of sass and typescript pixel perfect on psd to html full software development life cycle documentation, design, testing individually contribution to the project  good knowledge of object-oriented knowledge, uml   highest qualification - under graduation (last sem) dob- 06th aug 1999 marital status - unmarried current location- delhi/ncr 
13+ years of experience in design and development numerous secure web base application in microsoft technology including asp.net mvc, .net core, c#.net, vb.net, rest api, wcf, web services, xml, html, javascript, jquery, bootstrap, angular 4/6, ajax, css, ms sql server 2018/2019.     experience in design, development, coding of client/server web base on multi-layer (data layer
i specialize in jamstack web development. primarily building with jekyll. i've built jekyll sites for github pages, gitlab pages, cloudcannon, forestry, and netlify.  a few technologies i use to do this include   - html & css - sass / scss - javascript - liquid - git - bash, gulp, & npm scrips ,
i am a results driven and customer focused full stack software developer with a passion for front end development. being experienced with multiple technologies and languages, i aim to have a career that will allow me to express my creativity and build on the strong foundation that i have developed, while learning new ones.  i recently graduated from origin code academy in san diego last december, which is a coding boot camp that teaches front end and back end software development. i have a customer service background which helped me develop a perspective that i am eager to apply to software development and create memorable experiences with my work.
experienced associate software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, sql, mysql, html. css, bootstrap, jquery, java script  strong engineering professional with a studying focused in computer science & engineering from nm institute of engineering & technology, bhubaneswar, odisha (india) 
2.5 years experienced web developer with exposure to number of projects and scale, looking to enhance my career in direction of growth and versatility in technologies.  skills  scripting language  php js framework  angular framework  codeigniter cms  wordpress web  html, css, bootstrap, jquery javascript, angular db  mysql, mysqli  domains i worked for  - automobile and transportation - industries and manufacturing - food delivery - retail and e-commerce - travel and hospitality - health care  -education  roles and responsibilities  - development of reusable code. - development and implementation of core functionality and support tools. - development and implementation of web services (rest, soap). - understand the business and functional requirements. - iterative testing and code reviews through the development of the application. 
hi! my name is ted kim and i am currently studying computer science as a fourth year at the university of california, riverside.   apart from just programming, i also have a love for film, videography, and music production. i love creating content for both personal and professional purposes!   i am currently interested in summer 2020 internships involving database engineering, project/program/product management, web development, software engineering, or data analytics. 
i am a logical and results-driven web developer and a data science enthusiast, dedicated to build and optimize user-focused websites. i believe to be judicious and creative when crafting effective websites, apps, and platforms to propel competitive advantage and revenue growth. technically proficient and analytical problem solver with a calm and focused demeanor, one can trust me with their projects for i always propel and meet my deadlines! 
solutions architect and engineer, designing, reversing, and building complex systems. experienced at outsourcing and leading offshore teams. webmaster with devops skills and a nodejs, reactjs, electronjs enthusiast. expert in linux, apache, mysql, php and vanilla javascript as well.  build cuda and amd gpu based crypto miners.  spent 3 years working for cisco as an iot solutions provider, doing proof of concept iot deployments for various clients such as at&t, honda, foxconn, australian government. working with hardware and software to invent solutions and demonstrate iot value propositions. providing feedback to executives for strategic positioning of cisco in iot sector. working with partners and curating the developer experience on cisco's devnet.   advocate and analyst of open source software and open source hardware for productiziation of new iot solutions. ,
hard-working student with proven leadership and organizational skills. seeking to apply my abilities to fill the internship role in your company. i am a dedicated team player who can be relied upon to help your company achieve its goals. 
self employed..full time freelancer.expert of php and javascript frameworks.4 years of experience.  experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in  php, laravel ,wordpress, and c++. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications - mca focused in computer science from amritsar college of engg. & tech, amritsar. ,
full stack web developer with a background in information technology and video production. effective at combining creativity and problem solving to develop user-friendly applications. known among colleagues to be detail oriented and a fast learner.
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. strong engineering professional graduated from gls institute of computer technology.
life is not about finding yourself, it   s about creating yourself. who do you want to be  the choice is yours and everyone should be very careful in its career choice just like me. i did software engineering and being a senior php developer, i think i have chosen the very right profession for me because programming & development is my passion and i believe i was born to be a programmer.  now the question comes why you should hire me  the answer is simple and straightforward. i am offering accurate, cost effective and fast solutions to my clients. you can rely on me for your needs and i promise to fulfill them in a more productive and manageable manner.  according to my few closest relations, i am very kind at heart, cute, innocent and very sincere person with decent personality. i think it   s enough for now but stay tune we are not much chummy yet  ) , faadibrown 
beginner mern developer working in the web development industry. skilled in react js,node js, express js, mongodb, firebase,git, advance java,servlets, c++, jquery, and responsive web design. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology focused on computer science. 
experienced in web development ,with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in  web services, sql, java, html and javascript. strong consulting professional with a master of business administration (mba) from suresh gyan vihar university- talentedge, pune ,
live as if you were to die tomorrow. learn as if you were to live forever. from squashing bugs to data exploration, development allows me to unleash my creativity through code. i want nothing more than to quench my thirst for a problem to solve. my interest in business and hardware fuels my passion for building software. i am always interested in expanding my knowledge in computer science and beyond. , m193823 
i am expert in every html5, css3, bootstrap, php, laravel, api,  angularjs, reactjs, node js ,wordpres etc.  i am a programmer in a software company and try to simplify the life of people with my skills.  experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in wordpress, php, my sql, web designing (html, css. bootstrap, ps), web hosting, cpanel, whm panel, data analytics, seo, social media marketing, and ui/ux designer strong engineering professional with a diploma focused in computer engineering from excel institute of diploma studies. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology & services industry. skilled in heroku, watson, servlets, apache kafka, and jquery. strong engineering professional with a mca focused in computer software engineering from rajiv gandhi proudyogiki vishwavidyalaya. 
strong hand coding experience in  codeignitore, opencart, laravel, core php,  boostrap, html/css/bootstrap and design tools photoshop,  - core  php, codeignitore, laravel, yii2,  - opencart 3.0 -wordpress - ajax - rest api - jquery/javascripts - responsive layouts / html5  bootstrap5 - photoshop  hands on experience on responsive web design(rwd), android mobile and other smartphone support web and mobile application. , jagrutigohil 
web developer  experienced android developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in mobile application development, digital strategy, firebase, mobile applications, and java. 
bsc computer science & mathematics student and freelance web developer ,  a freelance web developer & have worked on various technologies like asp.net mvc, c#, wordpress, java script, jquery ,  sql. ccna.... , arpitshukla81 
at rentech digital we provide end-to-end development solutions for web, mobile, blockchain, iot and ai.  i am the kind of person who always try to move forward in each and every situation of life, considering the fact that  nothing is impossible in this entire world . i am pursuing b.tech. from coep, pune university, with a specialisation in computer engineering. i am really an open-minded person. i like to express my thoughts, ideas without any hesitation. i am good in convincing somebody at 9 out of 10 times. 
i am a creative web developer and designer having 6+ years of experience in building and maintaining high-quality websites.   with a well-rounded approach, i have achieved the perfect balance that provided me the ability to have strong problem-solving skills.                                     developing the following types of websites       e-commerce web development     landing pages & one page     appointment booking | traveling & restaurant     real estate & events booking     business development & company website     blog & magazine | personal portfolio     responsive website designs | mobile site design     building custom wordpress templates     wordpress premium themes customizations                                     in the past couple of years, i've been working with numerous startup companies around the world to help them not only launch, but also thrive in their markets.                                     am working on the latest web technologies       wordpress | laravel | codeigniter     php & sql | html & css | bootstrap | javascript     photoshop & illustrator     wp themes & plugins | custom plugin generations     custom themes from scratch & child themes     elementor, divi, visual composer, expert     payment gateways integration                                     graphically features      business cards | banners & posters     business flyers | magazines | brochures     envelopes | invitation letters                                     writing on some trending subjects      business growth tips     social media platforms     new technology     business development & startups     online money-making models     website tutorials  it is my habit to work with everyone, whether it is a company or a single person. if you want to work with me then i am available for you 24 hours, you can contact me without any hesitation.  thanks  harpreet singh , happy27387 ,
i am a motivated person with a demonstrated record of work that shows commitment and integrity in the work place.   i enjoy working within a team but can equally show initiative by working under minimum supervision and on my own.   i am confident in my approach and not afraid to take on new challenges. , valuation office agency 
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in sql, php, jquery, drupal, and codeigniter. strong engineering professional with a master   s degree focused in electronics and communications engineering technology from trident academy of technology (tat), bhubaneswar. 
10 years of web development, systems architecture through ms clusters, together with 30 years of programming in total, strong it-domain knowledge, aiming for rest api perfection, changing and improving people's lives through technology. searching for people who love marketing, management, fashion, space exploration or love peace, freedom, unity, diversity, positivity, the universe. ,
i   m a web developer with a passion for building things that have the power to add value to your life. my interest in programming is derived from my initial email marketing role, building campaigns using html and css. since then, i   ve continued to study various programming languages such as javascript and php. i enjoy utilizing agile methodologies to implement a client's vision using various technologies on websites built with wordpress and hubspot.
i have 2 year experience in development.  my key skills in back-end framework are laravel, codigniter and core php. and in front-end my key skills are javascript , jquery , react.js.and in cms shopify. ,
i   m a 31 years old guy living in mumbai, i graduated in 2011 at the vidyalankar institute of technology from mumbai university. after completion of my degree, i started working as a web developer/designer. it is also important for me to work on projects which are very related to web techniques, do freelance works, and participate in open-source projects.  i handcraft css & html documents. i handle javascript & jquery. and you would not be surprised if i told you that i fell in love with html5 and of course, css3. i have also a passion for user interface and experience design. also, i am very much fond of php and mysql, i do programming and development in both of these techniques.  when i   m not writing code or pushing pixels, i devour everything in my google reader. i also like listening to music or drum and bass, traveling and watching hollywood movies. , sanap_rohidas 
hello  i have 4+ years of experience in web developing. i provide solutions for companies or individuals interested in outsourcing their design needs. i specialized in developing high quality look & feel interfaces and advanced server-side programming (php, ajax,jquery, javascript, mysql, html, css, xml). i'm expert in web development. also i have great experience with wordpress.  and also strong knowledge wordpress page builder  thanks ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in search engine optimization (seo), e-commerce, c++, java, and salesforce.com. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications (mca) focused in it & management from university of pune. 
flexible & adaptable across multiple development technologies and methodologies.     result oriented, self driven, highly motivated, smart and hungry to learn new technologies, methodologies, strategies and processes. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php,wordpress,codeigniter,sharelatex,microsoft excel, customer service, microsoft word, sales, and strategic planning. strong engineering professional graduated from mea engineering college. 
experienced web developer, property manager, construction superintendent, and system administrator. | wintel, virtulisation, linux |  to achieve professional satisfaction, career progression and personal development by working in an environment, this encourages growth and enriches my experience. 
experienced software developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in requirements analysis, php, codeigniter,zend, mvc framework,  javascript, mysql, redis cache memory, elasticsearch and jquery, json, rest api. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology (b.tech.) focused in computer software engineering from sobhasaria group of institutions. , ravi_verma22 ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in web design. , srv media pvt. ltd. 
i.t. design and development / solutions/server/network administrator to provide quality and excellent it solutions to enhance the organizational performance and add value to the business process enterprise wide, thereby, giving the company competitive edge. providing quality it solutions to complex business/individual problems within scope, budget and tight schedules. extensive experience in networking, computer repairs and maintenance, databases and it support, technical communication. flexible as regards moving from project to project and in assimilating new technologies. proven team leadership skills. a passion to learn and to increase skills. now looking to continue making a significant contribution within web design, web programming and development / leading a technical team. as a server administrator, i implement and manage one of the most important technologies in the organization   the network and servers. my role demands expertise in server operating systems and active directory. i have mastered an array of monitoring and profiling tools that helps manage the server and network environment and tune systems to perform optimally. 
first level escalation of it related incidents, problems and queries for the users of it infrastructure and need to make regular follow up on the same. installations and maintenance of operating systems windows xp(sp3) and  windows 7 and application softwares. setup and maintenance the lan. network and share printer installations. monitor network & infrastructure using hp monitoring tools. sla violation is critical, need to solve the issue by making proper follow ups. basic configuration of router and switches. manage alerts on hp sitescope and network node manager. 
i am working as a senior digital marketing manager.  i am someone who has a deep comprehension over monitoring social media channels, search engine optimization and digital marketing and has a passion towards creating content, and i believe my ability to relate to my target audience is just what your company needs.
background & experience  i'm a web developer from virginia. what i enjoy most is wordpress theme development, custom website design and responsive mobile friendly ui development.      i have extensive knowledge and experience in  adobe wordpress ecommerce responsive design bootstrap framework  foundation framework html5/css3/php5 sass compass jquery 
digitalmarketing agency. specializing in the healthcare      and food and beverage      industry, and the obscure. also a cook, and appointment scheduler.
i have 6 year of experience and and expert in php,wordpress,codeigniter,smarty, cms, ajax, jquery, javascript, & psd to html,html5, responsive design, web developer,website optimization.    web development and web design.   - codeigniter expert (shopping cart,api and a2z service provide).  - custom wordpress theme & template integration.  - online store implementation & setup.  - responsive wordpress website development.  - wordpress blog customization.  - wordpress support and maintenance.  - conversion of psd to wordpress website.  - custom wordpress plug-in development.  - wordpress seo services.  - psd to bootstrap.  - responsive design.  - psd to html.  - website optimization. - a healthy long term relationship. - get project done before touch deadline.  lets get yourself a chance to work with a top class full stuck wordpress and codeigniter developer.   cheers atul vaghasiya ,
i'm a  professional developer and designer.    i'm punctual hard working & can work under any circumstances. i specialize in javascript and have professional experience working with python.  the best thing about me is that i am a quick learner.i can assure you that i will work hard, i will work smart and i will work to my maximum potential.   please take a look at my work or get in touch!      ,
casp (certified advance security practitioner) mcsa server 2012 / sharepoint  # f081-8992 mcp #f073-9732 mcitp #f471-5527 mcts #f471-5472 security + comptia certified ce. network + comptia certified ce. 
experienced system administrator with a demonstrated history of working in the public sector. skilled in php, linux & windows system administration, active directory, data center management, and all levels of it support. ,
i   m a passionate web/ui designer. everyday learner with rare combination of development and designing skills with creative thoughts which i developed best web portals based on ecommerce. i worked on high quality designs with 4 years of experience in user interface and web development, i do understand user needs and translating those needs into a perfect visuals and easy to use products for web and mobile platform and self motivated, love to learn and implement new theories, fun with coding , rajjdesign 
b.tech mechanical engineering completed in 2016 with 66. 87% . i have experience  html,css,php,mysql,  codeigniter , cms, restfull , mallik_kompelli ,
i am a highly-skilled, enthusiastic developer.  i am hard-working, possesses extensive problem-solving skills, and loves implementing a general algorithmic approach. a team player with a can-do attitude, i am interested in ecommerce and php in further connection with other services.  i have worked the full development lifecycle from identifying the client   s real needs to designing the systems architecture as well as implementation. 
php/adv. php/web dev.& design / seo training institute docckolkata  one of the best training institute in kolkata and across india 15 years of excellence in training.  want to be a good web programmer or web designer based on php, my sql, cms, wordpress, drupal, magento, python, pestasoft, tornedo, symphony, jeson, open cart, zend cart, cake php, codeigniter, mobile apps, ajax
currently working as ui developer in cloud business innovation center at ibm india pvt. ltd., bangalore. having good knowledge in javascript, reactjs, redux, node.js, express, angularjs, cloud technologies,  virtualization, git, agile methodologies. 
a full stack web developer with experience in javascript, react, html, and css. a current student of lambda school, a google-backed coding boot-camp. a former teacher with both technical and soft-skills. ,
while my past experience has been as a journeyman machinist, i am transitioning into a career as a full stack, react.js focused web developer. when i am not studying, i spend my time listening to vinyl records, cooking on the bbq, and trying to find the perfect place to enjoy a late night meal.
experienced wordpress and php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in psd to wordpress, sql, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), and php. strong engineering professional with a mca focused in computers from maharaja agrasen institute of management & technology. 
full stack (python/node + angular/react) developer with hands on experience in developing web applications using node js, html5, css3, angular 2/6, react (redux), jquery, javascript, bootstrap. software architecture   serverless, microservices, multitier architecture, monolithic, soa, high availability and fault tolerance. infrastructure   chef, amazon web services (ec2, ecs, rds, lambda
experienced professional freelancer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in microsoft word, html5, css3, bootstrap 4, php, wordpress, laravel, javascript, vue js and jquery. strong media and communication professional with a bachelor of engineering (b.e.) focused in computer science from csit. 
software developer with a demonstrated history of working in the banking and staffing industry. skilled in negotiation, analytical skills, lamp stack, mean stack, laravel, team building, wordpress, magento, microsoft dynamics nav certified, mvc architecture, javascript, html, css, project management and much more. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, codeigniter, ajax, cascading style sheets (css), and javascript. strong engineering professional with a mca focused in computer studies from hindustan institute of management and computer science . ,
lead web developer  primarily concerned with overseeing development initiatives and tasks to client facing software initiatives, and am the primary full stack contributor to design.3-form.com (an angular app using a ruby on rails api, and a sql database).  in addition to overseeing in house development of our client facing software i also serve as a technical liaison to contracted companies who assist with projects that include our ipad app (built in react native), 3d visualizations, and design tools.  as such, my work includes dev-ops initiatives on both in house servers and extensive use of amazon web services, including s3, cloudfront, analytics, etc.  prior to my current position i was a lead front end developer working on a migration to angular 2+, responsible for creating and building out the architecture for a web based saas product.  additionally, while there, i worked extensively on our ruby build scripts and some full stack integrations of the new front end features in our c++/sql based applications.  experienced in setting up local ci (continuous integration) servers using both jenkins and bamboo.  prior to being a developer, i was an account executive with 5+ years experience of creating and executing marketing plans for large food manufacturing companies.  recognized for new account creation and growth, public relations, timely implementation of agendas and strong people skills. ,
dreams to revolutionize healthcare technology . passionate about data-driven decision making. grandma's favorite grandson. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in sql, cascading style sheets (css), c++, html, and software development. strong engineering professional with a be - bachelor of engineering focused in computer science from rajiv gandhi prodyogiki vishwavidyalaya. 
around 6 years of experience in designing user interface (ui) applications and professional web applications using html4/5, css2/3, javascript, angularjs, reactjs, jquery, ajax, xml, json.     actively took part in all the phases of the software development life-cycle(sdlc) including implementation, release, unit testing, refactoring and maintenance.     extensive knowledge in developing single page responsive web applications using javascript frameworks like angular js, backbone.js and bootstrap.     extensive knowledge in object-oriented programming in javascript.     expertise in angularjs controllers, directives, factories, services, routing using javascript, jquery and angularjs.     experience in using ajax calls to create interactive web applications.     good understanding of document object model (dom) and dom functions.      hands-on experience with css less/sasspre-processor.     experience in web pack and babel. good knowledge with latest ecma script (es7).     experience in designing and developing solutions using the mvc architecture.     expert in restful services consuming using get
a very enthusiastic hardworking young man ,love exploring the world in my own way ,playing basketball, chess, and a passionate poet and debater above all a god fearing person.   i'm a student of learning  looking to understand concepts.  i want to deepen my intuitive understanding of concepts i already know, or challenge myself by learning fascinating new concepts. ,
i am a full stack web developer excited for new opportunities to expand my skills. i have mostly used react, css, javascript, and postgresql.
build websites and also develop an insatiable passion for poetry. , eesarah electronic connections ltd. experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in python (programming language), php, c++, cascading style sheets (css), and c (programming language). strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused in computer science from abes engineering college. ,
full stack web developer able to build web applications from the ground up. also skilled in information gathering, planning, design, development, testing and delivery and maintenance. passionate about software architecture and design, combined with sensitivity to serve the needs of the business with a balanced  delivery of high quality solutions.  i truly believe in continued education and research and continue to seek new software and methods to assist with product development. i have a bachelor's  degree in  software engineering and earned my certification in web development from the university of texas bootcamp, where i honed my skills in html5, css3, bootstrap, javascript, jquery, node.js.   do your interests align with mine  then we can work together to further the goals of your company. i am looking to collaborate and learn from every situation i come across. let's work together.  i am open to new opportunities and fun projects. 
working as a front-end developer at themeselection.  i work creatively, so i can help to deliver modern design, creative, easy-to-use products that make designers, developers and agencies life easy!!! 
full stack web developer and volunteer. i have collaborated with numerous development teams on a wide variety of projects. technologies i have worked with include html, css, javascript, mongodb, node.js, react, angular, github, jquery, and python. in addition i am a musician, wannabe polyglot, and world traveler.   github  kmid5280  guten tag. ich hei  e kyle und bin web-entwickler. ich finde die deutsche sprache sehr interessant und bin schon ein paar mal nach deutschland gereist.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    .                       .                       .                                                                                .                                 .                          .                             .          -                      .                      ,                                                                                         ,                                     -            . 
experienced developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in asp.net mvc, kendo ui, wcf services, sql server database,  and user controls. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of computer application focused in information technology. 
excited to get exposure and learn more about different technologies. seeking an opportunity to obtain a position that will help me to utilize my technical skills and provide a platform to explore myself. i just want to learn more from experienced persons of organization and give my best in making an organization successful 
an application software engineer graduated from coimbatore university and having overall 8 years of extensive experience in web developing application modules for industry specialized.              an application software engineer having great experience with all stages of designer, developer, framework. 
i realized my passion for coding when i was 15 years old, tinkering with and trying to make my own pok  mon custom roms. since then, my passion for coding has not stopped growing. my coding education began independently, teaching myself popular coding languages starting from java to c#. in 2018, i found lambda school and fell in love with the fresh ideas the school represented. i applied, got in and haven't look back. during lambda, i was exposed to the most popular full-stack web technologies, such as javascript, react, redux and more. lambda school expanded my coding horizons to other computer science curriculums such as python, data structure, c, and computer processes. not stopping there, i have continued to improve myself by enrolling at western governor university in computer science. i worked hard and complete over half of the required credits in just a 6 months term. the competency model that wgu offers really fits my style of studying. i love to tinker and explore for myself. im great at learning through doing and appreciate any opportunity to learn. 
i have a master   s degree in library and information science, in which i concentrated on digital curation, preservation and databases. while there, i used many command line tools for digital assets which made me interested in how they   re built. this inspired me to look more into how software gets created, so i learned how to code javascript, html and css by myself. i loved it, so i decided to apply to the grace hopper program to sharpen my skills.  tech skills proficient  javascript, node.js, express, git, html, css, react, redux, scss, sequelize knowledgeable  rda, aacr2, travis
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in sql, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), php, and html. strong engineering professional with a pgdca focused in computer application from makhanlal chaturvedi national university of journalism and communication, bhopal. ,
innovative front end developer with 3+ years experience in building and maintaining responsive website. experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in javascript, vuejs, reactjs, php, databases, java, and android and ios development.
an enthusiastic, responsive, flexible, highly-motivated, productive and customer-focused professional with strong communication, interpersonal, organizational, time management, analytical and problem solving skills.   i am reliable, cooperative and dedicated team player with the ability to grasp and apply new procedures quickly  organize, strictly following agreements and prioritize tasks to meet deadlines and adapt readily to new challenges.  i have ability to carry out large and demanding projects with consistent quality and attentiveness as well as to perform in a professional and effective manner at all times. , preetssekhon ,
creative full stack developer with a passion for designing fully functional, yet elegant web applications using a variety of di   erent languages, platforms, and frameworks. my background in stem along with collaborating on a diverse team in a startup, combined with my technical development abilities, provides me with a unique skill set that i look forward to utilizing on a team of dedicated developers. i am looking for a unique opportunity to develop my programming skills and expand my knowledge of modern software development methodologies.
i have 2 year of experience working in the it field. i have primarily worked on building web portals like education(quiz,training) based products, corporate website, brokerage website,job portals and us based projects.   my core experience has been in web development based on php & mysql, mvc software development is my passion.  i am always interested in learning new web development technologies. i have also taken self initiative to learn   new technologies in php world. ,
young professional seeking an opportunity to learn, grow and utilize current skillset for an organization that offers opportunities for growth and acquiring new knowledge and skills. ,
5+ years of experience in designing, developing, testing and deployment of web-based and enterprise business applications      hands on experience in the implementation of core java se 8 concepts     expertise in developing micro services using spring boot and node js to build more physically separated modular applications which will improve scalability, availability, agility of application.      hands on experience in working with databases mysql, oracle, sql-server, db2 and nosql , dynamo db, couch db, graph db.     expertise in orm tools hibernate, ibatis, with jpa specifications, hql, caching, acid transaction, locking and implemented odm framework like mongoose for mapping mongodb.     experienced in developing front end applications using html4/5, xhtml
full stack web developer looking for new exciting and challenging opportunities in web development and software engineering. languages of choice are javascript and java. i use react as my front end framework of choice along with mysql and mongodb for creating and maintaining databases for web applications. can learn other technologies and languages quickly as needed to get the job done. 
working as a laravel developer from 3 years and mtsql css, html ,web developer   datalot. former instructional associate of software engineering   general assembly. tech transplant from the book publishing 
experienced web developer working with scrum/agile project management. specializing in front-end development, including html5, css, javascript/jquery, mysqldb, php, laravel, react, redux and other great frameworks. i am currently seeking opportunities to bring my passion and dedication of web development to your company. 
software developer using php, laravel, wordpress, drupal.a dynamic, team spirited and performance driven engineering professional with an extraordinary blend of leadership, design and coding knowledge. - hands on experience in programming languages like java, node.js, react.js, c, c++, python, r and web designing (html/css, javascript), ms project & ms office suit - experienced with rdms implementation and development using mysql, mssql and oracle - extensive experience of data structure and algorithm, database management, data mining, data analytics and warehouse. experience also includes project planning and project analysis, web designing, database management - excellent team player as well as dedicated individual worker to work with multiple projects. i possess good technical and engineering design skills
while studying accounting at utah state university, i was required to take big data analytics and accounting information systems. during both of those courses i was exposed to basic computer science and basic programming.  after completing those courses i decided to pursue web development full-time at devmountain.  after completing the devmountain program i found employment as an html/css contractor.  over the next year and a half i worked my way up from an html/css contractor to a full-time frontend developer on the implementation team of impartner. i left impartner after 2 years of employment for a position with pictureline inc, where i would hold a more critical role in the business as pictureline inc's only web developer. i am currently working at pictureline inc building shopify web apps in polaris and maintaining their current web presence using html, scss, javascript, and the liquid templating language. 
software developer interested in taking on new challenges in team environments. currently working with .net mvc, angular, aws, and sql server, experience developing front end components, and back end logic using es5/6, react, redux, .net core, asp.net framework, sql server, html5, javascript, c#, css.  code found at  github.com/paulfox310 
web developer ,software development are my passion .i am very obsessed about my passion.my specialties include quickly learning new skill , programming languages,problem solving ,
senior web developer .after bachelors in computer science & engineering, i have finished my masters in informatics from rit with a concentration in web & mobile computing and data analytics.over 2 years of professional experience in it industry and familiar with all phases of sdlc specially agile scrum methodology. some of my projects include     developed a sentimental analysis and recommendation system using machine learning multinomial na  ve bayes classification algorithm for movie reviews using java, jsp and servlet and displayed the results in tableau.     developed a classification model to classify and predict the class of different cuisine based on the ingredients information and even did data mining to find the association rules using python script and weka visualization.     developed a search engine implementing regex in c# visual studio for famous simpsons db database stored in the form of a csv file to retrieve the specific episodes details using mongodb.     developed the dtd for recipe xml database and designed a webpage displaying the ingredients, cooking procedures etc.     developed and designed a neo4j database for college students and professor details.     webpage for online shopping containing a select drop down element which dynamically creates another series of pull-down elements whose contents will depend upon the visitor   s previous choices.     developed web application for my college iste department in jquery consuming the rest api.      easyjobs  is a web-based project which is an online job portal using c#, html, css and microsoft sql server.     developed wpf desktop application for college iste department in .net c# consuming the rest api following mvvm architecture.  professional training -microsoft .net framework, five week training program conducted by new horizons learning center for csc indiapvt. ltd.  -sdlc (software development life cycle), one week boot camp program conducted by csc pvt. ltd.  -oracle certified advanced java, 3 months training program conducted by niit. 
i am a php developer. i have done my btech in computer science from dit university. currently working with codeblend labs pvt ltd as a web developer in baddi, hp. ,
full stack web developer , open source contributor in interesting technologies like react, node and mongodb. passion to experiment, solve problems and smash bugs.
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in react.js, node.js, php, javascript, jquery and bootstrap. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology - b tech focused in information technology from cvr college of engineering, hyderabad. ,
creative software developer with the ability to pick up new languages and technologies as needed. additionally, my marketing and customer support background allows me to collaborate with clients and teammates to create a thriving work environment.
a computer systems engineer / help desk analyst with  10 years commercial experience providing 1st , 2nd and 3rd level support for, telecommunications, retail, automotive, education, media, and systems integration organisations. specialising in the infrastructure designee, implementation and administration of  windows server and linux server, given support to laptops  desktops and servers, build (including point of sale) backups and disaster recovery solutions and remote support.   successfully supported, designed and implemented solutions for a number of commercial projects for medium to large enterprises providing a strong  business solutions in infrastructure and develop web  assuming roles in team or leadership for  project,  management, and infrastructure, excellent working in a team or autonomous worker with good team leadership and communication skills.  also a jr. web developer involved in the business and help them to grow up implementing new services and working in projects i have developed both the front-end and back-end systems.     strong learning and problem solving skills, excellent communication skills both written and verbal enabling effective client facing capabilities. , kuirozito 
experienced clerk with a demonstrated history of working in the logistics and supply chain industry. skilled in microsoft word, node.js, php, and c++. strong support professional graduated from university of nevada-las vegas. 
web developer with experiene in content development with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in c++,  microsoft excel, microsoft word, microsoft office, powerpoint and research. with a bachelor of technology focused in information technology from maharaja agrasen institute of technology. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in web development, android development, html, linux, and algorithms. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology (b.tech.) focused in electrical, electronics and communications engineering from indian institute of information technology. ,
a full stack developer | actively looking for a job ,  whatever i can do, i begin it with boldness which  has power and magic in it.,php web developer  ,hi there! i am a passionate software developer working primarily with javascript, node, and react. i'm actively seeking a software engineering role on a team that values connection & collaboration.   my career background began in marketing and hospitality but has grown into providing human-first technology solutions and applications. previous projects i've worked on also involved express, nosql (mongo) & sql, lamp stack, joomla, php, and redux. , revenaugh ,
fresh it graduate with exceptional strengths in handling critical problem-solving activities and technical troubleshooting. can quickly adapt to change and possesses eagerness towards learning and contributing to the organization. 
full stack web developer with graphic design background. lifelong learner and a problem solver always enthusiastic to work with creative people to learn from each other and solve bigger problems together as a team. constantly motivated in developing my skills and growing professionally.
i am a creative guy who loves javascript, nodejs, reactjs, react native and building apps with them. also an electronics hobbyist and youtuber at creativeje & padhega india ,
i'm a digital marketing pro turned web developer with a passion for imaging, making and market web apps to help people.  whether it is creating apps from scratch, connecting existing apps to apis or using existing tech to market and brand apps, i love helping companies use the internet and digital content to reach their audience and their goals.   specialties  front-end technologies (javascript, react, jquery, enzyme, html5, css3, es6, zeit/now),  back-end technologies (node.js (express), postgresql, tdd with mocha/chai, rest apis, json, supertest, authentication
i have over 4+ years experience as web development. my main objective is to provide best quality of services to my clients. i am flexible and have good business relationships with the people i work with. i can show you my responsibility, commitment and dedication towards your jobs.   i am proficient in a number of categories   *web software development *desktop software development *e-commerce web development *software testing *digital marketing *seo *web & mobile design.
ravel, codeigniter, mysql, html5, css3, ajax, javascript, sql, xml, api integration  i am always ready to accept the challenges in the it field with the great dedication.  welcome everyone who wants my service and you will not get any chance to be feel bad and you will surely get 100% satisfaction. ,
angular+ || nodejs || php || codeigniter || laravel || wordpress         i have 3+ years experience of professional programming with web design technologies. i have been programming for 3+ years,  and also have skills in html5, css3, jquery, twitter bootstrap, javascript, saas, less, photoshop, illustrator and psd to html. i have designed many responsive web page.  i have strong communicative skills, both in spoken and written english.   my skills  - angular+ || nodejs || php || wordpress || codeigniter || laravel  - bootstrap and media query for reponsive site. - backed development - stored procedure - social media sharing and login - payment gateway integration - seo   qualities that i promise to provide           timeliness           reliability          quality work          proficiency           excellence  anytime you can ping me for my best...  thanks for your consideration.  best regards, ,
i am a web designer(front end) i am an efficient public speaker and motivator. i know the skill of controlling the crowd. i also have knowledge of c language and python.
i am cordial and honest as a person and at the same time self- motivated and dedicated towards my work. i believe in myself, just one thing i need is the proper guidance and a chance to explore my potential...my biggest strength is that i am a quick and a keen learner..     quality is never an accident  it is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, intelligent direction and skillful execution  it represents the wise choice of many alternatives.    ,
3 years of experience as web developer/ front end developer.      strong experience in html5, css3, javascript, jquery, ajax, json, bootstrap, angular 2,     angular 4, angular 6, angular 8, prime ng,.      experience in creating spas by sing angular6/8.      experience in creating responsive web design using bootstrap and css3.      experience in developing user interface (ui) web application, web service application using     ui/ front end technologies like typescript, javascript, angular2/4/6, node js, angular cli     bootstrap and css frameworks.     strong front-end ui development skills using scripting languages like html5
expert and experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in asp.net mvc, aws & azure cloud, communication, and ms sql server, strong arts and design professional. 
experienced computer science specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the e-learning industry. skilled in java, html, github, intellij idea, and unix. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer engineering from stony brook university. ,
experienced php web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, mysql, ajax, java script .knowledge of html, css, web design, core java and  json . familiar with window and linux operating system.  engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering (b.e.)  in computer science & engineering from swami vivekananda college of science & technology bhopal. 
i am a full stack developer with experience building web-based applications. my core competency in full-stack development includes javascript, react, redux, angularjs, nodejs, html, css, mongodb, sql, mvc frameworks, and restful apis.  if you would like to collaborate on a project or connect,
my name is dakota, though i usually go simply by the name  ko . i am a front-end developer based out of the beautiful city of provo, utah. i'm constantly looking to challenge myself mentally and even physically! when i'm not coding and learning all i'm spending quality time with my wife and two dogs.  i'm always looking to better myself and to grow and evolve with others that will grow with me! i'm a very positive person always looking at the bright side of life but not scared to take on a challenge with means to do something great. also, i own a truck and can be  that  friend when you need to move.
2+ years experience in web developing.,i   m a painter and lead web developer at bluebird botanicals building full stack, accessible, responsive and adaptive code as a multi-million dollar e-commerce marketplace. i'm formally trained in ruby on rails & javascript in its many forms. i'm currently migrating a five-server monolith php e-commerce site to google cloud architecture  creating an expandable, sustainable development solution for a high volume business. i volunteer and value environmental and ecological sustainability and code for the greater good.
experienced owner operator with a demonstrated history of working in the transportation industry. skilled in search engine optimization (seo), cascading style sheets (css), javascript,html and react . strong entrepreneurship professional with an associate's degree focused in economics from the university of haiti.
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in sql, cascading style sheets (css), php,html, javascript, and jquery cordegnator. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of computer- bca focused in bca from mahatma jyotiba phule (mjp) rohilkhand university. ,
i   m a software developer, creative problem solver, and lifelong learner.    i   m fascinated with the power of computation to simulate natural systems and the emergent properties of the world. i   m passionate about the often invisible link between computation and creativity that defines innovation.   at rivalmind, creative problem solving and cutting-edge development defines our processes. our development team builds fully customized, strategically designed, and mobile-responsive wordpress websites     devised from the ground up to be user-optimized and google-ready. every client is unique. every project presents challenges. every moment demands a greater level of innovative thinking. einstein was right     the significant problems we face cannot be solved by the same level of thinking that created them.       superb user-experience demands cutting-edge websites. cutting-edge websites require the relentless pursuit of excellence. 
web developer  i   m sandeep kumar from noida. i'm a php web developer & website designer. i had spent 2+ years in the corporate world as a php website developer & designer.
i love to work in the fields as web development, game development and in photography. i hope working and learning in these fields will boost my creativity and give me some satisfaction of doing what i love to do. everything related to design by nature and i would like to follow its pattern for design. 
by profession i am a web developer. quite good experience in cloud server configuration, remote desktop computing, dedicated server hosting configuration. 
working as a php developer at stm development in meerut. i am currently working for burton snowboards as a web developer at their headquarters in burlington, vt.  my mission in life is to hold positions where i make an impact on the world in a positive way. therefore, i continue to try to get, and hold, comprehensive leadership and professional growth opportunities  handling unique situations, communicating, speaking publicly, working with various individuals, and always work towards accomplishing goals efficiently and delivering superior results.
i am a front-end web developer. my skills are new but i have gained a lot of quality experience in the courses i learned. i also know the basics of python and django and can do better if pushed forward.  i have created various clone of apps in order to learn how they work i.e whatsapp, instagram, telegram etc.  i am looking for a job in order to gain more experience. i am creating my own ios apps which will be released soon. ,
i have good experience in designing/development many small to large applications. i have 4+ years experience as a programmer with major skills php, codeigniter, laravel, mysql, ajax, angularjs, html5, css3, jquery, wordpress, magento. my passion to create website for my clients with iphone, ipad and mobile responsive website and build and seo empower websites. my objective is to provide in time services to the client as per specifications and accepting challenges to deliver the product keeping above all client satisfaction.  some technologies which i have mastered are       wordpress     codeigniter     laravel mvc framework     mysql     ajax     html5     css3     mobile application designer action speaks louder than words, lets turn your idea into reality! ,
i am a wordpress front-end developer. i have four year experience of front-end developer and two year of wordpress theme development. i am currently working on indomedi.com i have complete my bachelor degree bca from shri ram college affiliated by ccs university meerut. 
having experience in web ui design and developing for the website. -experience in  html5, css3, jquery, bootstrap, material ui, mysql, php, mysql, angular 6+, nodejs, mongodb. -experience in web designing using adobe photoshop cs5, corel draw. -ability to work as a team member or as an individual and confident in serving the best results. - knowledge of visual studio, eclipse ,tortoise svn  tool for the development of asp projects. - high degree of flexibility and ability to adapt to change in direction.  -experience of interacting with the client & understanding requirements. -experience of designing the layout, ui while achieving customer/user friendliness. -experience about editing and updating the css files. -editing images and updating the content. -uploading and updating files on server. -creating custom php forms & documenting the portal. -also creating  social media integration, embedding google  web icons. 
dynamic typing person like javascript     . a full stack js developer.  skilled in javascript ,html ,css and javascript frameworks.
i have sound knowledge of ionic framework  angular, node.js, mysql, mongodb ,currently pursuing final year in computer science & engineering.  interested in web development, app development, data science, programming & design.  passionate about puzzles & problem solving. creative & possess good interpersonal skills. constantly challenge myself to stay sharp & updated. love to make an impact in whatever job i take up and also complete it on time. open minded & love to explore, learn, experience and share knowledge. strongly believe in learning by doing. ,
designing modern, responsive web pages focus on small business, startups, communities and so on. help them to achieve their goals, grow their business or even just let everyones know they're here! , redon13 ,
i'm an entrepreneur at heart and have been a small business owner for the last 12 years within the construction and arboriculture industries. i've been a web developer since 2018. i'm highly interested in dev ops and ethical hacking although my current skillset lies in full stack web development. i would love to join a team of software developers and engineers to level up my game and continue to move forward in my career. , self-employed 
experienced wordpress developer & designer  with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in wordpress, html, css, javascript, php, and cms management. a strong information technology professional with a bca degree focused in web development, app development and design. 
software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in spring boot, spring mvc,hibernate, vue, java, and angular. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering. 
self-motivated web developer of 4+ years with the desire to build exceptionally usable websites. strengths include programming, user experience design, and strong communication skills. reliable web developer with a background in project management, specializing in back-end development. seeking to pursue a career where leadership and design skills can be used. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in customer service, digital marketing, microsoft office, social media, and web design. strong engineering professional graduated from the derby high school. 
as a developer, i'm excited about learning new skills and technology and am passionate about creating user-focused, intuitive applications. i love solving problems. 
web and mobile app developer ,i am a freelancer php developer. experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in cascading style sheets (css), java, php, c, and c++. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications (m.c.a.) focused in computer programming, specific applications from sinhgad institute of management. ,
web developer & #dental #seo consultant,highly skilled website developer ,experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology & services industry. skilled in e-commerce, php, wordpress, codeigniter, and magento. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused in computer science from rajasthan technical university. 
maturity its how we react and facing the problems, its only depends on problem solving and don't restrict your happiest moments. , anand_machi 
i have been working with startups in web development in php, web applications for more than 3+ years.  over the past 3 years, i got an experience of building great products from scratch with whole product ecosystem with strong backend and scalable architecture. i gained expertise in the following fields   - php - mysql - javascript, ajax & jquery - html & css, bootstrap - wordpress , bhadreshpithwa ,
software engineer | web developer | freelance developer .be a good person but don't waste time to prove it ,experienced senior php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, laravel, codeigniter etc.., jquery, html, javascript, and sql. strong engineering professional graduated from scet. ,
experience as a full stack developer and consultant in php, mysql ,vtigercrm, sugarcrm, epesi bim, joomla, drupal, zend, wordpress, codignitor, interspire (e-commerce), magento, javascript, jquery, extjs (sencha), angulajs, reactjs and android.   specialties  web technology (php
interest is chatting with my friends and friendly as i am are those online that make me feel interest to know a good idea of online business and getting more knowledge and getting success as a business man , satishkamble12 ,
innovative and determined php developer with 6+ years experience.  excellent at developing and maintaining client/server applications.  i am hardworking and a quick learner plus learn from my mistakes and never repeat them. i have specializations in magento , wordpress , yii, cakephp and codeigniter. excellent in mysql, jquery, ajax, xml and xslt as well. over these years i have made many projects until now and also made an transport erp and school erp which covers all sections in transport. looking forward to challenging opportunities.  * object oriented designing and implementation. * building api's and third party services. * strong analytical and problem solving skill. * good at architectural level programming. * believes in smart work. * in depth relational database designing. * quality oriented work. 
i have extensive experience and a thorough understanding of software development. i've been in the field now for around 16 years and believe that i possess a wide array of skills in my wheelhouse that makes me unique in my chosen area of expertise. while primarily a .net developer, i'm also very well versed in other languages such as java, php, etc. i have spent most of my time developing on the back and middle tiers, but i am also capable of designing a ui layout as well. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in web applications, php, wordpress, jquery, and apache. strong engineering professional graduated from c u shah college of engineering and technology. 
hi everyone! i'm yash deep dubey, i'm senior undergraduate in mechanical engineering department at university institute of technology, rgpv. i'm on the way of my journey and regularly updating myself with new things. i'm ambitious, detail-oriented, self-motivated guy and a long distance runner. possess elementary knowledge of design and simulation technologies software, and strong oral communication in english. i also have acquired some technical skills and soft skills through various platforms.      an enthusiastic fresher with highly motivated and leadership skills pursuing bachelors of engineering with specialization in mechanical engineering.     eager to learn new technologies and methodologies.
i am proud to say i am wed developer ,strategy, problem solving, technology, process improvement, business intelligence & analytics, leadership, digital transformation, organization, employee engagement, thoughtful design, community involvement, connecting the unconnected, building relationships, and business development are my strongest assets.  i   m a kansas native with a strong sense of curiousity and a ever-ending desire to improve myself both personally and professionally. i'm well-rounded, an information architect, a true visionary, a professional photographer, writer
full stack mern web developer, react native app developer. also efficient in working with lampp stack, nestjs, server management automation using bash, desktop app development using java and python, android app development using java and kotlin, experience in web app development. proficient in system administration and devops with great communicative and management skills. 
my mission is to help young people make informed decisions. full stack developer well-versed in numerous programming tools and languages. proficient in both backend and frontend development. highly effective at working on any part of the development process efficiently and accurately. a hardworking professional with remarkable technical abilities in software development.  skilled in php (framework- codeignitor), mysql, javascript ,mern (mongodb, expressjs, reactjs, nodejs), algorithms, linux and data structure.  strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology focused in computer science from faculty of engineering & technology agra college, agra. ,
a programmer, responsible for designing, coding and modifying websites, from layout to function. a lover of clean code, strive to create visually appealing websites that feature user-friendly design and clear navigation. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in front end development ( html, css, web design ) and back end development ( php, databases, codeigniter, expression engine, wordpress, drupal, cms, api integrations, and e-commerce). experienced in all aspects of web site, application development and mobile first practices. , kengrondell 
an msc computing professional with industry related experience consulting for clients such as facebook, mainone cable and vdreamtech as a software developer for web and desktop applications, managed network infrastructure, supervised data for various operating procedures through weekly report and working knowledge of managing it inventories and customer service. seeking a graduate opportunity in the technology/computing sector to further develop expertise and positively contribute towards the company   s success. ,
experienced senior software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in it industry. skilled in php, wordpress, jquery and ajax. strong engineering professional with a pgdca focused in computer science from punjab technical university. , maahi_mohit ,
looking for c2c positions , charter communications  ,i am working as a software developer. i like to share my skills and knowledge with my clients and colleagues and i always eager to learn new technologies for my personal as well as professional growth. *keep working*  skilled in javascript,  jquery, scss and other frontend ui technologies. , maitrey_jani 
i continue to hone my skills in working with well-coordinated teams and projects. presently, i focused on end-to-end web infrastructures, quickly evolving programming languages, frameworks and open source tools, including javascript, vue.js, ruby on rails, using test-first software development methodologies to build rich and intuitive interfaces and best of breed client-side applications built on cutting-edge database persistence layers including mysql. ,
jeff mankini is a multidisciplinary web developer and web designer from milwaukee, wisconsin. backed by nine years of experience, jeff has worked to bring web and design projects to life for clients like andy olen, datagrail, and the ripon historical society. clients can expect jeff to deliver an experience that is versatile, creative, and above all  ambitious. ,
i am an experienced start-up founder with a focus on software engineering and product management.  with my optimistic personality and ability to problem-solve under pressure, i serve as a great addition to any team. i'm looking for a collaborative and supportive environment with employees that care about and actively work towards positive social impact. i   m also highly skilled in leadership, media production, employee training, and technical troubleshooting. , scottkutler 
an enthusiastic professional with highly motivated and leadership skills. i will immensely interest in adapting web development innovations.     started web design and development age of 17      i was always updating myself for new technological challenges     as seo trainer i was trained 10+ best professional at arena animation ujjain     2 years working as supply it services at msrvvp ujjain.     aim to develop 1000+ websites in 100 different domains in the website world in a highly secured environment     our clients  - msrvvp ujjain, sant meera institute ujjain, arena animation, oxygen web ujjain      i run workshops on secure web designing and development     eager in implementation of each step of the project     eager to learn new technologies and methodologies     ability to produce the best results in pressure situations.  if web design  inspires you to let's talk 
web languages  php, angular, firebase node js, ajax, css, javascript programming languages  php, firebase, socket i/o databases  mysql, mysqli, sql server, firebase cloud development platforms  linux, windows ,
a hard working, results driven, integrated marketing professional. a proven ability to effectively plan, develop and manage multiple projects and budgets simultaneously with enthusiasm, creativity and accuracy to ensure continuous brand and business performance.   highly motivated to achieve the best end result possible. 
web user interface developer  ,experience in web  designing or system administrator with strong analytical skills, leadership skills, communication skills. have ability to manage multiple tasks and meet deadlines. 
working on many websites,with extensive experience building wordpress driven websites, html5, css3 and various web scripting technologies. hands on experience in creating, extending and customizing wordpress themes. comprehensive understanding of wordpress core software, database connectivity and its functions  my skills  # cms  wordpress # e-commer  woocommerce # scripts  php, html, css, js, ajax # responsive compatibility for tablet/iphone/ipad/mobiles # all popular browser compatibility # speed optimization # any kind of api integration  specialities  # wp theme / plugin customization # wp custom theme creation (website development from scratch) # conversion psd to wp theme or psd to html - pixel perfect websites # fixing issues on wordpress theme / wp plugin / css / html / php backend code # fixing issues on browser compatibility / mobile, tablet responsiveness # adding features on wp theme / wp plugin 
in-depth knowledge of php object oriented frameworks (laravel/ci frameworks), maintaining best code quality for frontend and backend development , noovosoft 
experienced web designer with a information technology. skills in html5, html,  bootstrap,  css,  css3,  photoshop, wordpress, email template responsive,  sublime, visualstudio, and dreamweaver. strong media and communication professional with a bachelor   s degree  in l.d.arts college from b a from ignou university ahmedabad (gujarat). 
i'm a web developer and designer freelance and digital marketing consultant based in jaipur, india and have been working since 2013. i have helped all my clients achieve great success online and can help you too.  my motivation comes from seeing extremely satisfied clients. my strengths are my creativity, experience and thought leadership.  web design & development freelancer, web development experts, freelancer digital marketing in jaipur, software development  skype - brahmanandd ,
i spend my time building new websites and tools while simultaneously willing quirky side-projects into existence. i also have an unhealthy obsession with elon musk, i tend to impulsively learn new things for no apparent reason, and i think indie music is pretty cool.   i like to keep things interesting by writing songs, acting on tv, and playing guitar. however, i also run cryptocurrency clubs, construct beowulf computing clusters, and design websites/vr experiences. i'm a sponge  i'm always ready to learn something new or master a current skill. it's also worth mentioning my weaknesses include being excessively excited and writing informal biographies.  front-end  react, javascript, html/css, jquery, ajax  back-end  node, express, postgresql, restful apis    tools  git, notion, postman, photoshop  other  github
dynamic, detail-oriented software engineer highly regarded for software engineering and designing/developing applications. recognized as an analytical engineer with a proven track record of excelling at learning new technologies and successfully applying them to develop clean and well-structured code. experienced at working on projects from initial idea and development phase (vision/analysis), performing all design/architecture work and delivering the completed product. outstanding presentation and communication skills and works exceptionally well within a team environment and individually.  i look forward to connecting with you! ,
web developer passionate about building joyful user experiences.   at my best when i   m building things.   skills include javascript, html, css, node, serverless, and aws.  currently learning react and gatsby.   i   ve done client work on these platforms as well  shopify, squarespace, square, and wordpress. , pickleat ,
my name is william fleckenstein, i am a front-end developer and ui/ux design specialist. i have 3+ years of experience working in both fields.  the group of technologies that i focus on are javascript, react, nodejs, mongodb, e commerce and front end stripe integration. in addition to programming, i offer services such as seo audits as well as design work.  please feel free to view my work below as well as my portfolio  discoverwill.io ,
i am working in the web development field from few years and the integration in the web development always excites me to come up with new ideas. i have developed web-apps using  various content management systems such as magento and wordpress. i have been creating a crm using php framework code igniter. working with codeigniter has actually  improved my programming skills as a core php developer , self-employed 
after the realization set  in that i won't be able to pursue my mtech(which was my dream) , due to my gate score, i spent days and nights looking for my dream job. well i am still spending nights searching for it ,and well sitting and writing about it here is one step ahead in that direction(i hope). my specialty is that i can give the best results under strict time constraints(this is cliche,but so true) and well, i am very hardworking(true again). apart from job hunting, i love reading novels/i love studying. i love shopping(typical) and i love coding. 
full stack software developer with experience in rails, react + redux, ruby, javascript, html, css, wordpress, and a background in legal and banking sectors.    i enjoy dealing with complex and original ideas while working with like-minded people in a creative and stimulating environment. above all, i am passionate about programming and learning new tools.   in my spare time, i enjoy connecting with people and exploring the surroundings with my camera.   currently working on these projects    - jolie. e-commerce (rails for the back-end, react for the front-end)  - lawyered. lawyer marketplace (rails for the back-end, react for the front-end)  - gotem. chrome extension (javascript, css, html). - interceptor (react and redux for front-end, node + express for the backend)
web developer with a passion for web application development and success in managing development projects using scrum, agile, and lean processes. skilled in conceptualizing, designing, development, and deploying software containing logical and mathematical solutions to business problems. dedicated to driving innovation with the ability to follow industry and technological trends, and facilitating early adoption of innovations.  skill highlights & technical skills      web development     cross-browser operability     project management     process improvement     workflow optimization     user requirements gathering     html/html5, css/css3, bootstrap4 and some of javascript es6 
my shopfloor mantra - a good design is all you need...rest is execution & consistency.  experienced web developer with a demonstrated work history in the information technology and services industry. skilled in cascading style sheets (css), java, php, c, and wordpress. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications (mca) focused in computer science from svits. ,
believe in networking and hardware(routing and switching) | network security l ccna l ccnp routine & switching l python l c programming like ositive person with motivation and enthusiasm to excel in every opportunity. i am focused, committed and hardworking, true to the faith representatives
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in sql,asp.net, c++, communication, and microsoft office. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in computer engineering from vadodara institute of engg., kotambi, waghodiya 080. 
full stack developer with recent experience on frontend frameworks - vuejs, vanillajs. previously worked as jack-of-all-trades with hands on many technologies ranging from - laravel to django, angularjs to vuejs, android to ios, aws, golang. 
i am a resourceful, and pragmatic front-end web developer, with over 3 years of experience. currently, i work as a developer/designer at a lead agency in carson, california. in my spare time, i volunteer as a remote developer, for a non-profit social organization called advance social innovation hq   d in mountainview, california. although i   m primarily self-taught, i   ve recently completed an apprenticeship, in which i developed, tested and deployed full-stack(client + r.e.s.t. api) applications, alongside peer and senior devs. i have experience with a myriad of front, middle and back end technologies and feel that my success as a developer is a direct result of insane technical curiosity, gluttony for    no-holds-barred    critical feedback, and a knack for catching on quickly! 
highly motivated and hardworking developer, currently living and working in minneapolis.  i have a background in web development, education, volunteering and mentoring.  my passion is to make the world a better, more beautiful place for everyone, using the power of technology.  self-defined jack of all trades, master of none  i may not know the answer to everything, but i'm excited to find it out.  infj  the advocate - works to realize their goals and make a lasting positive impact.  top 5 strength insight report themes  learner  great desire to learn and want to continuously improve restorative  adept at dealing with problems consistency   keenly aware of the need to treat people the same empathy  can sense the feelings of other people by imagining themselves in others    lives or situations achiever  has a great deal of stamina and works hard 
experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in web design, cascading style sheets (css), php, wordpress, and html. strong arts and design professional graduated from sutex bank college of computer applications & science. 
i'm mahak, i'd started my journey in tech with java, making small games like tic tac toe using arrays but now, here am i playing with javascript.   i'm a web developer who has learnt full-stack development but usually focuses on frontend development while working in teams.  apart from coding i love painting and sketching, so out of curiosity i had started playing around with digital designing tools and have ended up learning graphic designing along with ui/ux designing.  i have worked with 5+ companies and i strongly believe in the saying that nothing will happen until we put in the effort to make it happen 
need a website or mobile app    i'm glad to provide you with the solution. my experience in web designing/development field is ready to serve your business key facts       over 300 successfully completed projects      3 years of experience in development     8 years of experience in designing     a strong portfolio      designing tools (photoshop, illustrator, sketch, after effects)      web design (html, css, jquery, angular, bootstrap)      php (core, wordpress, codeignater, joomla, magneto, shopify)      app designs (android, ios, web apps)      believe in neat and clean work by using latest tools and following upcoming trends. ,
determined web developer offering 3 years of expertise in fast-paced departments. bilingual and well-spoken with ability to work closely with people of all different backgrounds and personalities. seeking an opportunity to oversee a team of exceptional developers in a well-esatblished company. 
i am undergraduate b.tech student who choose his passion as his carreer i.e computer science .i am a passionate programmer who loves coding and playing a techniques on computer .i think am  a researcher ,who is anxious about any topic of his interest  i give more attention to quality than quantity  a great follower of albert einstein because of my love in physics and he is god of his branch.i am person  confidence with fully devoted to my work.i dont interrupt in others matter unless it comes to me. my abilities are  leadership,managment,good communication skill,aperson of business mind 
java,php,wordpress, python, javascript, css,html,codingniter ,i am a front-end web developer. i am also involved in back-end development. i am self-motivated,creative and highly passionate about front-end development.  1-skills already have-javascript,bootstrap,html,css,sql server,angular.  2-skills which i am working on-react.js, node.js,mongodb,express.js i am looking forward to work in an environment where i could utilize my skills in creating user friendly minimalist web fornt-end and learn back-end js frameworks like node.js,express.js. 
motivate and passionate about web development .a javascript developer by practice.strong engineering professional and pursued bachelor of technology (b.tech) focused in computer science from kiit university. 
full-stack software developer, and aspiring unicorn with perseverance, curiosity, grit and a growth mindset.  a creator & software engineer with a knack for ux design            hi! i'm a computer science undergrad, currently dedicating time towards improving my knowledge of software engineering principles and best practices while managing web development projects in multiple college societies and an ngo, vivaann. i'm currently actively looking for full-time opportunities for an sde-i role around web solutions & devops.  i am passionate about design     whether it is about the user experience, the interface or the architecture. the impact it has on any given service, business or startup's success is what inspires me to strive for better. i aim to create a more empathetic environment for everyone through clear, conducive design.  i've written a few articles in several places, the most popular one being published in noteworthy, a medium publication with a viewership of 45k+ readers. i also organise technical contests and workshops under csi, gitam student branch. reach out for collaboration!  my personal blog is up now, being refreshed with my latest works and articles on software engineering & design. i'm always listening for feedback so do leave a message! ,
i'm ex-student of iit delhi and i'm single to. right now working in microsoft usa as a sr.web developer and designer also. i'm from india. i'm professional in this field.
web accessibility and user experience (ux) principles, research and design ,experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, jquery, java, html, and javascript. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications - mca focused in computer software engineering from g.h. raisoni college of engineering nagpur. ,
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, mysqli, web design, software design, and html. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in computer engineering from apollo institute of engineering and technology. 
senior full-stack engineer with over 12 years professional experience developing over 130 large-scale, dynamically driven websites and web applications. extensive experience working with html, css, sass, vanilla javascript, javascript libraries, jquery, php, mysql and have a deep passion for javascript related technologies and frameworks such as react.js and node.js.  #                                                                                              -               html,  css,  sass,  bem,  flexbox,  css grid ,  javascript es5 / es6/7,  jquery,  react.js                     -               node.js,   express.js
i am a software engineer that specializes in full-stack web development. i love to learn, build, and solve problems! life as a web developer gives me the opportunity to do all these things in spades. my education background is in business administration (bachelors of science) from university of the pacific, social/human services (certificate) from seattle central college and full-stack web development from galvanize, inc.  technical skills - languages  javascript (es6), html5, css3 - frameworks & libraries  react w/ redux, angular, react native, bootstrap, reactstrap, semantic ui, express  - version control  git, github, bitbucket , gitlab - backend   sql (postgresql), restful apis, mvc structure
full stack (ui/ux     focused) developer working in the seattle area.  i break eggs to make omelettes. i believe in moving fast and that perfect is the enemy of good. move forward, build cool stuff without fear.  i am an experienced full stack developer focused on ui and ux. i love programming and building things. i am open to trying new ideas, languages or just technology in general.  i care about code quality, maintainability, and readability.  i am language and framework agnostic but currently heavily interested in vue.js, react, python and c# among others.  top qualities                                                         not a jerk     cares about craft     gets things done  accomplishments                                                                        successfully delivered over 20 high quality professional web applications, including enterprise level saas web apps     integrated and developed several slick ui/ux heavy charts, grids, and dashboard components     delivered websites from mockup stage to fully featured pixel perfect implementations     designed and implemented database components, import/export scripts, and query performance analysis     implemented test strategy from unit tests to automated integration testing     improved seo & google page rank for multiple websites     created nerd fonts  iconic font aggregator, collection, and patcher     created vimdevicons  adds icons to popular vim plugins     extended feature set and optimized performance of custom js datagrid by 90% cross browser     built new processes and automated build tasks     improved various websites performance through minification, css sprites, and tooling recommendations  technologies                                                         web frontend/ui  javascript, angularjs, react
web developer with design experience and project management background. i love keeping myself busy all the time with the things like traveling, writing and job searching. i work hard to achieve my goals. at times i write poems, blogs and stories, it   s a passion for me. i create innovative ideas in such a way that it brings success to the company i work for. never giving up attitude is my secret to success.  i am a b.tech graduate in computer science.  i have worked in tech mahindra hyderabad for 2 years as an associate software engineer under the skills like java, javascript, html, css and javascript . my previous job experience has been a good one. the environment in which i worked was a success-driven and a team-oriented one. we were assigned with different kinds of projects which required to develop web pages using javascript.   intend to work with leading organization of hi-tech environment with dedicated people and abilities that offers professional growth while being resourceful and innovative.. immediate joinee for it jobs. 
javascript developer at day on zoho && open source contributor at night  ,ability to work hard in any situation.love to work in a team 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in java, node.js, spring framework & hibernate, c++, and jquery. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in computer science from punjab technical university. 
ompassionate software developer with 7 months of experience at retail business services, an ahold delhaize usa company and 3 years of experience at infosys ltd. currently pursuing masters from northeastern university in information systems. proficient team player, hardworking and a toastmaster international certified competent leader.   my interests are to become a versatile and skilled full stack developer and looking forward to these future opportunities.  technical skills      programming languages          java, javascript, swift, python, shell scripting, c#     web technologies                    nodejs, express, react, angular, jsp, html, css, sass, bootstrap     database                                   mongodb, mssql, mysql
software developer, problem solver, technology enthusiast  ,i've always had a love for all things analytical and logic-oriented. ever since the grade school logical problems of  grass is to green as sky is to ________ , i was hooked on solving puzzles of all forms. whether it be a crossword puzzle or a math homework problem, i couldn't get enough of having a problem and working my way towards the answer. after all, math problems are just puzzles with numbers and variables. this is what eventually lead me to pursuing a degree in mathematics.  in addition to math, i have found a love for programming, which i experienced for the first time while at university. despite the brutal introduction that so many people face when learning programming, i learned to absolutely love the process of banging my head against the keyboard and screen until i hit that magical moment when i run my code and it finally works the way i intended. because of this immense satisfaction that programming gives me, in addition to the opportunity to create, i enrolled at a full-time, full-stack web development bootcamp hosted by the university of denver. it has been the best decision of my life and every week i crave the knowledge that allows me to create powerful and beautiful web applications.  i hope to someday use my analytical, logical, programming, and interpersonal skills to be successful enough that i can make a significant difference in the world. whether i am building web applications that improve people's lives or supporting/volunteering with charities, my life mission is to use the gifts  i've been given to improve other's lives and i can die happy if i am able to create a brighter future for even a single person (but it will, of course, be millions by the time i'm done here).  thank you for taking the time to read this and have a great rest of your day! ,
enthusiast with a good knowledge of web development. experienced senior frontend developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in mysql database, php, jquery, angular js. strong information technology professional with a electronics and communication focused in communication from fisat. , 7chipposts 
to work in a professionally managed, open culture, innovative organization in order to fulfil the organizational as well as individual goals & to secure a challenging position where i can effectively contribute and process competent management and  technical skills. , prateeksingh480 ,
i am looking for a job to the website designer and seo executive  ,4+ years of professional experience and expertise in php and it's contrasting frames, wordpress development copes up with theme integration and creation.   i am a full stack developer, i aim at 100% client satisfaction & 360-degree job success score. alongside a keen eye of observation, i am a detail-oriented, punctual and tech-savvy individual.  including the skills mentioned above, i am individually able to analyze, design and develop all types of complex projects. not just that, i am well versed in designing a portion of html, csss3, bootstrap4, saas and do on.  keeping the objective of satisfying the need of my client i ensure that my work is of apex quality. right from developing a responsive website to a web application - the quality of work and cost incurred is the sole parameter where i weigh my work.  in my career span, i have been building large corporate websites using custom functionality creating a backend that's user-friendly even for the non-coders.  if you still wish to know more, why don't you connect with me! thanks and regards. ,
i am a full stack web developer. i have 1yr+ experience of react and nodejs. i have created some nodejs websites, designed landing pages, react serverless websites with cloud firestore and cloud functions and mern stack webapps. i have also shipped some websites to my clients. i am also very much regular in open source.  if you're interested, checkout my github profile and contributions  
i'm proficient in html5, css3, javascript, react, wordpress and git.,fullstack developer with expertise in bootstrap, reactjs, nodejs, express and mongdb. working on skills of android development using dart. ,
i want to learn more and experience new things!  motivated php developer seeks employment as part of a dynamic software development team. fluent in several programming languages. , sachinmoorthy ,
a technology enthusiast. blogger. chai lover.  founder, infokoala  i have a certain thing for tech, and you will always find me behind the lenses and the screens.  i prefer living one day at a time, with a cup of tea, ummm maybe some chocolates and creams, but my mind resides in vitamins and proteins. i tend to workout sometimes. ,
software engineer looking for a new challenge in the technical automation  ,i have always had a passion for creating things. nowadays, i use this creativity to build and develop software to impact, excite and positively influence people.   i am working as a python developer for my organization.
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the digital marketing industry. skilled in custom wordpress theme development and html email development. graduated from university of utah - david eccles school of business. 
automation engineer and developer with a passion for continuous learning, improvement and delivering highest quality contributions. with experience in javascript, angular, c#, selenium and asp.net core and a background in testing and troubleshooting, i discovered automation and development through my desire to create and innovate. as a self started, i bring strong skills in problem solving, prioritizing and designing that help software companies deliver stable software to their customers. i bring a fresh perspective to solving complex problems and always look for ways to challenge and grow myself and help the people around me to the same. 
result driven web developer with experience in php, code igniter framework, w3c compliant html & css. analytical and detail oriented. working knowledge of on-page seo, website speed optimization and social media marketing and optimization. keen to learn new things and explore new ways am all set to discover me with a craze for creativeness and dedication to work,      experience on codeigniter framework with a clear understanding of mvc pattern.     experience in web designing and handling digital marketing projects like social media marketing, on-page technical seo and speed optimization.     ability to write php program on ci framework.     knowledge of using linux systems     understanding of api integration and api development.     experience with microsoft office suite, including outlook, word, excel, and powerpoint 
php web developer ,i have expertise in following fields       core php    joomla     laravel     codeignitor     css     wordpress   working on your job, i will provide proper documentation on each solved task. with each service, no matter how small or big, i will provide a detailed report and documentation.  range of services includes below   - custom wordpress theme development - custom wordpress plugin development - installing and configuring themes and plugins - custom post type integration - psd to wordpress - responsive design - ecommerce websites ,
2 year in front end development     5 years in ghraphics     1 year in php development 3 social media marketing , html, css, javascript, jquery, react, vue.js, laravel, wordpress, angular, typescript, github, sass, grunt, gulp, google cloud platform, webpack, npm
the only way to learn is to do, i am passionate about solving challenging problems while focusing on customers' requirements based off data, intuition, and experience to back up the how and why.  i am always up for a new challenge, and flourish in new environments -- always eager to learn and do more. ,
highly motivated to work into new technologies and skill sets ,experienced business developer and self-taught web developer, with a pragmatic, solution-oriented mindset and a keen interest in strategy and effective communication. i enjoy building relationships, working in cross-functional teams and solving problems. ,
born and raised in los angeles while having spent a year in texas. although my time in texas was short, i can proudly say i have adopted the southern hospitality which is something i carry with myself everywhere i go. in my spare time i love to solo travel, attend seminars and listen to podcasts about investment, leadership development and building the right mindset. i enjoy the challenge of jumping outside of my comfort-zone in order to develop mentally and physically and am a huge believer that the day you stop learning is the day you stop living. on the side, i have my own clothing brand known as stay ambitious  the message behind my brand is to promote wellness and inspire oneself to reach their full potential. i live and breathe what i stand for and love seeing and helping others develop.  throughout the last five years, i have dedicated my time working in the logistics/supply chain field. while i have gained a lot of expertise in my field, i found myself wanting more of a challenge. i decided to experiment on the side and came across coding. i was inspired by how much there was to learn and how anyone can create their own world. just like creating my own clothing brand, i love seeing my creations genuinely connect with others. that was when i became passionate about coding and decided to change careers.  overall, not only will i bring new ideas, a team player attitude, and a growth-driven mindset into my role but i will pour my heart into any work environment to ensure my work will always exceed expectations. brief descriptions of my applications can be found on my resume. ,
experienced web programmer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in microsoft excel, customer service, microsoft word, strategic planning, and microsoft office. strong engineering professional graduated from vishwa vishwani institute of technology 
intuitive ui/front end developer with three years of experience in web development and design creating user-friendly websites.  proven experience leveraging graphics and web design to provide insightful user experience with creativity, determination to drive excellence. a graduate of northwestern university, full stack web development program with the knowledge and expertise to maximize user engagement. , ogike27 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the research industry. skilled in html, cascading style sheets (css), bootstrap, dreamweaver, adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator. beginner in javascript, drupal and wordpress. strong engineering professional with a be - bachelor of engineering focused in electronics and communication from ssn college of engineering. 
i'm web designer i have knowledge about html, css, bootstrap, photoshop , senior web developer specializing in front end and back end development. experienced with all stages of the development cycle for dynamic web projects. well-versed in numerous programming languages including html5, php oop, javascript, css, mysql. strong background in project management and customer relations. 
a third year undergraduate engineering at pccoe&r with interests in a mobile application development (android + flutter), ml, ai and web development.    i am skilled in the competitive programming as well as have developed many projects till now.  programming languages -    c, c++, java( core +advance) , python.      web technology -    html, css, javascript, php, jsp     database -    mysql, postgresql, mongodb.     frameworks -    android, flutter, bootstrap, nodejs, mean stack.     other skills -    1. decision maker.    2. team leadership    3. interpersonal communication    4. agile and scrum ,
stack developer with experience in building web applications for business and clients.  if you are viewing my profile, i would love to meet you. i enjoy learning about people's journey and exchanging knowledge to help each other grow. 
software. react, redux, aws, gcp, javascript es6, coffeescript, typescript, golang, nodejs, vue, angular, ci/cd, jenkins, docker, tdd, mocha, jest
i am a highly motivated, hardworking developer and team lead, quick to learn and develop skills.  always polite, punctual, friendly and reliable with experience of being under pressure, i have worked in a range of developer roles.  as well as being confident and competent prioritising tasks, i also enjoy leading and  working with a team. my main skills are based around front-end web development, with a particular interest in performance, scss and accessibility. i also have an interest in full-stack development, with a particular interest in using aws to deliver highly available applications. i'm also a stem ambassador, doing my bit in encouraging young people into a stem career. , andymsuk 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in sql, php, xhtml, jquery, and databases. strong engineering professional with a good focused in cis from yarmouk university. 
i   m versatile full stack developer. i have extensive years of experience developing android and ios mobile application using multiple design patterns. i   m interested in dive new evolving technologies with artificial intelligence and machine learning.  i work as a technical lead at tecocraft ltd.  and  currently engaged with multiple global clients across numerous industries and b2b tech companies.  i   m really fascinated in developing cross-platform mobile apps using xamarin, flutter, rich-client web applications and fully-architecture, secure, performant end-end cloud solutions.   -----------------------------------------my experience-------------------------------------------------------------  i   m deeply familiar and working with these technical skill sets   programming languages  swift, objective-c, java, kotlin   database   mysql, sqlite, mssql, coredata source control  github, slack, jira, bitbucket, confluence, trello, basecamp
i enjoy my work, because my work is my passion.  i am a software engineer and backend developer with experience in developing high quality and highly scalable web applications for clients, enterprises, and startups. i also have experience in handling the whole tech stack of the company (picntic travels) by myself (frontend, backend, cloud services, servers, deployment, and system administration). currently, i am pursuing a bachelor of technology from poornima college of engineering, jaipur.  skills  entrepreneurship, freelancing, business oriented tech development,creation of highly scalable backends, problem-solving through data structures and algorithms, very good communication skills, public relations  technology stack  c, c++
i have 0.5 year of experience as a devops and 2 years of experience as a developer.  i'm node.js(express) developer, also i worked in python too. currently i'm learning reactjs. working with mongodb and sequel too. as i worked in devops, having knowledge about server hosting, management, migration etc.  i'm more passionate about programming but i started my carrier as a devops. i have good logical approach on anything. have skills to grasp new things frequently.   my personal interest is in coding.  mongodb express reactjs nodejs  kind of a mern developer!     ,
i   m a software developer with 4 years of experience in both web and mobile app. i have worked on html5, css, bootstrap, material design,js,  jquery, angular js, angular 2x & 4x 9x, node js, mongo db web technology.  until recently, i build e-commerce website for buy and sell of pre-owned book which include angular-material design and firebase google cloud based database.  also worked for core banking solutions  to create dashboard to analyse growth by charts and tabular data.  working in indian railway personal android project to get basic info about indian railways like   1.pnr status.   2.running status   3.train between station and many more .. ,
experienced frontend web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in angular js, react js,  jquery, html5,  javascript, css3, bootstrap, c#, dot net mvc, json etc. strong engineering professional with a master of technology - mtech focused in embedded system from rk university. 
an ambitious and driven individual with 5 year of experience as a front-end web developer holding expertise in html, css, sass, wordpress, javascript, dreamweaver and rich media ads. proven ability to adapt and work under pressure in a fast-paced working environment, meeting highest standards and deadlines, as well as working closely as part of a team, simulating members to achieve targets and goals. also holds knowledge at progressive level in multiple ad servers including google ad manager, adform and flashtalking. 
having website design & development portfolio varies from new businesses to large corporates. having  growing portfolio and experience in e-commerce development, website design, website development, web portal development, mobile development, software development and website promotion (ex. google, msn, yahoo etc), domain registration, website hosting, cloud computing services and continuously improving client management.whether you want to have a completely new website designed or customize or redesign your old one, i am here to help. every new project is a challenge for me to prove my skills and to satisfy customer   s needs in every possible aspect. ,
energetic web designer with 2 years of experience creating and maintaining  functional, attractive, and responsive websites for companies. clear understanding of html, css, bootstrap, materialize, javascript, photoshop, illustrator, coreldraw, adobe xd, adobe dimension, lunacy, sketch and figma with modern technologies. ,
i am working as a junior web developer for the last 2 years, and the projects i   ve been involved in have ranged from simple web applications used by thousands of users every day. most of the applications that i   ve worked on are still in use today. whenever i   ve worked in a team with other engineers, i   ve always been one of the people that have worked the hardest, and who were responsible for making sure that the applications actually worked. that led me to help and collaborate with other people (who had other responsibilities on the same project), so i got to learn various technologies. my favorite language is php, and i   ve worked with technologies and frameworks such as codeigniter, laravel, java script, jquery, etc. i also have a lot of experience with web design (html, css, bootstrap, wordpress) database systems. 
developer  weekfire. web-development, web ui designing, app ui designing, wordpress development, digital marketing.  web developer and full-stack designer who specializes in ux/ui development. my skills range anywhere from front-end development (html5, css3, sass, javascript(reactjs, jquery), bootstrap, wordpress, drupal, responsive web design and web applications) to user experience & user interface design (ux research, wireframing, visual designs, mockups, ui elements, prototyping, and usability testing). i enjoy building a variety of websites from simple small business sites to rich interactive websites.   i am also a sr web developer for the city of chandler. i graduated from asu ira a. fulton schools of engineering with a bachelor of applied science in internet and web development. if you are a business needing a little help with your web presence, please get in touch with me. , rosendo_fig 
experience developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry include web and mobile app development, marketing, seo, smm etc.  skilled in sql, php, wordpress, business development, and business strategy. strong business development professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in engineering from rajiv gandhi prodyogiki vishwavidyalaya. , ankitasingh2a 
after discovering my passion for web/app development, i couldn   t get enough. i used my strengths to build extensive projects and full stack applications. i   m looking forward to bringing that passion to a full-time role.
i am a hardworking & good learner. i am learn some fact related to life. i am self-motivated.  experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in wordpress, jquery, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), and adobe photoshop. , jaydeep87587 ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the outsourcing/offshoring industry. skilled in php, git, node js, mongodb. strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in angular,react,php,android.from shri chimanbhai patel institute of computer applications. 
experienced php web developer. skilled in html,css,js,ajax,jquery,corephp, mvc, codeigniter, wordpress, and opencart.  strong engineering professional with a master of engineering focused in computer engineering from b h gardi college of engineering & technology. 
skilled in web development and wordpress development. currently working as a  web developer.   my name is amit mehra, i have good knowledge in website development,  wordpress based sites and woocommerce, with added skills in web design, html, css, js, jquery, bootstrap and core php.  area of expertise   ||technical skills||  1. html  2. css 3. java script 4. bootstrap 5. wordpress 6. php 7. photoshop 8. jquery   i have completed mca now looking for a better opportunity in the field of web development or software developement. please let me know if there is any opportunity for me.
i would be happy to learn just half the stuff i already thought i learned.      i am an ambitious creative looking to add as much value as i possibly can to the lives all the great people in my life from family, friends and my peers. when given, it is always returned 10 times greater.  my passion lies in the web development and ui/ux & graphic design fields. being able to create awesome, memorable and bada$$ content for the world to see is what drives me. it also proves to me that i am capable of so much more than i think i am at times.
a front-end developer in statinfer software solution with a strong background in html 5, css3, bootstrap framework, css animation, javascript/jquery, php/mysql, wordpress, photoshop, search engine optimization(seo) google web master tool, google analytics, web debugging tools like firebug, chrome inspector etc. , pnayak_5 
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in  php, codeigniter, cascading style sheets (css), sql and wordpress. strong engineering professional with a engineer   s degree focused in computer science and engineering from shri vaishnav institute of technology & science, baroli, sanwar road, indore. 
codeigniter, php, ajax, jquery, javascript, bootstrap, rest api, laravel, mean stack and react js  ,i   m a  multi-disciplinary ui developer & web designer who   s delivered creative and engaging elucidations across brand identity, web application, api, and digital media.      over 3 years of web development experience, with proven background successfully managing all facets of site development, from initial design and architecture to site deployment and client management.     to become a successful professional in a highly competitive technological world where performance is rewarded with new challenging responsibilities and to serve a reputed growth oriented industry in the field of design, development and maintenance.     demonstrated ability to complete high-end projects in deadline-oriented environments.     adept at successfully revamping web sites to enhance user satisfaction and retention time, streamline navigation, and increase ad revenue and sales.     specialities  javascript, react, node.js, python, haskell, web development, web designing, application developer, innovation
creative and dependable word press developer with 9+ years experience in creating outstanding and interactive websites. complete understanding of wordpress core software, database connectivity and its functions. having experience in creating, extending and customizing wordpress themes and plug-in. strong knowledge in installing and configuring wordpress multisite. key responsibilities      construct digital platforms including promotion sites, web applications, ecommerce sites and digital products on wordpress.     handle with wordpress plug-in, short codes, function and the loop. use popular wp plug-in and wordpress api and customize plug-in code, as required.     capability to understand business / plan goals and translate them into well-documented, clean code.     writing seo friendly and performance optimized code. work closely with the front-end developer to put together the finished product.     coding of custom wordpress theme and template files using html, css, php, and bootstrap 3 framework.     deployment from local environment to staging then to production using git and a private repo on bitbucket.     use of custom post type, custom field type, and jquery to create testimonial carousel.   ready to do      wordpress site migration     creating new page or custom post type in existing wordpress sites     bug fixing   skilled in concept of oops, php, mysql and relative web development languages. as a part of job, has created real time web applications
experienced frontend developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in sass, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), angularjs, and html. strong information technology professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer & engineering from government engineering college, patan. ,
experienced junior software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in management, cascading style sheets (css), php, html, and mysql. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications focused in php, asp.net from b h gardi college of engineering & technology. ,
i'm a web developer and an information technology undergraduate. i have an interest in designing and developing creative applications which enhance user experience. my key strengths are working efficiently and thinking creatively. 
offering 5+ years and more than 40 websites of progressive experience in owning web-based projects from concept and design through testing, implementation and client updates. successful providing efficient and accurate technical assistance to customers on website backend, domain, ssl and hosting. ,
looking up for a career extension with an organization with the efforts and knowledge for the beneficial purposes and growth of the organization.  a highly driven creative web designer, developer and ux/cx expert, with over ten years    experience working with organisations across the globe.  focusing on block-chain, machine learning and angular.  currently launching an app to help sme & demonstrate on how we can improve user experience in ecommerce with the help of ai.  if you are interested more please pm.        excellent knowledge of html5, css, less, sass and ajax     excellent knowledge of javascript, frameworks(angular + angular ssr)     excellent knowledge of responsive design and development     practical experience with javascript libraries     excellent knowledge/awareness of usability, accessibility, cross-browser issues and solutions     excellent knowledge of adobe cloud such as photoshop and illustrator     excellent knowledge of ux/ ui/ cx     practical knowledge in developing with apis (rest, xml, json, nodejs)     experience with nodejs, php, back-end technologies     excellent knowledge of agile(scrum, kanban), jira
having 3.6 years experience professional experience in front end developer.  html using div according to w3c & html5, css, css 3, javascript, jquery, css3 animation and responsive design. bootstrap sass/lass frameworks.  to be associated with a firm, that provides career development opportunities and contributes in its progress through my knowledge and skill. ,
hello friends, welcome to my professional network.  i have around 5+ years of experience in web development field using php and javascript programming language.worked cms like wordpress, open cart, shopify as well as frameworks like codeigniter, cakephp, yii2, nodejs. felling happiness to do any programming work.      i have a good knowledge of cakephp, codeigniter(ci), wordpress - php.      i egar to know more and more related to programming world.      i also have very good knowledge in mysql and complex query.      work well with tight deadlines.      good problem solving skills.      specialties      website/web application development/crm     php     wordpress, opencart, shopify etc.     cakephp, codeigniter     javascript     jquery     css3     html5 - bootstrap     ajax     web service/api     database - mysql, postgresql ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. strong engineering professional skilled in python with django and networking. , zaw soft 
specialties - seo expert,smm,ppc,link buliding,php,all framework,laravel,web design and developing,photoshop,ms office,business analytics,software testing etc. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, wordpress, javascript, jquery and bootstrap. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in computer science from dav college,amritsar. 
i am dedicated person . i enjoy travelling ,like new technologies and gadgets , my ability to plan, schedule, programming, management and handle many different tasks at once. 
before i joined codeflies last year, i didn   t know much about web development. so i took this as an opportunity to learn something new that i hadn   t learned in my college. after a little bit of research, i came to know about things like html, css and javascript. little did i know that this was bare minimum needed for web development, and the actual process went much deeper than that. so here i would like to write about my training experience and the things. i have learnt in this past 6 months.  the javascript training began after the basics, and it was after this that i knew that web development was not as easy as i had thought. this was different than any other programming language i had learnt, having things like objects and closures. after working on js for almost over a month, i had backbone.js training, where i learnt about the mvc architecture.   as i learned all these things, i faced a lot of challenges. one of the mistakes i made was not going through the basics before jumping into the frameworks, because of which i had to go back and review my js training. another mistake i made was not taking styling elements seriously, which has given me some issues occasionally.  in conclusion, my first year as a web developer has been full of training and learning new things, and i   m loving every part of it. one of the best moments for me is the    aha    moment, that brief instance, when, suddenly
i am shubham kushwaha and working in vortex global services, lucknow as web designing and web developer.i have three and half year experienced in php, wordpress and shopify and web maintenance.i have a lot of knowledge in programming skill  html. css, javascript, jquery, php, and database use my sql. i use designed tool dreamweaver, notepad+ +.  working on many websites, with extensive experience building wordpress driven websites, shopify websites, html5, css3 and various web scripting technologies such as jquery, javascript. hands on experience in creating, extending and customizing wordpress and shopify themes.  my skills   # cms  wordpress, shopify. # e-commer  woocommerce. # scripts  php, html, css
thank you for reading my summary.  sr. laravel developer   regards ravikant patel  ,i have lots of huge ambitions in life, all of them orientated around helping people with software. i am so passionate about programming. i have done it since i was 13-14 years old(i'm 22 at current), and haven't stopped since!   i am a full stack web developer, it's my job and my hobby. i have worked for multiple semi-large companies and produced scale-able web applications.  the majority of the companies that come to me, are orientated around social media(i have years of experience with sm, and their available api's). they are all in need of some form of automation, to make their day to day business tasks a lot easier and allow them to make more profit, in less time.  not only can i efficiently work alone for large companies. i can also work in teams,  and manage my time effectively.  thank you for reading my bio - i hope we can work together on some software! , itsmrsammeh ,
i love applying responsive design principles and watching my web pages shrink into mobile screens and still look amazing. it   s oddly satisfying. i think in a way i   m kind of like those web pages  i   m moldable, but i still keep my creative flare intact. my specialties include quickly learning new skills and programming languages, problem solving, responsive design principles, website optimization, and model view view model (mvvm) and model view controller (mvc) methods of organizing code. so far, i have javascript, html, css, python, c, c++, java, php, mysql, jquery, bootstrap
microsoft certified professional & microsoft certified solutions associate  web applications  holding 9+ years of rich experience in developing web based application.  worked as senior .net developer, full stack developer, backend & c# developer, software developer roles in my career using technologies asp.net web forms, asp.net mvc, c#.net, vb.net, sql server, html5, entity framework, bootstrap, jquery, angular js, angular 2.0, web api, wcf services, ail services
i   m a graduate of devry university with a bachelors in multimedia design and development. i have a passion for design so i   m proficient in all things that relate to development technology. i   m an energetic individual who has been freelancing and doing contract work since february 2013 with my own brand ledjendary media. currently, i am seeking new opportunities in the field of web development and design. my discipline and organization is an asset to any team. nonetheless, my name is larry gray.  s k i l l s p r o f i l e - 6 years web development/design experience - wire framing, muse, webflow, axure rp pro 7.0, invision proficient 5 years - ui/ux responsive design layout including prototyping (proficient with ui/ux tools as well as a/b testing, card sorting, and data driven prototyping) 4 years - html5, css3, javascript, jquery, php proficient, wordpress proficient 6 years - flash knowledgeable 2 years - cms user management (wordpress proficient, joomla and drupal knowledgeable) 4 years - seo/ sem 4 years - proficient adobe creative suite software  including photoshop and illustrator, indesign, premiere pro, and dreamweaver. 4 years - mac os x/ windows proficient - experience with agile/scrum methodologies. - proficient in designing/developing email layouts utilizing html/css (knowledgeable with constant contact
i have more than 7 years of viable experience in web application development, website designing, e-commerce development, e-learning portal development, seo, social media optimization, and marketing.  i also develop and design hybrid & web view android apps, business management and automation software,  corporate slides, explainer videos, video sales letter,  e-learning materials for smart classes, newsletter design & automation.  i help businesses and professionals in their web development, seo, integrated seo tools in their websites
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, api development, jquery, codeigniter, and ajax. strong engineering professional with a msc.it focused in computer science from department of computer science, . ,
senior full stack developer.      15+ years of it experience in analysis, design, development, implementation and testing of web based, client-server and n-tier architectures.     proficient in front end ui development using html, ajax, css (cascading style sheets), java script, jquery and angularjs.     experience in developing web-centric applications using angularjs, backbonejs, extjs, nodejs, javascript, jquery, css3.     highly experienced with modern javascript frameworks and libraries like angularjs, nodejs, backbonejs, ext-js and bootstrap and jquery.     enhanced user experience by designing new web features using mvc framework like angular js and node.js.     used ajax calls through angularjs to populate the data tables on the front-end. built web-based mobile application for smartphones
web developer with js platform handy with js library like react js, node js, electron js, fabric js and many more.  creative design & multimedia institute , team lead 
junior developer with 6 months of experience in full stack web application development and support using .net core 2 and angular 2+. also experienced in database management and analytics. consistently successful in meeting milestones and accommodating changes in an agile sdlc. handles communication, problem solving, and project management expeditiously and comprehensively. 
i am happy to be part of a team that fuels customer driven innovation by finding qualified customers to participate in user research. the folks at intuit truly value opinions and want to make the best products possible and this is achieved by talking to the consumers that actually use them.   i am also a freelance full stack web developer. i have over a year of self- and professionally-taught hands on programming and development experience creating both personal and professional projects.  i also love brewing beer. i currently brew on an all-grain  fully-electric setup i made myself and i have been brewing on and off since 2008. i also have a passion for playing music, running, and technology. if you want to chat about any of the above, please reach out! ,
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in event planning, microsoft excel, php, e-commerce, and ci. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering (be) focused in computer science from g.k. bharad institute of engg., kasturba dham, rajkot 059. , shailu_2296 ,
i create thoughtful experiences for humans and propel brands with soul and substance. i designed and developed websites and branding material for 20+ clients in the last 2 years
with over 8 years of experience in web development, both front-end and back-end,i can create, design and develop websites from idea to execution. by choosing me, you will get a website having following features   -cross browser compatibility -mobile friendliness (responsive) -interactive and user-friendly design -retina friendliness -customizable and fast -search engine optimized -high security  my web development expertise include technologies such as php, css, html, javascript and mysql, having created hundreds of websites in wordpress, shopify, wix for a diverse niche of clients.  i take on your project as if it is our own, we nurture it with a creative eye and handle it with unique care to help you beat the competitor by doing research and developing a sophisticated and strategic approach when developing your website.  my main skills           laravel, yii 2,  zend, codeigniter          nodejs, angularjs, vuejs, nextjs
experienced chief operating officer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in digital strategy, statistical data analysis, sales, mass email marketing, and management. strong operations professional with a master   s degree focused in quantitative and statical analysis from baruch college, city university of new york (cuny). 
project management and system development are my key practice  creating business application is my passion  web development, web design & programming is my hobby
i am a leading web/software developer and am looking forward working on your projects. i will apply my fullest knowledge and experience in the given projects and implement my duties with determination and devotion. i have experience working with html5 and jquery / prototype. i have also worked as a mysql programmer and as a php developer in my career. i have sound experience in this arena and can handle any project with utmost confidence. i look forward to being hired by you.  my expertise - - mobile app development - javascript development - react development - table, stored procedure, function, packages, triggers, index, jobs, events design and development - database administration, backup, recovery, rman, data migration. - database optimization, query optimization, server optimization, website optimization - data analysis, data visualization, chart development - php website development - wordpress development  one of my main specialties is motion graphics , which includes  + 2d/3d infographics + animated shorts + 2d/ 3d animated logo design + corporate presentations (brand conforming ) + educational videos + 3d modeling, texturing
web developer, blogger, typing master, graphic design intermediate, intermediate in different technologies, google local guides and many more...     , front end web developer
am a freelance graphic and front-end web designer in  html/  css and javascript. ux/ui designer now focusing on crypto and blockchain technology systems.
web developer with 4 years of experience developing and designing websites and web applications.  experienced in all stages of the development cycle for full stack web projects. leverage analytical, technical, and problem-solving skills to create dynamic websites and apps.  technologies  html/css bootstrap javascript/es6 jquery git/github ruby/ruby on rails postgresql mongodb node express angular emberjs react ,
experienced | creative | energetic | prompt | reliable | flexible | dependable | honest |  my expertise and responsibilities include, among others, the following       website design (mobile and web)     landing page design     e-commerce website design     user experience design     user interface design     wordpress ecommerce     responsive & mobile friendly     wix stores     squarespace ecommerce  dedication to your project, effective and transparent communication, a thoughtful and unique approach to each individual client's needs. i truly care and want to see you be a success. 
i'm ajesh nair. i am an experienced web developer and designer with 17 years of full-stack web development experience for global businesses. i am well-versed in numerous programming languages including html5, css3, php, javascript, and sql. as a web developer focused on customer satisfaction, i manage all aspects of web development from concept to requirements definition, design, development, launch, maintenance and user support. i enjoy the client-facing role and working closely with team members to produce high-quality deliverables.
i am looking forward to any opportunities and challenges.      management of web development projects with 100% on time delivery while staying under budget     web development using html5, css3, javascript, jquery, php and adobe creative cloud     translation of wireframes and rapid prototyping tools to accurate, working code     design of interactives and mobile apps in an agile development environment     ux and ui design projects improving load time, site stickiness and user engagement     seo initiatives elevating rankings on google and other search engines , ajeshnair 
, 20 f  vrier , having around 2 years of experience in web development,  skilled in javascript, html5, css3, jquery, bootstrap, angular js, react js technologies.      strong information technology professional with a master   s degree focused in computer science from visveswaraya technological university. ,
 29 ao  t , i'm a software engineer experienced with ruby on rails. i'm passionate about problem solving and am happiest when completely immersed in a complex problem. i love the battle of developing an idea into existence, and forging the bridge between conceptualization and a tangible product. programming has been my outlet for problem-solving and creative expression, and i am always looking for new opportunities to learn and grow.  in my free time, i enjoy calisthenics, running, yoga, playing video games, and hanging out with my friends and family.  my skills include ruby on rails, javascript, html5, css3, react, redux, webpack, jquery, rspec, sql, postgresql
, you can build your own things that other people can use. and once you learn that, you   ll never be the same again.  - steve jobs  my passion in software development stems from a constant desire to learn and create. i take pride in writing and maintaining clean, readable code to build and optimize full-stack web applications.    languages  python, javascript, java, typescript, html5, css front-end/libraries  jquery, ajax, mongoose, socketio, bootstrap frameworks  react, angular6, express, nodejs, spring boot, django, flask dev tools  aws ec2
 experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in javascript, jquery, angular, and web design. strong engineering professional with a master of science (m.sc.) focused in software engineering from coimbatore institute of technology. ,
i am a proactive, bold, and growth-oriented self-taught developer with a strong drive and willingness to learn new things. i love creating simple and effective ui that optimizes user   s experience. my personal mission is to further my specialization in frontend development, solve difficult problems, work with amazing people and develop cool products. i would also like to make a huge impact in the frontend industry. ,
experienced full stack web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in html, css, javascript, ruby on rails, ruby, node js, java and react. strong web developer graduated from devpointlabs. ,
as a full-stack developer, i love solving problems.  i enjoy working with a team and coming together to collaborate and solve real-world problems.   my experience currently includes some of the following technologies, but are not limited to, javascript, react, react-native, postresql, node, html, css, express, jest, vue, laravel, and much more.  including other techs that can compliment a web dev such as photoshop and adobe premiere.  other notable achievements include being fluent in mandarin chinese, as well as being a multiple full ironman triathlon finisher.
i love coding and i am fascinated by how the front-end interacts with the back-end and how to make them work together in a powerful way.  over the last 6 months i have built 3 web-apps      blog app (40 hours)     movie app (40 hours)     to-do list app (20 hours)  the following technologies were used      django     git     github      anvil works     heroku  my experience as a coach has helped me develop my social and communication skills.  things i am proud of       i am a soccer player. i have won medals and certificates in playing the sport i love.     developing apps on my own.     learning to cook.   i am looking for a django full-stack web developer role and i am available immediately. 
i enrolled in a full stack web development course at devmountain. while there, i spent time with a small virtual team working to build web applications. this involved learning back-end technologies like nodejs, express, and postgresql, and front-end tech which included reactjs, javascript, and redux. i am currently seeking a role in web development.
i graduated university and have bachelor degree in computer science. i have worked at google as frontend developer for internship. i am full stack web developer with 7 years experience.  - mean/mern stack  developer - .net/c#/asp.net  developer - frontend/backend developer - php/laravel developer  my skills are     angular - 5 years,  react.js/react native - 5 years,   .net/c#/asp.net - 5 years,   node.js - 5 years,   javascript - 7 years,   php/laravel - 5 years,   database - 7 years,   html, css, bootstrap - 7 years,   aws, google cloud, devops - 5 years,    i can be a dedicated developer for long term. 
developer and public health advocate with a passion for creating tangible products from simple ideas and promoting mental and personal wellbeing.  i graduated from uc san diego in june 2019 with a b.s. in human biology and am currently pursuing a b.s. in computer science at cu boulder.  i believe that my unique academic background combining both fields of study allows me to provide a fresh perspective to any project or team that i have the privilege work on.    i am open to all opportunities related to web design/development - especially if i am also able to utilize my background in the biosciences - and would love to link up for a coffee chat or phone call.
frontend developer having 5 years of experience skills - photoshop, wordpress, , shopify, html, bootstrap, css3, responsive design etc. ,
i am a software engineer, working since 2016 in scrum environments.  my specialties include c#, .net, and sql.  i am dedicated to my work and get along well with my coworkers.    revamped code for northrop grumman's glass manufacturing shop to make it use an oracle database rather than its old ingres database.    worked in asp.net mvc, and html/css/javascript to update and style an internal website product for conexus.  the product was a composite of asset tracking data used in military hospitals.  i am excited to be continuing my career as a software developer.  my main focus right now is to continue building experience in html/css/javascript, angular, and c#. ,
coding is like walking up an escalator that's spiraling downwards. you keep walking and never really reach the top.  i'm tony, full stack web developer, game developer and software engineer.  i code in c, c++, c#, java, lua, python, html, css and javascript . i'm familiar with various frameworks and web technologies such as flask, django, spring, asp.net, angular, react and ajax.  i   m passionate about passing on my coding knowledge, breaking down complex concepts into layman's terms. i'm driven to learn, staying on my toes with the latest technologies in this ever-changing industry.  if i'm not knees deep into coding one of my own projects, you'll find me willingly offering up my services or skills to aid other like-minded individuals. 
i am an avid learner in the field of software technology. i intend to use technology as a tool combined with my problem-solving skills to have a positive impact on the society.  i have been a part of winning team of smart india hackathon 2018 & 2019 and have developed a mobile app to improve the condition of farmers. i have also been a part of a startup and developed an app called datascience101 which is an educational app ranked first on playstore for keywords data science and machine learning with over 100k downloads. i like to solve proexperienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in computer science, c , c++, html, css, javascript, react.js, redux.js, express.js, python, flask, sql and mongodb. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer science from indian institute of technology (indian school of mines), dhanbad. 
i'm a full-stack web developer and i love nothing more than learning new technologies, rolling up my sleeves, and writing some code. my background as an environmental scientist taught me the value of fanatical attention to detail and the importance of data integrity. leading a classroom, i mastered visual and verbal communication styles and discovered how to bring order to chaos. my passions include mastering new technology, cracking difficult coding puzzles, and playing cello.  specialties  angular 2, arcgis, aws, bootstrap, css, express.js, git, github, gis, html5, javascript, jquery, mongodb
a full stack developer with experience and hard working at corporate, startups and as a consultant. individual ready to sacrifice whatever in hand to contribute. focused and believe in hard work always pay. learning & applying is the best strategy that whatever feels new and solves some real life issues. like to stay ahead in terms of knowledge and helping other. my work history has provided me a variety of business skills which allow me to relate to all levels of management, to a variety of business positions, and work successfully with a diversity of personalities, customers, and end-users. addition to this currently working for oges.info, an oil & gas portal where professionals enjoys a high quality of services such as knowledge exchange,solutions of typical technological questions, jobs ,webinars and much more & this all will provide to me a new experience in oil & gas sector. 
motivated and detail-oriented full stack developer. enjoys a good challenge and loves learning new technologies. ardent follower of artificial intelligence and machine learning projects , adobe 
experienced freelancer of web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in node.js, react.js, angular, php, express.js, javascript, and html5, css, bootstrap, jq. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications - mca focused in computer software engineering from srimca (uka tarsadia university). ,
i am a passionate individual with a thirst for knowledge. i am able to learn new concepts quickly in a fast-paced-environment and am motivated to constantly improve my skills.
full-stack developer interested in continuous growth and life-long learning.  current role is front-end developer working with a stack of c#, js, xml and asp.net.  freelance stack includes but not limited to js, react, node.js. and react native.  looking for the opportunity to help guide developers who are just starting on their journey. ,
this is just the obligatory  online resume . do not contact me if you're a recruiter, future software developer, worked as a support associate intern at amazon development center with a strong background in web project development and pursuing masters in cs with specialization in data science (machine learning, big data, stats for data science) at the university of texas, dallas. seeking the internship opportunities for fall/spring 2020 and full-time roles 
experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in microsoft word, php, plesk, sql server management studio,photoshop and html. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of engineering focused in little knowledge programming and designing from madhuben and bhanubhai patel women institute of engineering for studies and research in computer and communication technology-063. 
experienced php web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information services industry. skilled in photography, microsoft word, databases, public speaking, and leadership. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology (b.tech.) focused in computer science from kurukshetra university. ,
i am a current student here at san jose state university, pursuing a bachelors in software engineering. at the moment, i am working as a private caregiver for a retired ucsc professor, as well as a grader for data structures here at sjsu. i am currently looking to find an internship in general programming/computer science, i am well versed in java, very familiar with front end development(javascript , css, html etc..) as well as proficiency in ios mobile development, swift and storyboards. take a look at my portfolio for a few projects of mine 
what   s up, i   m vikash passionate in problem solving, i   m a full stack web developer living in new delhi, delhi, india.responsible for writing server side web-application logic in node.js. also interested in the adjacent tech stack like python, reactjs, expressjs etc. i am a fan of technology, programming, and web development. i   m also interested in volleyball and fitness.
hi.i am 15 year old computer enthusiast and i like to explore possibilities in ai,machine learning,iot and much more.i am a nerd  -) 
i   m a web developer working towards making a positive mark on the world. i want to make the world better by building and contributing to projects that can leave the lives of the users better than before.
experienced front-end web developer with a focus on client side technologies.  my current focus graphql, angular, angular 1.x to 2 migration, angular architecture for enterprise applications, angular cli, nx, typescript, progressive web apps, web components, unit & end-to-end testing, ui build process, node & npm, docker, kubernetes, ui frameworks / libraries & vs code 
i'm a self-motivated full stack developer & designer with proven expertise confident to create a high quality, easy interface, beautifully designed stunning websites. i will write clean, modular, and testable code and provide ongoing support. i am responsible to building online solutions that are not only technically robust, but also provide the best solution to your specific needs.    php(laravel)   php(cake)   wordpress  i have been actively developing websites for corporate, private organizations, schools, and hospitals. i am a seasoned website design/developer seeking to employ my skills in creating modern and dynamic websites for all categories of clients, right from the beginning to the highest level of application and add-on integration. 
to learn something ,you need one thing it's just  interest . i m seeing a career as a web developer/php developer.i have  completed bachelor in computer application(bca) in  2018. i don't have the  experience to work in any company. but i have experience of my own project. i have done some project.  (i) school management system(using php,j javascript,jquery,css,html,mysql) (ii) online shopping system(php,mysql). (iii)i have developed my personal website(using wordpress). i will upload on online server soon. (iv) now i have requirements of one website so currently i am desgining it at home. if i get any opportunity by company then i will show my projects.   my skills & knowledge i have strong  knowledge of web language like html5,css3,javascript,jquery,php5,mysql. i have knowledge of database desgin. i have done work with sql server.  i have sound knowledge of php oop concept. now i am learning about seo by  the google,youtube and tutorials because i have to use seo in my website. i  want to work with multinational it companies. my ambition is to be software developer/web developer so i want an opportunity by your company. i want to enhance  my skill and knowledge with an organization.                                                                                                    software engineer with experience in ruby on rails and javascript frameworks and a background in logistics management and transportation. possess strong skills in project management, collaborative problem solving, multitasking, and paying great attention to details.   programming was always something i was curious about but never got a chance to interact with it. while working at whole foods market as a dairy buyer, i've started to develop a greater interest in programming. i was interacting with technologies every day. as customers would call to know if a product was available i came to a realization that their website could be improved upon to show more details. i decided to explore coding by teaching myself html & css and building a static website from bottom up. full of enthusiasm, i decided to enroll in the flatiron school software engineering program to gain the necessary skills to become a full stack web developer. from the very first day of the program, i remember the feelings of joy and accomplishment of being able to produce lines of codes and was amazed by how powerful theses lines were. i am ready to use my skills and technologies to find solutions to real-world problems and building interactive, high-quality products that can improve the way people interact with information and one another around the globe. i am passionate and love to create software that delivers a deep and meaningful impact on people's lives.   when i am not coding you can find me playing basketball, video games, or at the dog park with my dog shaq. let's connect!  proficient  ruby on rails, javascript, react, react hooks, redux, nodejs, express, postgresql, mongodb
i am a computer science undergraduate with a good understanding of java, c++ and c. i have good experience of developing websites. super passionate about anything that intrigue my curiosity. strong interpersonal and leadership skills with a go-getter attitude. ,
dear all, thank you for visiting my profile.  i hope you all well !!  i am #looking for a #remote #job. i am sr. web designer and wordpress deveoper , having #experience of 4+ years.  i can give a confident solution in various web technologies, primarily focuses on client satisfaction with the best solution they can have and build the long term relationship that can lead to mutual growth  i hold great hands below technologies  1. desiging in mvc framework like #codeigniter  2. worked on #theme #customization  3. #emailtemplate design  4. maintenance of websites.  5. #html and #html 5 + #css and #css3 + #bootstrap  6. #wordpress + #woocommerce  7. familiar with # linux, #windows os  8. familiar with #visual #studio #code, #sublime text editor  9. #ebaylisting template design  do share with your connections, 
a keen learner and like exploring new technologies.  i am a full-stack web developer and enthusiastic team player offering versatile project visualization and coding skills with proficiency in written, oral, and interpersonal communication. experienced individual with many years of creative, often outside-the-box, problem solving and organizational expertise, who readily adapts to change, works independently and forms strong collaborative ties. able to meet tight deadlines while juggling multiple priorities via agile methodology, all without compromising quality. 
highly motivated and dedicated software engineering professional with 5+ years of experience seeking full-time opportunity to utilize my skills in web development and cloud computing to expertise with a strong analytical ability for the progress of the organization. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in angular, php, web design, java and xampp. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology (b.tech.) focused in computer engineering from kj somaiya college of engineering, vidyavihar. 
i am a javascript developer with experience in react, angularjs, node/express, and mongo. i prioritize a smooth user experience above all else, and i understand how each part of the stack contributes to this goal. i am a developer looking for opportunities to help improve my community.   as a software engineer, my passion lies in creating new and challenging projects that can make a difference in the world.
experienced asp.net c# developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry.  windows, training, cascading style sheets (css). strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering (be) focused in computer science from aisect university. ,
i am very creative person. i am loyal to my work .i love sketching , designing , coding and decorate web pages. i have good knowledge of html, css, bootstrap, sql, javascript. even i have knowledge of c,c++, java language. about my projects , i have done my projects on php. i got first price on web development . about my summer training ,i have done one month summer training on web development and app development also. i am very hard-working and punctual person. because i know very well that time is gone so never come. time is very important. 
software engineer with 3 years of development experience in php,ajax,jquery, code igniter, my sql, wordpress . strive for excellence, to work in an environment that will enhance my knowledge and career, where i can perform any programming skill according to my strong calibre and efficiency. always keen on understanding and solving problems. adaptable to changing technology stacks. ,
web developer with background in biotech industry. experienced with creating mobile web applicaions using vuejs, javascript, node.js postgresql. ,
full-stack developer and software engineering instructor at flatiron school. as a software engineering instructor i continue to hone my programming and troubleshooting skills by supporting students how to learn to think, and build, like software engineers. i've been building things my entire life from wood-working projects to websites and web applications. it's what i enjoy doing. i now build products to help businesses deliver information as a full stack developer.
experienced python developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in python, postgresql, sql, customer service, angular 2 and php. strong engineering professional with a master   s degree focused in computer engineering from glsict(mca). ,
java programmer || japanese speaker|| computer hardware and servicing. i am a software engineer, skilled in client requirement analysis, business solution delivery, technical implementation and documentation. i am passionate about programming and scripting.i am willing to expand the horizons in software development domain with extensive knowledge and hands-on expertise in application programming and web development with data visualization skills. 
ibl infotech , laravel web and backend developer  mid-level front end web developer skilled in htm5, css3, javascript, angularjs, reactjs, ux design. , espero_lux 
,experienced full stack developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in python, html5, css, php, javascript, sql. , anapimenteldev 
website developer with knowledge of php - codeigniter (ci), laravel, and angular.  passionate web developer with proven strength in using efficient programming and user experience strategies to optimize website and web application functionality for clients. skilled in html5/css3, javascript/jquery, sql, wordpress, magento 2, codeigniter and php.  professional graduated from university of pune. 
expert in developing responsive & interactive website & webapplications | expert in css3, html5, bootstrap, and javascript  ui | good knowledge of c# .net, sql, php, mysql, wordpress & digital marketing , bhakuni595522 ,
i am a php, magento and wordpress professional & experienced developer with 6 years experience in web development industry. i have developed a wide range of websites using wordpress, magento 1.x and magento 2.x, woocommerce, laravel and codeigniter.   my area of expertise  - wordpress  - magento 1.x & 2.x - woocommerce - codeigniter  - laravel   my area of services  - developing & maintenance of ecommerce websites using magento & woocommerce  - building & maintenance custom cms websites using wordpress. - developing & maintenance of cms websites using php and mysql.  - wordpress plugins & themes customization. - magento extension & themes customization. - site optimization  - web services - customization in codeigniter and laravel
software engineer, professionally experienced in javascript, reactjs, node.js, typescript, graphql, golang, ruby on rails, and many more related tools, libraries, and frameworks. comfortable working frontend, full-stack & in a polyglot fashion.   presently inclined     javascript/es6+,    reactjs, typescript,     node.js, go, graphql , screenlantern 
first and foremost, i am a very passionate programmer. ever since my very first code in c++ and python to manipulate the desired output, it has kept me motivated to find solutions to real-world problems using various softwares. it is a never-ending puzzle that constantly drives me to test and ignite my passion for problem-solving.  i truly believe in the power of programming to transform and improve the lives of people around the world.   from my startup at vessel to my internship at apple, veolia, and teamology, i have always been fascinated with the concept of solving problems through code and reaching solutions that impact the world.   at vessel, i have been working with html, css, and javascript to build a web application for my startup that would build an interactive environment for radiologists to use our software to detect tumors using machine learning. in addition to this, i create reports that describe our idea in detail along with hunting professionals like radiologists and data scientists to help enhance our idea.   i have been working on my backend servers using php, ajax in my current internship at teamology. along with the backend, i have been working on training machine learning algorithms that allow us to understand the human sentiment of elementary and middle school students. i have been proactively been working designing a chatbot using google dialogflow where the interactions between the children and the software would take place.  even when i am not working, i have  brainstorm on ideas that would allow me to enhance my programming skills. currently, i have been working on building a personal website that depicts me. i am a very passionate basketball player where that keeps me fit and busy apart from programming. both pursuits challenge so many aspects of my intellect  creativity, organization, leadership, team building, sequential processing. this keeps me entangled and contained with the never-ending thirst to create powerful things and share them with the community and world.  technical skills  programming languages  swift
front end software engineer focusing in react, react native, node.js and golang.  comprehensive experience in working in agile environments and across teams to achieve major business goals through a solid understanding of business principles and processes.  have show ability to work in remote environments for the last 2.5 years with numerous freelance projects, side projects, and helping to build out a subscription health service for people suffering from parkinson's.  additionally have shown ability to grow a business from the ground up, building out an app to connect skiers and snowboarders together.  not only did i develop the app on my own in react native and firebase, but i have connected with numerous suppliers to produce company swag and apparel at the lowest prices (flags, gaitors, tshirts, hats, and stickers).  i have used cold calling papers, sites, influencers, and making as many connections as possible to grow the user base to over 6,000 users with an average of 300 daily active users per day.  and around 100 messages sent every 30 minutes.  i have personally had the opportunity to connect with over 60 users who i previously didn't know via the app and have not only given and taken rides, but also have gone on several trips with users to jackson hole, winter park, whistler, kicking horse
seeking full time with 4+ years of experience as app developer.     good understanding of all phases of software development life cycle (sdlc).     experience and strong working knowledge in designing user interface (ui) application and professional web applications using html4.0/5, css2/css3, javascript, jquery, angular, ajax, json, bootstrap.     experience in responsive web designing for multiple screen sizes.     experience in web development skills such as web api and rest services.     experienced with waterfall and agile methodologies. ,
experienced employee with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), c (programming language), and mysql. ,
dedicated ux/ui frontend developer with 5+ years of experience in html/html5, css/css3, scss, less, jquery, javascript, reactjs, bootstrap 3,4 and wordpress theme development. , sabrinaazad 
there's no better feeling in the world than when you show a project to a client and they smile. that feeling when they don't know what to say but you can see it in their eyes that this is what they wanted. that's what i live for. , designtrace 
has good knowledge and hands on experience in core java, angularjs, html5, css, bootstrap and javascript.      hands on experience of apache tomcat server.      hands on experience of jira, which is a project status tracking software.      experienced with boomi tool.      experience in agile scrum methodology and software development life cycle(sdlc) throughout the project.      experienced in version control using git hub.      coordinating with team members for system design, integration and application maintenance.      proficient in developing web applications using core java and angular js      quality command over  mysql. 
i am a student of computer science engineering(b-tech) and also self employed in web development and software development.  i'm a passionate polyglot developer mainly focused on web technologies.  i build web applications from the ground up with the latest technologies. i have experience in various fields and technologies including good low level knowledge as well.  i currently work completely remotely.
experienced full stack developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in backend (laravel, cakephp, codeigniter, node.js, graphql) and frontend (angular & react) development. strong engineering professional with a bachelors in technology in computer science. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the web development field. skilled in php, bootstrap, jquery, prestashop, wordpress and responsive web design, css, html, sql, git. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology focused in computer science and engineering. 
experienced web developer and designer with one year and continuing experience in designing and development at infolks private limited. has been working in laravel based projects with vue js and react.  has average experience in working with python and opencv based image processing projects. improving my experience in multi-media development and processing softwares such as adobe photoshop, illustrator, aftereffects etc. has good experience in office softwares and operating systems including linux and windows. also has a recent experience in working with seo optimisation 
experienced chief technology officer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in sql, jquery, social media, cascading style sheets (css), and html. strong information technology professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer science from university of florida. , alfredocoln3 
keyskill  html, css3, psd design, psd to html, pixel perfect html, banner design, bootstrap, sass, responsive design, javascript, jquery, wordpress, strong hand in avada theme, divi theme, elementor theme, thrive builder, invision app
i am always ready to accept challenges and ready to learn new things.i am hard working and loyal.. i think ,complete the task when it is given before its too late..... ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in adobe photoshop, javascript, react.js, react native, and bootstrap. strong professional with a master of computer applications - mca focused in web development from cambridge institute of technology. 
webtrack has an expertise in web designing, web development, search engine optimization, social media marketing.  we provide online web solutions that accomplish business goals of our clients effectively.
a motivated computer engineer seeking to fill the position of a software developer, where i can learn and develop scalable projects to make this society a better place. ,
ull stack web & mobile developer i am a self driven ai and deep learning enthusiast. my field of interest  includes web development and designing. highly motivated and hard working individual, i take on every opportunity which comes my way. ,
experienced in the full stack web application development with python,django,react js,html,css,javascript,jquery,aws,ec2,rds , a computer science graduate, currently employed as a senior web developer.  i have a particular interest in server management. i learned operations working with linux  centos and ubuntu servers and deploying to the aws cloud. i currently work with windows server provisioning legacy applications, and additionally perform the role of it security officer.
i'm a front-end ui/ux with 10+ years experience. i enjoy new challenges in transforming inspiring visual designs into great web & mobile web apps using all of the latest technologies like html5, css3, adobe campaign, react js, angular js, bootstrap, jquery mobile, and much more.  i have been developing web/mobile web applications for the past several years, some of them were for apple mqm, exxonmobil, rbc, lpl financial (onsite - san diego (us)), ge health care, owens corning, calgary scientific(onsite - calgary (canada)), and met life.  my specialty is ui development with a focus on web performance optimization, great ux, backward browser compatibility and single page applications. i'm highly detail & performance oriented and my favorite part of web development is javascript programming which can transform a static web page into a piece of art. i do respect my job and try always to maintain a good relation with my clients.   experienced in back end technologies like php
tactful define me. deal with problem very politely  ,passionate website developer with a satisfied client base, working as a freelancer. reliable and trustworthy, with the zeal to deliver the best work upfront. also pursuing b.com honours from christ university, bangalore with good curricular and co-curricular performance.  highly skilled in video editing like adobe premiere pro, web designing in wordpress, digital marketing tools like google adsense and facebooks ads, social media marketing, search engine marketing like google adwords, analysis of business in google analytics, content marketing and search engine optimization ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of developing full-stack web applications.  web development stack  html , css ,javascript ,bootstrap . nodejs , expressjs mongodb , mysql  adobe xd  language stack  skilled in c++, javascript, and python , avijeetpandey25 
inde , over 3+ years experience in information technology including 3+ years experience in web based application development, design and testing using technologies php, javascript, mysql, html, css, xml, ajax, wordpress, codeigniter , rajuy0829 ,
any fool can write code that a computer can understand. good programmers like me write code that humans can understand           experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in core java, php, web development, mysql, and codeigniter. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology - b.tech focused in information technology from bundelkhand institute of engineering and technology, jhansi. ,
professional skills  language  php, html framework   codeigniter, laravel cms  wordpress database  mysql operating systems  linux (ubuntu), window (xp/7/8/10) other  jquery, css, js, ajax, json, wp rest api apis  facebook, google, paypal, ccavenue, sms gateway 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in  wordpress and shopify. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology (b.tech.) focused in computer engineering from seth jai parkash mukand lal inst. of engineering & technology. ,
experienced senior php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in sql, soap, php, wordpress, and jquery. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer technology/computer systems technology from scd govt college ludhiana. 
well, experience in developing websites, using html, css, js. also have some good experience using web-applications like wordpress, opencart, osclass, magento, 
i am highly motivated towards learning and exploring new technology. passionate towards developing amazing user-friendly responsive web applications.   i possess a special interest in networking. i possess hands-on experience in working with aws and wordpress. 
4 years experienced php web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in html, css, javascript, jquery, bootstrap, php with ci and laravel freamwork. strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in msc(it & ca) from geetanjali college of commerce & computer science-rajkot. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in cascading style sheets (css), php, wordpress, ci, html, and xml. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in cse from west bengal university of technology. ,
experienced certification specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in microsoft word, c++, java, networking, and html. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of technology (b tech) focused in cse from srm university. 
experienced it professional specialised in web development, angular development, app development, web designing. apart from this, i am passionate for fashion designing. 
i am very interested in applying for software engineer-data analyst position. i have completed post graduate diploma in big data analytics from cdac after completing graduation. having hands-on experience in sql (oracle db)and tableau, python, java, hadoop.  please take a moment to review my attached application documents.  it would be a sincere pleasure to hear back from you soon to discuss this exciting opportunity.  sincerely  shivam pathak contact no.8077446267 
once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results. experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in javaserver pages (jsp), microsoft excel, oracle database, php, and web pages. strong engineering professional with a master of computer application focused in mca from dr. babasaheb ambedkar marathwada university. 
focused in increasing the graph of my technicality career while serving the goal of the organization in parallel.experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php,wordpress,google adword, seo yoast, html and css. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused in computer science from abdul kalam technical university.
proactive professional with over 2 years of experience, skilled in creating robust solutions by developing clean, modular, reusable and scalable code. with a keen eye for detail, i thrive on maintaining design and brand consistency . with the ability to amicably handle demanding stakeholders, i'm comfortable coordinating planning and ongoing development of multiple projects at a time. ,
i have more than 3 year of experience as web developer. i intend to enhance my skills and strengths under your true professional, mature and specialized environment of web development. my learning skills, the attitude of taking things as a challenge and devotion with programming, make me feel that it is the right place for me to enhance my professional knowledge. as you can see from my linked-in profile, i have completed my graduation from the comsats. also, i believe that the knowledge and skills built up during this time make me the perfect one to serve this organization. moreover, i am technology independent so i able to work on every technology.   i have developed efficiently many projects mentioned on my linked-in profile . besides these, i want to mention i have very well experience with php, codeigniter, laravel, coldfusion. moreover, i have also worked on well-known apis i.e. facebook, twitter, map. as a front-end developer, i have good knowledge about bootstrap, css etc. 
i'm a front-end web developer with 2 years demonstrated the history of working in the it industry. skilled in  html, css, adobe photoshop, php, strong professional web developer.
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in sql, bootstrap,javascript,jquery, cascading style sheets (css), php, laravel,and wordpress. strong engineering professional graduated from virtual university. 
i am a graduate of fast, completed my bachelors in computer science in 2017. presently, working as senior software engineer at rolustech, lahore. i also worked as an external lab instructor and teaching assistant for operating systems at fast, lahore. 
i am a computer professional and doing multiple of jobs like data entry, web development, network developer, and some time like a computer technician (hardware / software) and wanted to do more work inside or outside the country and explore or enhance my qualification skills to be a part of an reputed organization ,
software engineer interested in software architecture, design patterns and web development. i have always been more enthusiastic when it comes to back-end development. however, i also like exploring modern front-end frameworks.
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry.  proficient in both frontend and backend.  i also have experience in developing netsuite customizations, implementing suite lets, user event scripts, client scripts, and scheduled scripts.  skilled in php, laravel framework, javascript, jquery, vue.js, html5, css3, bootstrap3/4, json, ajax and netsuite.  also, have working experience with versioning system i.e. gitlab. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in microsoft excel, customer service, microsoft word, microsoft office, and research. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer science from arid agriculture university. 
experienced wordpress developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. , rudemanhere institute of business management , webmaster 
i m a web developer. i learned many web languages as well as programming languages like html, css, php, c++, c, java. i used wordpress to make websites. 
the key to doing the best work is to love what you do, if you don't love and respect your profession, why would you expect it from others   over 4 years of experience, i am the freelancer, web developer, and e-commerce marketer  i have been building websites for small and medium-sized businesses, whether the purpose is to increase sales, promote a business or a specific product, or even a complete online store.  my skills include wordpress, shopify, woo commerce, php, html5, css3, javascript, photoshop, writing product descriptions, seo, web consultant
in summary i would say that i'm a geek.from childhood i had passion/interest in science and after 17 years age i turned my passion in profession and learnt html , css and javasscript and started working as a blogger.after that i started learning php and got a job at web solution application.but this is not over.in future i want to be a computer engineering and i will stand before any ups and downs in order to achieve my goal. , web solution application 
almost 4 years experiance in web developing industry , protech it zone 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in product research, product design , adobe photoshop , designer , developer , php , wordpress , magento , shopify ,bootstrap , android application , 3d max studio , after affects. passion is designing every thing for eg   mobile application , flyers , email templates , brouchers , web desining 
experienced partner with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in web design, desktop application development, java, web development, and microsoft office. strong entrepreneurship professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in computer software engineering from aptech. , youngitbee ,
diploma certificate it i learn just 3 years in university web development      hard & team working.     social. 
i am a bartender, web developer, social media marketer and translator who lives in sweden. my interests range from diverse social activities, traveling, reading, writing, people with intuitive personalities and good social skills. knowledge is my only religion. , goodle_se ,
to associate with an organization that demands and rewards hard work and excellence, while providing long-term opportunities for advancement and personal growth under congenial and satisfactory working atmosphere and to secure a challenging position utilizing personal skills, technical abilities and practical experience with utmost sincerity. more than one-year experience in web development. , itechavengers , 
messing around with front end & web development for last 4 years. still can't decide which technology is the favorite one. last big love - javascript. currently attracted to angularjs. big fan of user centerded design. main goal - keep things simple! 
to contribute towards the growth and development of dynamic organization opportunities to grow both personally and where i can utilize my skill effectively and efficiently. , sharknet telecom 
experienced freelance web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in operations management, php, wordpress, java, and management. strong engineering professional with a diploma focused in artificial intelligence from piaic. , basitwaseem2 ,
i love to do freelancing, designing, development, wordpress, html, css and many more. i love to face challenges to meet the clients requirements and do something waoo! 
i done my msc in computer science from qau recently and now  trying to find job .where i will shows  up my expertise  and learn new things which i  don't know. my final year project  was minimath-an android game for kids.this project was made  by using  unity 3d and c#. i want to obtain a position requiring innovative, challenging employment that can utilize my education and  and offer advancement opportunity. i like  reading books and  like to learn new platforms related to my field. 
an enthusiastic self-starter with strong programming and development skills. proven academic and curricular achievements, and possess the right soft skills required to propel the organization achieving its goals and objectives.  professional background  programming is not only my passion but it is also the activity that i like to do in my free time. currently, i am working as web developer at superior solutions and have more than 2 year of professional experience in web development. during my professional career, i have developed many web applications. here are the links of my applications that are currently uploaded to the internet store.    professional skills      web application development      integration of different api   s     social networking features integration (facebook ,linkedin,google plus and twitter apis)      codeignitor framework     corephp     html5     google maps api     restful webservices     jquery     javascript     css3     database designing using mysql     localization / multilingual support ,
experienced co-founder with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in unity3d, wordpress, web design, cascading style sheets (css), and game development. strong business development professional with a diploma focused in information technology from government institute of information technology rawalpindi. 
i'm a certified web designer & developer. i've worked on php mvc framework. a quite good experience in graphic designing. i.e adobe photoshop | adobe premiere pro. now i'm working on software development. , self-employed 
i'm eager to learn something new. i have 1 year experience in front-end web development at codexnow and i'm passionate about learning new technologies. i have worked on html5, bootstrap 4, css, sass, javascript(basic), jquery(normal) and adding javascript frameworks in the project. ,
i am a computer science student, frequent reader and a technology enthusiast. my favorite pastime activity is learning about new web technologies which can help me in my freelance work. web development is something i really love to do. i particularly work on the front-end as i love working with javascript and its frameworks. i also watch sport (soccer, to be precise) and play video games. 
energetic under graduate student of computer networks at iqra university islamabad campus.my aim to earn respect and position in information technology industry  my area of interest in web development, web designing and search engine optimization. 
i am a software engineer with 1 year of experience ,   home 
i am an experienced web developer with excellent programming and database skills. i have experience in developing web applications and web sites within a commercial and government environment. my key skills are c++, oop, php , mvc ms sql, javascript,css,css3 and  bootstrap. ,
experienced wordpress developer with a demonstrated history of working in the development industry. skilled in wordpress development. 
web developer api design, cms, and functional frontend. background in animation, 3d graphics, and video production. , 
looking forward to work in a firm with a professional work driven environment where i could utilize my knowledge and could improve my skills in the best possible manner. , rightway system 
web developer having expertise in custom php, cms like wordpress, mvc architecture / php frameworks like codeigniter. i am expert in making web applications with complex dynamic structures. ,
i'm student of computer science at university of wah. i'm android developer.i work for some mobile application projects at my internship. i keep myself calm and focus on multitasking while being patient. i'm quick learner and great team player. if you will hire me it will be great platform to showcase my skills.whatever goals i set, i ensure to complete them within stipulated time. , hadi quran acdemy 
software engineering with 4 year working experience. - good knowledge of software development process. - performing testing, labs & documentation. - ability to test software for resolving problems. - functional, reliability and performance in sw quality. - javascript, multimedia & ms office work. - sound knowledge of gui application and ms office, with good understanding of c++, java and html,css. - good knowledge about mis. - created user documentation manual and training, umls and dataflow charts. - ability to work under stressful environment. - punctual, hard-working, with quick grasping aptitude 
computer scientist with diverse work experience, including programming, software development, and consulting. extensive knowledge of software development cycle as well as proficiency in several programming languages. dedicated to meeting customer requirements with innovative solutions that maximize efficiency and exceed capability targets. comfortable discussing technical issues and solutions with scientists and analysts as well as clients. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in html, css, javascript, jquery, php, wordpress,. 
a sound scholastic record, capacity to comprehend and test programming, working information on app development and a good understanding of web development technologies. i look to function as a full stack developer to advance my insight in this area and use my skills. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in e-commerce, php, wordpress, shopify, and responsive web design. strong engineering professional with a diploma focused in information technology from aptech computer education.
i'm a web developer that has developed applications on multiple platforms including desktop and web-based platforms. i believe i've just started on the path of making good applications and i work hard in order to increase my skills and knowledge.  so far, i've worked on the following platform and technologies      - html/css     - php     - wordpress     - codeigniter     - yii     - javascript/jquery 
hello, i have done b. e in software engineering. i'm currently working as a freelancer on fiver and upwork.i'm expert in wordpress, database, java, javascript, reactjs, html, css, bootstrap, php. , faheem62185768 
experienced chief executive officer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in mobile applications, management, html, adobe photoshop, and business development. strong business development professional with a bachelor's degree focused in digital communication and media from blekinge tekniska h  gskola. ,
i have studied bs computer science from karachi university and just trying to be better than good enough, a graphics designer with a passion for creativity, a person with creative and innovative ideas who can work well independently, but love to work in a team and have good communication skills, a boy who likes to play cricket and loves to surf on internet.  i have technical expertise in web application development using wordpress. my working experience involves analyze, design, develop and maintain wordpress websites for local and international market. i mostly work alone on wordpress projects as a freelancer but it obviously depends upon the strength of the project.  although i have much working experience in graphics designing, i also have hands-on experience with c# and have developed most of my academic projects using c#  besides, i have also worked with opengl using c++ to implement computer graphics. i also have good academic experience with writing operation research reports and srs (software requirement specification) documents.     specialties  adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, wordpress, html5, css3, jquery.  seeking a true contributor to convert your ideas into creative and attractive visuals  a web developer. apparently a student of fast nuces for bachelor's degree in computer science. i use to work in vacations. i love my work. i do one thing at a time, either work or a study.  i love to watch football. usually i do play it. in my free time i use to read books and sometime watch movies.  i like to explore new things. exploring new things and having extra knowledge about anything is what excites me.  development  c++, python. front-end development   wordpress, bootsrap, user interface, javascript, html5/css3. expert in microsoft word, microsoft excel, microsoft powerpoint, microsoft visual c++ 2010 express, microsoft visual studio, windows 7, windows 8 and windows 10. i have been using microsoft windows and windows applications since i was 7 years old. i use them in my daily life routine and its quite user friendly. if you have any problem regarding windows and microsoft applications mentioned above, so you may contact me. i always like to share information and interact with new people, if you feel i can help you in anything, so i am always ready. i am always glad to have new friends. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the automotive industry. skilled in cascading style sheets (css), php, html, javascript, and mysql. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer science from dadabhoy institute of higher education. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in object-oriented programming (oop), bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), php, and wordpress. strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in computer science from virtual university of pakistan. 
hi! i'm adnan hyder student of  computer science and co-founder of tech nerds (i t solution company), i've two year of experience in web development(php core/ laravel , wordpress ) and 1 year experience in app development (hybrid , android).. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, c++, jquery, cascading style sheets (css), and java. strong engineering professional with a bscs focused in cs from kohat university of science & technology. 
i love making web apps with wordpress and angular7  my skillset   * confident using different operating systems (windows, linux, mac os) * my sql database * web development (html, css, js, angular, asp.net core, mysql, wordpress) * programming languages (c/c++ oop) 
experienced editor with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in microsoft word, adobe illustrator, editing, blogging, and social media. strong media and communication professional with a bachelor of computer science (bcs) focused on computer programming, from the university of haripur. ,
i am an enthusiastic, committed and dedicated young professional, who enjoys being a part of, as well leading, a successful and productive team. i am quick to grasp new ideas and concepts, and to develop innovative and creative solutions to problems. i can demonstrate the high levels of motivation required to meet the tightest of deadlines. even under significant pressure. i possess a strong ability to perform effectively. , zooni7054 
i am always looking to learn more and am open to taking on challenging projects , hassan1khalid.
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in php, wordpress, content management systems (cms), and web design. strong engineering professional graduated. 
web developer proficient in wide variety of business applications and promotional informational websites. experience in the software design and development process. specifically interested in development using php, mysql, html5, css3 and also using cms drupal and magento.  in my current role, i am working as a senior web developer in reset arabia saudia arabia.     planning, design and implementation of complete web sites (from informational, promotional and content management in drupal).     design with standards compliant code with emphasis on browser compatibility, accessibility, and search engine optimization     responsive theme with html5 and css3 using bootstrap 3 twitter framework and jquery mobile 4 framework  hands on expertise in      drupal 7 and 8     yii2 framework, laravel     enterprise application frameworks such as  spring, spring mvc     spring mvc based rest api     spring boot      top orm such as jpa and hibernate     jquery, javascript, angularjs          bootstrap, zurb foundation, material design     oracle and mysql databases     tomcat , arsibux ,
an innovative, and competent php developer with extensive experience in the layout, design and coding of websites specifically in php format. possessing considerable knowledge of the development of web applications and scripts using php programming language and mysql & sql server databases. experienced in developing applications and solutions for a wide range of corporate, charity and public sector clients and having the enthusiasm and ambition to complete projects to the highest standard.
computer engineer and experienced web and mobile applications developer. skills  networking  ccna. software development skills  web ware  php - symfony- mysql     html    css     javascript     jquery     html5    css3     facebook api     google web toolkit (gwt)- google application engine - vbulletin     mediawiki. mobile apps  android development. desktop apps  java     c++ -c#(wpf - wcf ). game development  unity 3d.  computer vision  opencv     matlab. hardware  microcontrollers  avr    pic     arduino pcb  eagle. engineering  matlab     labview.
developing frontend pwa sollutions with html/css/javascript, vue, es6, sass, stylus, graphql.  previously  telecommunications premium services, vxml, network metrics, php web and scripting, api for voice control, linux servers installation and maintenance, voip digium certified asterisk professional(dcap). ,
creative and dependable wordpress developer with 4+ years experience in building rich and interactive websites. comprehensive understanding of wordpress core software and its functions. hands on experience in creating, extending and customizing wordpress themes and plugins. delivers well-made projects on time. , vigorous technologies 
former customer service representative at jtelemarketing, team leader at a4telecommication, web designer & developer and logo animation 
having good computer and human interaction skills, adaptable computer science major currently attending fast national university of computer and emerging sciences, with 2 months of work experience. aiming to leverage a proven knowledge of end-user support, multiuser interface, and web design skills to successfully fill the software developer role at your company. frequently praised as focused by my peers, i can be relied upon to help your company achieve its goals.  specialties  - public speaking  - fast learning  - android  - javascript  interests  - theology - islamic sciences like history and law. - badminton - visual effects - comedy - computer's incorporation in daily life  hobbies  - book reading (i.e. islamic literature, urdu literature, history), - football (casual, not regular) - exercise - current affairs 
web developer, apps developer, seo expert experience of 15+ years. also 5 stars freelancer  experienced developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in .net, c#, episerver cms and episerver commerce. 
i probably know php best but typescript is the language i like most. i use it for all my personal projects together with nuxt.js, tailwind (or vuetify) and firebase (hosting, persistent storage, authentication). but i also use php together with lumen (laravel) for some of my personal projects. 
specialties  php5, .net, (c)asp.  iis, mysql (administration and development).  xslt, xml, javascript, css, html(5).  web development is the thing that i am to do all day long during more then 3 years. nothing attracts so much as an opportunity to create something, what will use millions of different people. at any time you can add or modify your creation, order to meet all the requirements of the growing internet.  opportunity to constantly evolve, is the main thing in this work. ,
i am motivated to do some advancements in it industry and to become successful entrepreneur. i have skills to manage the team. i mostly worked as team lead in projects in university. i am capable to meet the deadlines and to solve complex in a very less time.  i am always dedicated with my work and to accept challenges. , tech nerds 
its good for me to learn and improve the skill of profession. i am working there minimum 2 year and 7 months of professional experience it's really for me to have a chance to achieve my goal. in future i also work hard to improve and more better my skill. , viral webbs , web developer 
experienced dotnet developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. strong business development professional skilled in dot net core , dot net mvc, html, c#, and object-oriented programming (oop).  since last 4 years i have been supporting multi million dollars enterprise applications, websites, web applications & dot net mvc projects.  currently i am working as a asp.net mvc, asp.net core developer on an enterprise application, web applications, web api's, web services.  the tasks i am responsible for  - maintaining and updating application features - web development & designing based .net framework, asp.net mvc, asp.net core, asp.net web forms c# applications linked to sql server database - development of  system to automate customer   s queries  - developing new and enhancements to existing enterprise applications & web applications - developed api   s, web services for enterprise application to request ssl certificates - developing user interface for websites/web applications with initial layout and base controls using bootstrap, html, css, javascript.  - designing and developing both front end and back end of websites - troubleshot and resolve bugs in .net mvc, .net core application - .net framework
awesome designz provides you with unique and creative website design solutions at extremely reasonable prices. our vision is to create a distinct identity for your business and to give you a competitive advantage. we create designs to suit your business goals and to compel visitors to revisit your website. a good interactive website design will ensure that you have a steady online market value from your customers.  we offer complete solution for your website designing, print and media requirements and aspire to provide you best service in the industry. our services include logo design, business card design, banner design, photo editing, brochure design, web template, psd to html/css/jquery, wordpress etc. 
capital brand technologies (pvt.) limited , web developer  i would like to create responsive web apps  using react and will design websites using wordpress and shopify stores, portfolio, educational and business purpose fully functional websites   my skills  web development(html, css, js mysql, wordpress, jquery, shopify, react js) other languages (c/c++) , mughalaley ,
experienced laboratory manager with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in microsoft excel, customer service, training, leadership, and project management. strong research professional with a b.com focused in commerce from govt muncipal degree college. , aamir3cs143 ,
future memories , web developer  i'm a professional and creative graphic designer having more experience i am responsible for your work creating layout and designs for publications, company logos and websites. i'm working on both print media designing and digital designing like logo,newsletter, poster,mokeups, flyers, brochures, catalogue,magzine, social marketing,billboard, book covers,banners etc.my main goals and objectives as a graphic designer to design your project based on your individual needs . and solve problems through the use of typography, photography and illustration upto desired appearance.if you work with me i promise i will do my best to satisfy you. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in project management, problem solving. strong engineering professional graduated from aptech computer education. , web developers academy 
i am a student at the university of karachi, currently pursuing a degree in bscs. i am a computer/i.t. enthusiast, who love to explore the various areas of computing technologies and it's applications in daily life. a computer geek and technology savvy. 
experienced freelance web and wordpress developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in html, cascading style sheets (css), javascript, jquery, and php. 
a voip and web developer (front and back end ) with experience in linux. i am proficient in numerous programming languages including php, javascript, mysql, and jquery. i also have experience in asterisk integration with web applications. ,
extensive experiences in web development and designing.  my skills  php/mysql, codeigniter, laravel, jquery, ajax, hubspot, wordpress, joomla, apis, reactjs, etc 
my name is muhammad noman. i am software engineer with 2+ years of experience. , alchemative , web developer  ,equipped with the knowledge of latest tools and techniques that will enable me to handle emerging technologies and prove myself as a valuable resource for the company. , global tech solution , web developer 
i always enjoyed being a part of teams who bring me learning and some good friends. for about 5 years i was working around web technologies and trying to develop something useful for the end users with help and support of my team. for now i am a big fan of reactjs and frontend development.  frontend development   html5, css3, javascript es6, reactjs, redux, nodejs, materialui, bootstrap, storybook, jest ,
experienced web developer. quality experience in php laravel.  expert in front-end development in html, css & bootstrap.  fine knowledge of ajax. , glowingsoft techologies 
i'm a javascript addict!*  i'm a javascript developer who enjoy learning new technologies. i'm currently grinding swift      highlights   javascript (es6+), react.js, react native, redux, html5, css, php  when i'm free, i love to apply the knowledge i've gained and practice programming real applications.
i am an expert laravel developer, shopify app developer and did some work on nodejs, vue.js, react.js magento2. and besides i think it doesn't matter how many programming languages you know. if you just good at quick learning that would be enough. ,
to be the best frontend and backend web developer in the world. , amuse  experienced co-founder with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in microsoft excel, customer service, logo design, microsoft word, and sales. strong entrepreneurship professional with a b.s in computer science focused in computer science from university of south asia. , cpt_lagger 
i have been working on a range of tasks pertaining to different areas of software applications development. i always strive for the best and ready to exploit my domain.  i have worked with different stack of languages which includes html, css, html5, bootstrap, javascript, node.js, laravel, jquery, wordpress, php, ror (ruby on rails), mysql, oracle, angularjs, mongodb and many other.  i have a keen eye for details. i won't miss a single chance to prove that yes, i am an expert and i love to give new shape to the existing websites or transform a single document into a running excellent product!  if that's what you are looking for, then i'm the one! 
experienced developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. strong engineering professional skilled in sharepoint, javascript, typescript, css, html, c#.net, ui and ux. ,
i'm a passionate developer, working when i was very young, it's almost 3 years that i have been developing web, desktop. i have many happy customers throughout the globe.  primary services are   - website design and development - software applications the platforms that i have experience with   front end development   - html5 - css3 - jquery - javascript - twitter bootstrap - foundation css  web development   - php7 - codeigniter software development   - microsoft dotnet(vb.net , c# , c++) - java(netbeans, awt) i have plenty of projects in my portfolio, i always work hard to come up with the perfect outcome. hire me and see the magic. ,
specialties  webdeveloping, php, javascript, css, html, react , funparko , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in web design, web applications, data analysis, database development, and web development. strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in computer science from university of balochistan. 
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the e-learning and  gambling & casinos industry. skilled in javascript, react, css,  angular, ruby on rails and linux. 
i am a professional ux designer and developer for web and mobile application. having ability to understand and prioritize work in challenging environment. i am very passionate about designing and developing interfaces while taking into consideration the latest ux trends and techniques. , mubasharpanchi email cubes , owner 
programming is a fun doing job. , rltsquare , web developer  ,web application developer , centricsource , sr. web developer 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the episerver cms. skilled in agila methodology, git, visual studio, sql databases, management, and react. strong professional graduated from medieinstitutet utbildning. programming languages javascript. i studied human rights and my dream to work to develop organizations and activities, rights-based who take care of women and children. a young, active, and optimistic woman, who can carry work stress and likes to work with people no matter what they have for the elderly. my goal is to work in an organization where i have varying tasks and in the long term i can get to work more strategically and preferably with personnel responsibility.     diploma from byamor project  a program (organized by b  stad municipality) to integrate new arrivals.     work with a charitable organization in egypt for one year.     i have offered a free course for arab children to teach their mother tongues in the library of f  rsl  v. ,
the most fulfilling work i know is to work with a good team to solve important problems. my interest and skill in problem solving led me to study computer science at kth, which i'm enjoying so far. i love co-operating with other people. but most importantly, my work should always contribute to solving an actual problem in the world. ,
i am an enthusiastic, self-motivated and hardworking man who is keen to find a position in a it sector where i can work on own initiative or as part of a team and can deal with technical issues competently where my creative initiative, ideas and a genuine enthusiasm would allow me to progress. my main strengths are adaptability, dependability and the determination to get a job done.
i   ve always sought out opportunities and challenges that are meaningful to me.  web developer with 2+ yeras of experience, who has a track record of success creating websites, that are both well-received and commercially viable. skilled with working as a team and incorporating input into projects. ability to always look for ways to improve upon an already existing website to keep people using it and enjoying it. strong eye for detail and tenacity to never quit on something until it is absolutely perfect.  as a web developer, i enjoy using my obsessive attention to detail, my unequivocal love for making things, and my mission-driven work ethic to literally change the world. that   s why i   m excited to make a big impact at a high growth company. ,
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php,javascript, jquery and front-end development.  strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in computer science from superior university, lahore. ,
experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes - oscar wilde ,to work in a competitive environment that effectively utilizes my analytical, interpersonal, leadership and organizational skills to conceive and achieve solutions.   the solutions which help the organization in not only meeting its targets, but also allowing it to grow, thereby, enhancing my own skills as an individual and as a key player in the organization's development. ,
i being a dynamic aggravated and action oriented man  present myself with all my devotion, dedication and commitment for the best of you well     substantiated organization in the sublime of my field. i cordially you, if given a chance, would capitalize my abilities. with the experience of  , php , python and my-sql with the beauty of wordpress and django also a little bit spice of numpy and pandas. 
webbutvecklare med extra fokus p   react, vue och javascript generellt. html, css, browser compatibility och accessibility. kan   ven hantera en hel massa back-ends s  som php, java, .net och node s  klart. har erfarenhet av ux-arbete s  v  l som en hel massa designintresse.  
i like to keep on learning everyday and get updated with the latest technologies and techniques being used in the market. currently i am practicing as a front-end web developer for the last 4 years and have worked in a u.k based i.t company i.t sec. i can make sites using react js i have several private projects that i have made on react js on github and in the company, i am currently working in i develop responsive and dynamic wordpress themes from scratch in 1-3 days and if company requires i can also make the whole dynamic website theme using plug-ins like breeze, elementor, pagebuilder, etc in and i can also work with woo commerce plug-in. i can convert html into wordpress and also can manage existing sites and can fix their bugs. 
to work in an organization where i can utilize my education and help achieve organizational goal equally contributing towards my sustainable carrier growth. , tech artisans 
i believe in devotion to work hard and testing my professional knowledge in creating opportunities in any competitive environment.  seeking a challenging position in a professional organization, where my skills and my education background can add value to the growth of the organization and allow development of my skills to organization potential in the field.   achievements   got gold medal on student of faculty award    got merit based scholarship in bs(cs)  got medal on 2nd position in hssc at paec model college for boys  skills    front-end and back-end web developer   asp.net developer  45 words per minute typing    proficiency in html,css, c++ and java script   proficient in c# and all kind of databases   professional level microsoft office    experience of testing web, pc and mobile based software 
talented programmer, highly motivated and creative, with the ability to pick up and master new technologies quickly, and work under extremely limited deadlines. knowledgeable about a wide arrangement of topics related to video games, user experience and programming, dedicated to self improvement and delivering efficient, high quality code bases that are both easily maintainable and expandable. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology & services industry. skilled in php, laravel, wordpress, mvc framework, java, and sql server management studio. strong engineering professional with a bachleors focused in software engineering from comsats institute of information and technology. ,
started programming for the web in 2008. in the beginning i did much work with xhtml and started designing uis in photoshop. those designs looked terrible, but over the time i've gotten far better at designing and developing for the web.  at the same time i started programming i also started to learn how to play the piano. these skills thus developed simultaneously which i think has been very helpful, for both skills.  in 2010 i got into playing minecraft, which led me to even more programming in form of making plugins -  written in java - for the game. some of these i still maintain, since they have quite a lot of users. this game modification helped me grow my programming skills and interests even further. my strongest programming interests were at the time, and also remained to be, web programming though.  nowadays i'm fluent in html(5), css(3) and javascript (es6+) and strive to stay up to date with my coding skills to able to create the best products i can. thus having recently learnt more about load time performance, pwas, web components etc.  i run a small company called vufuzi with which i take on web development work, do consulting and publish apps with. , enjikaka 
web developer,i have worked from home as freelancer and i have made a project on unity for final year project for my senior mates. i have command on unity 2d as well as unity 3d i have started making games from scratch like on java eclipse and windows form c# then i started making games and simulation on unity. i also have worked .net mvc 4 and currently building on ecommerce site on node.js i also have a hands on java and c++(made a basic game engine on it). 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in. javascript, typescript, nodejs, devops (aws - microsoft tfs) 
i am learning  web development and c++ programing.. i also work on a web project. i started it about one year ago today. now i feel i am  good to do work on any web project... , self employed , web developer 
software developer with experience implementing web applications with react, vue, node.js, in particular and previously in asp, asp.net mvc and java including additional 5+ years manual and automated web & windows application testing.  although i started my career as a software tester, to reduce manual testing i started coding, especially debugging failed test cases triggered my interest in software development. however, while remotely working from japan writing batch files to automate manual tasks or simple click functionality capturing tool didn   t give me specialised knowledge needed for a development role. hence i took up an extensive programming course msc in  internet technologies and enterprise computing  which focused on application development in java. this resulted my first development role as system developer in r&d industrial placement in england. after that i moved to sweden and started working as a system developer at diaverum. at my current role my major work is with client side development in javascript and various javascript libraries, asp.net mvc and server side with c# and vb script.   during my msc i came up with an e-business site for farmers to directly deliver their products to the city users. that application got highest appreciation. the site was developed using php, mysql, html5, bootstrap.  i also had an opportunity to implement an api for travel booking system with three modules of air, hotel and tax services were implemented. this introduced me to web based enterprise application. 
i'm an interaction designer with a huge interest in frontend developing. my experience within the customer service sector has given me great skills in communication, which i see as a big advantage when trying to find out the needs of both clients and users.   i have a curious and problem solving mind that makes me want to continue developing myself and keep up with new technologies. this, together with my social skills, makes me a great team member and frontend developer with an eye for user friendly design. 
i   m a talent web developer with an interest in building quality websites and applications with front end (html, css, javascript)  back-end using (php cms framework) and wordpress over 2 year of well-rounded experience.  also i do have some application in ml and nlp and data science and some expertise in making web scrapper. 
full stack developer currently working with angular / .net core / sql server. , algorithmica research 
hi,  i am umar hameed having experience of about 3 years in web development and 2 years in android app development. i work 10 hours monday to saturday.
i am driven front-end developer that is happy to be starting his career in gothenburg, sweden.   thought i am interested in all aspects of front-end, i have mainly focused on building web based solution for our client using popular javascript frameworks such as react and redux.   in my free time i am exploring new javascript frameworks and building my own projects.
i am an ambitious, motivated and hard working software engineer. i have done my bachelor's degree in computer software engineering from uet peshawar and my major skills are in web. i have done 2 months internship at innovision technology, peshawar after sixth semester's vacations. from there my professional web designing and development career started and now i am an experienced web developer (php codeigniter) having 1.5 years of experience. i have done a lot of projects and the main thing is i keep learning. i am also a freelancer and looking for a remote job too. currently i am working in a software house (nestsdlogics) in islamabad as a web developer but i am open for best opportunities. 
career summary & strengths  about 5 years of web development experience in various technologies and tools, key things to know about me are       ability to manage end to end web projects to ensure on-time delivery, as per requirements     comfortable in both working alone and/or with teams     can start with minimal detail, a go-getter     balanced with the required attention to detail     have also extensively worked as a front-end developer and on platforms like core php, codeigniter,          etc.     good communication and interpersonal skills, proven ability to communicate effectively with senior          management and team members  skills summary   web development  being a professional worker it is mention that completely process handling and excellent working in the following web development tools are html5, css, bootstrap3, javascript, jquery, php, codeigniter, sql and mysql.  also familiarwith  along with the web development fields, working on many other platforms and acknowledgement of excellent work in the following php frameworks are codeigniter.  ui / ux development  build user interfaces for e-commerce and online service provider websites. front-end development as well as collaborated with senior design & development team.  other learning skills  learning lamp and php frameworks, python, node js, react js, linux
i'm a mechatronic engineer who's passionate about all things tech, people and the environment. i've worked in a range of areas from project management to technical engineering and software developer positions, and enjoy the challenges and learning experiences gained through each new role. the best part of my job is working with people to solve problems   sharing knowledge of new processes, skills and ways of thinking. 
3 year extensive experience of defining and implementing product requirements, business plans, and marketing strategies for multiple internal clients.   posses extensive project experience with an in depth knowledge to accurately capture customer needs and deliver value-added solutions. have successfully managed, facilitated and delivered projects in a wide range of disciplines ranging from web site development, financial application , fitness and nutrition ,  custom application software development and software testing.  skilled at applying project management methodologies and principles, have demonstrated strong written and oral communications skills. my diversified expertise includes  business/technology alignment, project delivery, process development and refinement, software testing, requirements definition, delivery of packaged software.   programming languages  php, xml, json, html/xhtml, ajax/java script  frame works  code ignitor , laravel   cms  wordpress , prestashop
profile advanced web developer with 1 year of experience in structuring, developing and implementing interactive websites. innovative use of technology and seo to drive traffic and engage users. able to complete projects efficiently and satisfy customers with attractive, user-friendly websites.  areas of expertise  advanced programming and design skills web content management landing page development roject management strong collaborative skills website optimization excellent problem solving skills 
i have a background in web development and experience of successfully designing a websites layout, usability and appearance. i   ve had the opportunity of working for several web design companies  this has given me extensive web designing knowledge and technical skills.
highlights  html, css, javascript, c#, java, .net, android studio, intelij, visual studio, eclipse, git, github, frontend-utvecklare, mjukvaruutvecklare, systemutvecklare, programmerare, applikationsutvecklare
i fellow to employment in an organization where i perceive that i am learning something latest, where jobs are not repetitive and where new technologies are advised. i don't obtain work as trouble, that   s why i take pleasure to complete my duties and try to do my best for the supreme possible outcomes.  summary   7 years of experience in web development and in-depth knowledge of latest technologies (.net framework, c#.net ,java, android app, sqlit, asp.net, html5, wordpress, magento,  php, mysql , sql server, entity (database first approach), ajax, javascript).      have capability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and meet deadlines.     work well as a team member or independently.     ability to take the lead on technical issues and investigations until the problem is solved. , arshadm0in ,
it is fun to code, it is fun to design and create, 
experienced web developer and web designer who has worked on various projects. skilled in wordpress, c#, asp.net core, entity framework, javascript, angularjs, sql, html and css. friendly and communicative, agile team player and motivated for learning and working on new things. 
a stellar software designer with many live projects under her name. she has extensive experience with programming languages (php, javascript), ui/ux design, and ecommerce platforms (woocommerce, shopify).  she has worked with a dynamic mix of companies that have granted her diverse experience in terms of project scalability and required skill sets. her portfolio includes prestigious names like shan foods, pakistan sign language, and lucky cement.  the software specialist is impassioned about social causes and has used her talent to deliver projects like childlifefoundation.org, and aboutdivorce.org. nida is presently working remotely. ,
i am a software engineer  development   wordpres, php, asp.net mvc4,mvc5, with c#   web designing landing page or template for (joomla, wordperss, html5+css3 +jquery,bootstrap). wordpress theme designing   documentation  using uml 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the software industry. skilled in php, mysql, ajax,  jquery, c#, python, html, css. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of science (bs) focused in computer science from dadabhoy institute of higher education. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in microsoft word, php, wordpress, management, and html. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science (bs) focused in computer engineering from sir syed university of engineering and technology. ,
theme development and sql administration with 2+ years of experience working in different organizations. possessimpeccable written and verbal communication skills and excellent interpersonal skills. i also work in python face recognition to find the data of missing person detailed of this project is below here  we develop an application in which we create a pre defined database that contains information of 100 people. in front end user view we provide rescue and police option that will be authorized person to use this application. the user uploads an image by using upload option from front end interface and that tap on search button. our program match image into the data base and get result related to an image. this application is usually built for child and old psycho patient that recently missed by his/her home. we use bootstrap, html, css, python and sql server 2008 for build this application 
software engineer with 2+ years of professional experience in it industry. my specialties are in c# programming and asp.net development also asp.net core & angular js/5+, development . most of my projects are using, object oriented design principles and including system requirements collection, architecture, design, coding, development, deployment, testing, maintenance and enhancement in variety of technological platforms. ,
 promising front end developer with 10+ years of experience in ui/ux development. professional knowledge of angular , mfarhankz , 
specialize in web design and development solutions for small and mid-size businesses. developing wordpress themes, plugins, ecommerce websites and other web apps
my personal goal is to develop both professionally and personally through devotion and qualitative contributions to projects i'm involved in. an ongoing goal is to always stay ahead in technical changes and continuously to develop skills in various programming techniques and methods.   specialties  agile development, web applications, asp.net, c#, t-sql, visual studio, scrum, kanban ,
specialties  web design, html (div), css, logo design, business cards, invitation card, brochure, banner ads, print design ... etc , asifrana201 ,
an experienced web developer helping businesses creating an online presence. i create and design professional websites for businesses to give them dynamic appearance & presence online for greater growth.  i am also an experienced customer support specialist with great expertise in customer support, technical support, and customer onboarding. i help customers to make sure their issues are resolved with the best possible methods and make them feel home. 
i'm a software engineer. working in open source languages related to web development and desktop applications. i am working in technologies php, mysql, wordpress, c#.net, sql server, asp.net, html5, css, javascript, and bootstrap 4 , sadia__ch ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer science. skilled in wordpress,html,php,sql,c++ and  microsoft office. 
to effectively contribute my skills and knowledge to the organization and grow professionally and personally. , sarketer 
hi i am kanwar fahad, who works in web development and designing sector, i am young, enthusiastic and more importantly willing to make my mark in the market. i have expertise in html, css, bootstrap, wordpress, javascript, jquery, php and mysql. ,
as a web designer and developer, my objective is to make a positive impact on clients, co-workers, and the internet using my skills and experience to design compelling and attractive websites. i enjoy working on projects that involve a mix of web and graphic design, web development, database management and programming.my aim in life is to facilitate people in the field of development by using new and latest technologies. my area of expertise                                laravel5                               php                               wordpress                               mysql,mysqli,pdo                               jquery/javascript                                html                                css3 ,
i've completed my bachelors degree with the fyp in android. i have 6 months experience in web development. am now looking for a job in either frontend or backend side in web development , maqbool haroon shahid safdar & co , web developer 
i am excellent at content writing, having 6 months of experience in web content writing, keyword research and analyzing issues that are affecting indexing of websites that are developed in wordpress, doing both on-page and off page seo. currently working as a project manager. ,
i have more than 5 years of experience in web development ,design and it related jobs. i completed my graduation in computer science and engineering and masters student in sweden. 
front end developer designer / front-end developer with 4 years of designing / development & management experience, intermediate in computer science, and experienced freelance designer.     especially skilled in photshop, illustrator, html / css wordpress.     proven ability to manage projects. skilled in communicating with clients. i find great interest in all new digital technologies and latest design practices. i work with a strong technical team so we can take your idea and turn it into a successful product that users will enjoy.
multi-faceted engineer with a passion for web and app development. specializing in java spring, react js and aws.
working experience primarily in asp.net, c# and sql. i have handled full stack, frontend and backend developer roles.  my recent focus has been on front end development with angular 8 and .net core apis.  i also have experience as robotic process automation developer using automation anywhere.  i am a very result-driven individual, fast learner and a team player. ,
i am a developer. i landed on the moon as a developer intern in 2014, got hired, and have been developing wordpress and hubspot websites, working with customer satisfaction and keeping my colleagues happy since then.  being on the moon for as long as i have kinda makes you the office all-rounder handyman. i have been working with design, development, customer service, support, servers & dns, team leading and is the allround  go-to problem solving guy  for my colleagues.   i love my job, everyday is different with new challenges and/or opportunities so let's the most of it.  - igomoon helps companies reach their growth goals through data-driven communication, hubspot technology and crisp content. this means better customer experience, more website traffic, leads and increased demand for your products and services.
web developer having an extensive experience of web application development using php,oop,mvc, codeigniter, yii, html, css, bootstrap, java script, j query, ajax,  rds, mysql & mongodb. self motivated web-based software engineer versed with 3 years in software development. i am a workaholic person and believes in satisfying delivery of projects. i am flexible enough with technologies to easily switch according to the situation and business needs. i can perform far better in under pressure situations and take the responsibilities, owns the design, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards
i am an engineer experienced in multiple technological areas - from web technologies, software development in java or android development using kotlin, to interactive media technologies with focus on sound. i always strive for professional and personal development, love to be challenged and enjoy being around forward thinking and motivating individuals. ,
3 year of experience in websites development in php and mysql server     extensive knowledge of development (client/server and web based application) using php .     good working knowledge of html5, css (3), ajax, jquery, java script.     extensive object oriented design and development skills.     capacity of utilizing software design patterns, data structures and algorithms, component-based software, real-time systems development and adapting to work in any stage of software development life-cycle.     experience using frameworks like codeigniter, laravel, symfony and bootstrap.     experience using cms (wordpress).     versatile team player as well as independent contributor.     a good team player with strong ability to learn and adapt new skills and makes efforts to do the work at hand and manage time effectively. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in creation of websites, systems and mobile apps. skilled in object-oriented programming (oop), cascading style sheets (css), php, html, and javascript.  have done work for such a big company's website and system of nestle kitchen. strong professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer software engineering from comsats institute of information and technology. ,
experienced owner with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in microsoft excel, microsoft word, public speaking, research, and microsoft powerpoint. strong business development professional graduated from university of azad jammu and kashmir. ,
i  have completed software engineering  . i have about 2 years experience as working as web developer.  i am also good  at project management and know how to deal with lengthy projects. my ambition is to be a  pixel perfect in every aspects of job . , engineerdani techliance , web developer 
hello i am web developer with more then 3 year experience i have completed many web based projects that are working all over the world now i have started working as freelancer. i love to perform challenging task try me if you have any doubt , intellectual works , web developer 
working of wordpress frame work genesis, did multiple projects throughout my career. have excellent knowledge and experience in responsive sites. , upthink 
i am an expert web developer and web designer, so passionate about creating impressive and innovative website designs. i do work hard and make my full effort for achieving goals of the given project. ,
experienced founder with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, wordpress, html, bootstrap, media query, jquery, public speaking, and management. strong entrepreneurship professional with a bscs focused in computer software engineering from dadabhoy institute of higher education . , itssalmankhatri 
skilled in laravel and sql with adequate knowledge of  html, css and javascript. strong engineering professional with a accp pro diploma in software development focused in computer science from aptech computer center and bachelor's from dawood university of engineering and technology. , kreatix solutions
expert in wordpress development also having grip on javascript, jquery.  have an experience in building custom plugins, custom development in wordpress, speed optimisation of wordpress sites. ,
i am a web developer for several years, now specializing in cms based websites such as wordpress. taking web development as a profession not only fulfills my pocket but also my heart because it has been my passion since my early teenage. i have acquired my web development skills by determination. for years, i have developed websites for clients from saudia arabia, pakistan, and america.  my goal is always to meet my client's expectations.  to summarize, i am skilled, expert and knowledgeable in the following fields  wordpress, languages such as php, java, javascript, html, css, bootstrap. web ui/ux designs, website backend, etc.  client's satisfaction is my first priority ever, so you gonna get 100% satisfied by my work and i am sure that if you hire me, i will present you with many successful projects with minimal efforts from your side. 
i started my career as a web developer in 2016. i have achieved good experience in web development | wordpress development and worked on different frameworks of wordpress. i am working as a web developer at rock valley tours and shimshal adventure shop. i am also an seo (search engine optimization) manager.   portfolio  gilgit-baltistan girls football league (gbgfl)  i am also a soccer(football) player.  i've been playing soccer for the last three years at al-shams fc. , al shams women football club , web developer 
experienced and motivated frontend web developer, with additional experience in photography, video and tv production. i love combining my technical skills with creativity!
i am a web developer currently working for devbeans. my cardinal interests are web development, data science, and social systems. besides merely knowing to code, i'm an enthusiastic, performance-driven self-starter and a team player. always looking to work, learn, and develop in an environment that promotes creative and innovative thinking. i am impassive mostly looking for skills development opportunities. 
i am php web developer, i have 5 years experience of web development, i have built various websites, blogs & web portals from the scratch. i have been working on these technologies and tools  html5, ccs3, javascript, jquery, ajax, php, mysqli,  wordpress, plugin development, photoshop, dreamweaver. before this i have been working as a search engine optimizer (seo) and social media marketer (smm) more than 2 years. i loves to learn programming languages specially for web development, i am passionate about to learn php and wordpress (cms). , javedurrehman ,
total 5 years experience in enterprise web application development. well experienced with developing various web applications using web language, mvc frameworks, e-commerce cms ( i.e. php, mysql, drupal, magento, code igniter, html5-css3, javascript ).  experience with single page applications using react, redux, react router.  good level of experience with developing web applications, especially e-commerce systems.  ( i.e. magento)  experienced with software development methodology agile/scrum for daily development routine. collaborative, solutions-driven web developer with experience in all phases of the software development lifecycle, including client management. 
i love website as this is the only profession i'm involved from last 2 years. i do have strong knowledge in web design and development. photohsop, css3, html5, xhtml, cross browser compiled layout. as well for programming php, mysql, ajax, jquery, symfony, wordpress. i can do website design, logo design, banner design, web site development, wordpress website, ecommerce website, real estate website, travel web development and much more... ,
whether its code, data, design, or management, i constantly take on many evolving roles to fit the need of clients, or employers. i have almost a decade of experience of everything from database design, to front-end ux and every complex piece in between. 
code programmer , web developer 
i love learning latest technologies whether thats the frontend or backend. and i love the saying of steve jobs that, only way to do great work is to  love what you do . , pakistan stock exchange 
professional software engineer with more than 1.5 year experience in web development.develop many websites for different clients.also having strength in php  larval development frame work.passionate and goal oriented software engineer. , hop - 'the new way to neighbor'    , web developer 
2+ years of experience in the web development. delivered projects before deadline, manage projects, team and tasks, debug and resolve issue. a software engineer having professional experience in front end designing & development. i specialize in responsive designing with a strong set of skills and practical knowledge , liaquatmalik7 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in sql, asp.net mvc, databases, microsoft office, and object-oriented programming (oop). strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science (bs) focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology. 
its been 2+ years i have been working in web development. i have created several web applications in the past and currently working on a few and have satisfied the people whom i worked with my professional software development skills. i have good experience in javascript/php application development. i worked in jquery, angularjs, reactjs/redux, with l experience of php and its frameworks( ci, laravel 6+) and apis, mysql. ,
to gain confidence using my potential in the field of  web development , and express my innovative creative skills for self and company growth 
i am a passionate web developer with 1.5 year of experience laravel web developer building virtual platforms for organizations at a professional level. i'm highly capable of working with pure php web applications, laravel, wordpress, bootstrap, css, html, javascript, restful api and etc. i'll make you proud with my work. i am creative and detail-oriented in designing platforms that are functional and user-friendly. i have a strong understanding of the use of seo and social media in building brand awareness and gaining visibility in search engine rankings. i also value the use of mobile programming to design a well-rounded platform that caters to the unique needs of each customer i serve. ,
experienced office associate with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in wordpress, jquery, responsive web design, web design, and bootstrap. i have a experience of 3 years in web development and designing. strong administrative professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer science from university of the punjab. ,
full-stack web developer / ux designer.  i discover problems, design solutions, build experiences. and, i'm fairly confident i don't suck at any of them. ,
more than 1 years of development experience in various tools and technologies such as php, laravel, payment methods, mysql, xml, html ,html5, responsive theme/bootstrap, javascript , json ,jquery/ajax, social apis, scrum and agile. 
web developer, python programmer, chess player, philosopher!! 
i'm husnain tariq, a passionate website developer. having been in this business for the last two years, i have had a very successful history of helping hundreds of clients, giving them hardcore, growth-oriented web solutions. my core expertise lies in website design, wordpress website development, and wordpress website customization. i am looking forward to helping clients. 
experienced graphic web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. strong media and communication professional skilled in wordpress, html, css, js, bootstrap, adobe photoshop, and adobe illustrator. , fm_brohi ,
web developer, working on encouraging projects, in a team of motivated professionals. 
driven by the passion for web development and motivated to learn something new everyday, i am constantly trying to make myself a better developer and at the same time, polishing the skills i have already acquired. i am a hardworking and passionate person, looking forward to new and meaningful experiences in my field. 
to work with a company that appreciates innovation so that i can enhance my knowledge and skills to give my best for the growth of the company. , echo | digital marketing 
communication skill is good for connecting to the fellow members in the group when doing a project. learning new things and the new platform is my passion.  
an ambitious web developer  who would like to join a team of like-minded developers. a  full-stack developer (both frontend and backend) with more than 6 year work experience in a variety of exciting projects. good experience in agile development and tdd  . a strong communicator with the ability to convey ideas clearly with an emphasis on client satisfaction. very focused and willing to learn from workmates and use that knowledge to get a better understanding. ability to work confidently under pressure and capable to learn from mistakes and success. i am willing to work as a frontend or backend or full-stack developer role
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in psd to wordpress, coffeescript, css, css3, bootstrap, jquery, and responsive web designs . strong engineering professional with a master   s degree focused in computer science from the islamia university of bahawalpur. ,
web developer with 1+ years of professional experience, designing and developing high-end web applications, enhancing user experience with smart as well as smooth controls, along with the architectural approach of web engineering, seeking efficiency along with code elegance. skilled in codeigniter, laravel, wordpress mysql, javascript, jquery, 3rd party apis integration, cms, javascript, jquery and bootstrap. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of software engineering.  to learn more about my past experiences
hi i am a front end developer and if you are viewing my profile for any suitable person for your company than i hope to become the newest member of your team.i probably have the experience and knowledge that your company is searching for  as i have spent more than 6 years working with web development.  i have experience creating website codes and skins using dotnetnuke cms, i am experienced in psd to joomla, psd to dotnetnuke, less.js, responsive website designs, bootstrap and jquery. i am also familiar with html 4 and 5 and css3. i have the ability to design and develop high quality codes and then test these codes to make sure they work correctly. i also have the experience needed to follow and match all specification and coding standards (w3c standards).   if any problem is found during testing, i can find a suitable solution to solve the issue in a fast and efficient manner to keep the project on track. i worked with several web development and other agencies and all of them admit that no one is better than me to find the solution of the problems. i possess excellent writing skills and the knowledge to keep detailed records of the work being performed. my skills also includes monitoring and maintaining designs and codes to ensure high quality control for the website.   i am self-motivated so i can work alone but i also have great interpersonal skills that make it easy to work with a team both inside and outside the company. i can work on more than one project at once while maintaining the highest level of efficiency. , faizan_dnn_exp ,
frontend developer with previous experience in retail, focus on how to give our customers and users the best experiences possible. while making the most of our websites whether its online shopping or just a communication portal with our customers.
php web developer having profound knowledge of web development with more than  3 years of experience as a professional web developer.   good at building websites and web applications from scratch to end using latest web technologies.  eager to learn new web technologies and advancements in web world to enhance my knowledge and skills.  i am passionate what i do and always give 100%. when i understand a project or task, i don   t just complete it, i go the extra mile and make it better than the requested. ,
looking for the opportunity to bring my experience with desktop, web and mobile app development to a software engineer position with the company incorporating critical thinking, problem solving, and leadership. 
i am looking for to growth oriented position. i am therefore keen to find a new suitably challenging role in your esteemed organization where efforts and abilities are appreciated.  i am an enthusiastic and dedicated professional with feasible experience. a person who is able to develop and motivate the other to achieve targets. i can demonstrate a strong ability to manage projects from conception to successful completion. a proactive individual with a logical approach to challenge. i perform effectively even within a highly pressurized working environment. , devronix solutions llc , web developer 
involved in both the fields of web development and graphic design. ability to understand client needs from an early stage and actualize projects through design and development. experience in leadership roles, guiding both designers and developers through project completion. involvement working with large and small teams, as well as independently. 
hanif jadoon software engineering from university of peshawar ,pakistan . specialty mean stack developer, web developing and designing  with 4+ years practical experience in different it industry . nowadays i am working in andpercent company as backend developer using nodejs also worked in code for pakistan at durshal(kpitb) past kpitb and itec(information technology excellence center),kpk .the main thing which i would like that's  believing in hard work as an honest guy, belief on practical work, i want to work with an organization providing a healthy environment and opportunity to work as a team member i can utilize my knowledge and professional skills with my full devotion.  *. nodejs using express  *. web development   core php,php framework, javascript , jquery , ajax ,xml. *. framework   codeigniter *. web designing  bootstrap ,html5 , css,jquery , photoshop *. banner designing   photoshop *. database  mysql *. operating system  windows *.tools   netbeans , phpstorm ,dreamweaver , sublimetext *.project acquired skills  development, design
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in android, unity3d and databases. strong engineering professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in computer software engineering from international islamic university. , laraibazzad trillium information security systems 
experienced developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. strong engineering professional skilled in cascading style sheets (css), bootstrap, css sprites, wordpress,html, php, laravel, javascript, jquery and codegnitor ,
enhancing digital service is my passion and coding is my pleasure. problem solving is my trusty of soul. finally innovation is my goal. 
senior web developer,specialize in custom solution development on wordpress or core php, recently done fue projects of shopify custom theme development, currently get my hands dirty with vue.js...  #wordpress #php #vue.js , hammad_oct 
hi, my name is rehan ashraf. i'm web developer. welcome to my profile! , meshtech solutions 
exceptionally creative and dependable entry level it professional with a stellar customer service record and superb work ethic. broadly and deeply knowledgeable. seeking a position to assist in company   s needs and learn more as part of it industry through my following skills       c# development     user support installation, configuration and troubleshooting software and hardware.     web technologies including asp.net core. rest api, angular.     databases including postgresql, ms sql server, mysql server and oracle.     web designing ,
skilled in web application technologies and still working on developing some more awesome open source technology skills. , jeeglo , web developer 
i have good expertise in web development. programming is my passion , minhasoft , web developer 
a highly-motivated, ambitious and committed individual with a solid background in development. excellent communication skills combined with the ability to liaise effectively at all levels.  self-motivated and resourceful as well as possessing strong analytical skills.  i can cover the whole lifecycle of development as part of working together.  this includes getting creative and offering my expertise when it comes to features and design. meeting goals, making deadlines and consistently challenging myself to learn is a top priority.  i am both detail and goal-oriented and thrive in a fast-paced environment.
i have 5 skills. first of all  1. web design and development. 2. mobile app development. 3. wordpress development. 4. social media marketing. 5. customer service representive. , wizweb technology , web developer 
i'm a passionate web developer, virtual assistant, and business developer. i've worked a year as a web developer and designer. 1 year as a product and import manager. and right now working as a remote web developer for arando.io, getgeniuspro, global markets system, ieo labs, etc. and virtual assistant on freelancer. i'm also a student of bachelors of science in computer sciences from the virtual university of pakistan. and having a diploma in software engineering from aptech. i'm on experience level and would love to connect the like-minded people who could share their experience in ideas.  looking forward to connecting with you  ) 
working to make this world a better place to live for humanity. #webdeveloper #wordpress #java , punjab police pakistan , police station assitant 
experienced business owner with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry. skilled in web development, web design, logo design, typography, user interface design, editing and graphic design. strong business development professional. , kallewangstedt 
experienced wordpress developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. strong engineering professional skilled in php, wordpress, jquery, databases, and .net framework.
experienced senior software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the software industry. skilled in google checkout, twitter, php, wordpress, and paypal integration. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science (bs) focused in computer science from university of karachi. 
currently working as a web developer at aplome. previously worked as a web developer intern at civil aviation authority and a lotus developer at customer support center bahria town. , aplome , web developer 
from the very beginning, i had a passion to read & write, loved to play around with words to make my content talk & breathe all thanks to the assistance from my teachers and trainers. i had initially started my education in the science discipline, however, i soon realized i had a knack for writing. thus, i pursued a degree in english literature & linguistic from numl islamabad and successfully achieved the skill to bring out the best in content & tweak it to the client's desire. as a passionate writer, i constantly seek challenging content writer tasks to work upon. 
specialties  drupal, html, css, sass, javascript , ,strong in design and integration problem-solving skills. good in, html css basic php, and wordpress design and customization. expert in illustrator and adobe photo shop. good in editing and applying effect on videos using various software such as adobe after effects, adobe premiere and wondershare filmora. good written and verbal communications. looking forward to join your company and apply my skills to make it reach new heights. currently working as frontend and wordpress developer. ,
experienced junior web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in microsoft word, php, jquery, databases, laravel, and codeigniter. strong engineering professional with a software engineering focused in information technology from aptech computer education. 
with full-stack web development experience for global businesses, i offer the technical expertise you are seeking for. in this position, i have managed web development projects for clients in various businesses including technology, manufacturing, pharmaceutical, hospitality, f&b, retail and financial services. i am fully capable for developing robust, high-speed web and mobile apps, my web development work has facilitated produce profits, accelerate client acquisition, and deliver an industry-leading competitive benefit. please review my portfolio, which delivers details of these projects and examples of skills in      web development using wordpress, php, codeigniter, html5, css3, javascript,          jquery
codeigniter developer at applicon soft. currently working on web applications in  codeigniter.  skills  php codeigniter api development rest api's ajax request. jquery. html css database. sql ,
system developer since 2002, (~4 in java and the rest in .net/javascript). working mainly with web development. a lot of angularjs & episerver development but also a lot of jquery, javascript, asp.net & css/rwd. ,
this letter is to present myself for an available position in your organization.  i   m an ui/ux with 4 years of extensive and diverse experience in a number of commercial projects. solid understanding of w3 standards, usability and aesthetics, together with my sound knowledge on ux development, i have developed many wordpress cms driven websites, mobile responsive sites, portals and applications. ,
web developer with 1 year of experience in different phases of software development life cycle (sdlc) including design, implementation, and testing during the development of software applications. excellent object-oriented design and development skills with a focus on java se. dedicated and self-motivated with a solid educational background in computer science. 
innovative web developer with 1 year experience building various types of websites using html, css, javascript, wordpress, php working in a team set up with the capacity to train others in web management, is desirous in establishing a career with a world-renowned it company ,
opportunity to work with the latest technologies. strong team builder and leader and have high level of personal morals and integrity, willing to work hard and have a great desire to learn. , comstar isa 
technically creative and detail-oriented developer with proven performance. ability to balance creativity with thoughtful, pragmatic technical solutions. enthusiastic, self-driven and honest.  key skills   website development  .net framework, c#, asp.net mvc, linq, entity framework, ajax, javascript, jquery, json, webservices, wcf, asp.net web api, microsoft sql server,  mobile app development  android studio, xcode, jquerymobile, html5
i am a web developer  i have a 3+ years of professional experience in this field.  during this experience i have designed & developed vast variety of website.  in order to make my projects successfully complete, i use latest technologies like html5, css3, bootstrap 3 & 4, jquery, wordpress and php.  these are some of more expertise   -react -wordpress website designing - shopify store designing - psd to html5 using any of css framework.  - sketches to html  - image to html  - psd to bootstrap.  - responsive designs  - web development  portfolio for web desiging and development 
i have worked on many web application projects. i hands on php, oop, and php freamworks.  i hands on project management, deployment, monitoring, support, testing and security of web applications. i'm also comfortable with vcs like git and github. i have also contributed in many open source repositories.  freamworks   _ laravel  databases   _ mysql  programming language  _ php _ javascript ,
i'm currently working in college of physicians and surgeons pakistan (cpsp) as a junior software / web developer, i have worked in  matz solutions and in software pattern as junior software developer. i did my bachelors from bahria university in software engineering from 2013 to 2017.
working as a web developer in arhamsoft (ltd). , arhamsoft (pvt) ltd , web developer ,i'm an expert in the development of web applications and wordpress websites. i have done a lot of work on these. i have completed many projects properly and in the given time. i have also developed custom web applications of many types. my clients have a very pleasant interaction with me. i have been working to create and customize blogs for three years. i have also created many online sites like e-commerce sites, online booking systems, and many blogs. i have also skills in html, css, bootstrap, php, javascript, and mysql and can do any work in these. ,
pakistan , over 10+ years of experience in managing the administration and public relations. thorough understanding of the value of integrated marketing strategies and plans. strong managerial,   interpersonal and communication skills. excellent multi-tasking, organizational and time-                management skills. ability to thrive in a demanding environment requiring a high degree of deadline-driven productivity, commitment, adaptability, communication, initiative and follow- through. strong attention to detail and commitment to delivering quality results. , ahsaaan_umar 
experienced freelance web developer with a demonstrated history of  building and managing sites for individuals, small businesses and organizations.   additionally, i offer white label services to other developers, designers and agencies who need support with project management, website builds, or any other overflow work.   my skill set includes project management (asana, trello, jira, teamwork, trello, git, bitbucket etc.), website evaluations, information architecture, domain names, hosting, site migrations, cpanel, html
experienced senior web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in php, wordpress, magento, magento 2, html and xhtml. strong engineering professional with a intermediate focused in international business/trade/commerce from commerce college karachi. 
i'm a web designer and  developer from karachi pakistan having several years of experience in the industry with a proven track record of successful achievements.  my only focus is to go beyond the industry standards, and help my clients achieve their goals, improve online  presence, develope the site's conversion rate and clearly covey their key message to the targeted audience.    instead of just making a website and closing the deal, i make a lifetime connection with customers, to make them get my assistance  whenever they need, without any kind of maintenance fee or  additional charges.  want to work with me  let's get connected at our official website wagasoft.com 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in web design (html5, css3, js, es6), react, react-native, node.js, mongodb, laravel, mysql, adobe photoshop. strong work ethics with a master's degree focused in computer science from karachi university. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in graphics, php, responsive web design, graphic design, and web design. strong engineering professional graduated from studies software-engineering at mirpur university of science and technology (m.u.s.t) mirpur a.k. . 
applie product services , web developer  ,self-employed , frontend web developer ,precise software peshware , web developer ,experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in sql, php, c++, eclipse, and object-oriented programming (oop). strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science (bs) focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology. 
my objective to obtain a challenging position where each day brings something new and challenging that desires creativity to solve it, which will allow me to expand upon my education and continue to accumulate knowledge, skills for the, mutual benefit of the organization and my career.   my skills & abilities are    frontend development  - html and cascading style sheet (css). - html5, css3  - responsive websites using css3  media queries - bootstrap 3 - developing seo optimized theme  - cross browser compatibility - w3c standards and accessibility aware - javascript - jquery - firebase - wordpress - magento  backend development - wordpress theming using theme management panel  - wordpress plugin making & customization - magento theming - php  app development - version control using git - react - react native - redux  i am currently studying following languages   - javascript ninja - typescript - angular 4 - android and ios apps - node.js and express with typescript - gulp with typescript , shayanmemon27 ,
i am a fresh graguated bscs from sir syed university. i am interested to work in asp.net,i also worked as a it assistent in artistic apparels ltd. now i want to do job as a asp.net developer. , kingdom vision 
creative web developer dedicated to building and optimizing the performance of user-centric, high-impact websites for nationwide. leverage technical, analytical and problem-solving skills to create dynamic, high-speed websites, apps and platforms fueling competitive advantage and revenue growth. expertise  1- web development 2- site troubleshooting 3- digital & ecommerce strategy 4- coding & programming 5- ux & ui design 6- crm & cms platforms 7- hosting & maintenance 8- information architecture , muhammad_asif0 
experienced freelance web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in python, debian, wordpress, linux system administration, and .net framework. ,
software engineer with working experience of web development having interest in learning new technologies, modern tools and techniques and software packages to create effective it solutions in an international environment. highly motivated team player, who has ability to perform confidently and effectively under pressure and thrives on challenge. enthusiastic learner, able to grasp concepts and technical skills quickly. ability to work both independently and in team environment.  i'm looking forward for an experience that is both intellectually and professionally valuable. i'm looking for an opportunity in an ambitious company that can offer development training, project-based learning and a mentoring program.  my objectives are to sense software innovations though creating, sharing and implementing knowledge. moreover, i want to learn and improve my skills in a comfortable yet professional environment so that i can add something positive in my career. 
experienced senior web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in html, software development, javascript, json, and c#. strong engineering professional with a diploma focused in mern stack developer from uit. ,
i am a website developer mostly build projects on wordpress i have many satisfied clients and have keen interest to learn more about the new technologies. , 707 news , senior web an 
i have developed a wide range of websites using hmtl, dhtml, php, and mysql including sites for startup companies and small businesses. my core competency lies in complete end-end management of a new website development project, and i am seeking opportunities to build websites from the ground up for you or your business. i also have some experience in the following areas  sql, ajax, oop, asp net c# . , twikam1 ,
to work with an organization where i can fully utilize my knowledge, skills and experience for mutual growth. a highly resourceful, innovative, and competent php developer with extensive experience in the layout, design and coding of websites specifically in php format. 
working on various web frameworks currently (angular5+) and integrating restful web services api's with developing creative ui/ux designs with also doing version controlling with (git) and doing the server operations (docker build) etc. , brainplow , web developer 
student at software engineering, seasoned freelancer having experience in multiple frameworks and languages. projects i've worked on are as following. --chat room applications --biometric based authentication --voice command controlled automation system --chatbot running on the top of node js. --web apis in express js --number of desktop apps --3rd party apis including facebook, twitter, instagram, twillio, sendgrid and more. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in laravel/php, making restfull apis, javascript/jquery, ajax and html. strong engineering professional with a master focused in information technology from minhaj university lahore. ,
hello, my name is muhammad suleman and i belong to the very fertile land of khyber pathkoon khwa. i am a dweller of jandola where i received my basic education from comprehensive public high school dera ismail khan. it was there that i studied metrics and intermediate ics from govt college jandola fr tank. during my time at university at buitems i learned to allocate my time and energies into my studies to achieve the best results. i spend five to seven hours a day apart from my time in class studying and reading research related to the information from my classes.  and that is how i maintained my excellent academic record. i continue to use study time to explore the many aspects of software development and how new software development plays such an important role in this rapidly advancing aspect of our modern world.      apart from my studies i also joined student affairs council and became coordinate of event management club.  as coordinate of event management club buitems students affair i took part in many international, national and university level conferences and seminars. i accomplished this along with my studies.  student affairs activities was very important to me because it allowed me to help other students that were struggling.  i want to become an information technology professional and bring these advanced technologies to my nation and its people.  after graduation i stared working with turnotech a telecom based company,very fast i realize to join my software industry, now i am work as a web developer at haramayn group of company lahore. ,
software engineer working as web developer with handsome experience in core php, codeigniter , wordpress , javascript , mysql. completed many projects for clients. very good learner and excellent team worker with excellent communication skills ,
i,m a web developer at webpreneur academy peshawar and working in php framework laravel. , webpreneur acamdey peshawar 
i'm a web developer who encompass many different skills and disciplines online and offline. i am highly passionate about creating remarkable and creative web development and turning them into semantic mark-up language (html/css/javascript/jquery) web pages that are cross-browser compatible. along with developing wordpress custom themes, and creating interactive e-learning courses is among my on-the-job experiences. i just love what i do and very passionate about my career.  but over my career and what i have learned along the way has taught me that my professional values and experiences boils down to the following   1. i am a highly collaborative professional that doesn't care who gets the credit but wins overall for the customer and business. it is a win-win for everyone. 2. work with what you know and learn what you don   t. it   s absolutely important as a web developer to always adopt new tools and skills. 3. ability to think quickly and effectively to iterations in projects. to swiftly react to any issues that may arise and make necessary change. i easily adapt to changes and reflect on the overall projects outcome. 4. if i don't know the answer, i will figure it out. 5. resourceful team player who can work within a group or a self-starter to achieve a common goal.   -with more than 3 year experience of web web developer & web designing, currently involving in static and dynamic web pages integration with wordpress, bootstrap, laravel, codeigniter.  specialities  my specialities in xhtml div base layout,bootstrap jquerylibraries javascript, ajax, jason, html 5, css3, responsive css(bootstrap), designs/development. ,
concept creation , web developer  ,more than 3 years experience in software development including mobile applications, mean stack, mern stack and react-native. 
visual creativeness , php web developer ,web developer with a demonstrated history of working with angular and reactjs. skilled in income tax, automated software testing, html, software testing life cycle (stlc), and adobe aftereffects. strong engineering professional acquiring a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer science from national university of computer and emerging sciences. 
i started development with web application development with simple core php, after then according to industry requirements i started development with php frameworks like laravel and codeigniter. i also started android application development during my bachelor study period time. i found that shifting domains in development field is very joyful experience. , tbox solutionz smc pvt ltd 
i love to program things that work in real world and are useful for people in their business. i am professional, reliable and responsible for the work i do. i am very talented and creative about my field. i have been interested in programming since childhood. learning to new things about my field is my hobby. my passion is web and smart phones application development. 
for around a year now, i have been working as a front-end developer with technologies such as html, css, js, jq, mysql, php and angular. i have a good grip on tools such as wordpress, visual studio code, sublime, bootstrap, photoshop and many more. my goal is becoming a full-stack developer in the near future through mentorship, self-learning and occasional experimentations. when i'm not tapping away at the keyboard, i like to travel to new destinations, taste a wide variety of cuisines, or engage myself in a healthy competition of multiplayer gaming with my friends. ,
working as full stack web developer. past experiences as alarm operator and technician.
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in embedded javascript (ejs), ajax, research, bootstrap, and cascading style sheets (css). strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in computer science from quaid-i-azam university, islamabad. 
senior web developer ,i am a front-end web developer and back-end developer specialist. i have spent the one year working as a front-end developera and back-end developer. my experience falls under three areas  front-end technologies (html5, css3, responsive, javascript, jquery), content management systems development and theming (php,mysql,mvc) and email development (including responsive email development). i also have a good understanding in working with back-end technologies using php and mysql. i can also effectively use adobe suite of programs including adobe photoshop.  i have also been developing my design skills as i have worked extensively with designers.there is a detailed focus on the ui/ux side of website development that directs certain design aspects of how to guide the development of the website to be more effective.  i am a proactive person who likes to take initiative and manage the project or tasks handed down to me. i use essential tools that help me collaborate, manage and keep track of important aspects of the project to help me be more agile and efficient. i enjoy solving problems within projects and i don   t back down from challenges. thus, communication is important to me with my colleagues and i make an effort to communicate with all members of the team where it is essential to my work.  i look forward to developing my career and skill-set further in every role i take and i enjoy learning new things as i see myself being a senior web developer/php developer in the future at the cutting edge. my last role was a permanent position and i would like to continue this as i am looking for job webdeve oper/php developer, developing long term relationships and seeing projects develop from the beginning to the end. 
i have experienced on it development and now studying on information systems management. 
excellent command on written and spoken communication skills consistently approaches work with energy and a positive, constructive attitude remains calm, in control and good humored even under pressure self-management and motivated. ability to perform a variety of standard specialized and non-specialized tasks and work processes that are fully documented, researched, recorded and reported able to undertake other relevant duties as directed by supervisor ,
curious and driven front ender who is aiming for becoming a fullstack developer. i am passionate about development since it gives me the chance to create something new, lets me work with problem solving and to figure out how to build different functions and components. to keep on learning always is what motivates me most.   in the future i would like to learn more programming languages, work more with javascript frameworks and backend. i aim at developing my fullstack skills since i think basically everything in programming is interesting.    my current stack is  html, css/less, javascript, jquery, vue.js, embedded javascript, mongodb and git. ,
i want to face and explore new challenges utilizing my technical, analytical and business development skills and experiences in the area of it with innovative and creative contributions. , wrqureshi ,
software company develop softwares based on different development expertise.  we have professional android or web developers with the most experience in designing with new versions of languages of java, kotlin, python, flutter with android studio, or  html, css, javascript, bootstrap, laravel, vue.js, react, or wordpress creative responsive websites works. make real-time twilio for sms, voice, mms, calling, video chat, or other useful dating and chating systems we have prominent experience in api integration done well for the last early projects on portfolio  really happy to work with you, and meetup your with all the requirements which you're wishing in within budget. have a good day dear.
i have done my bachelors(4 years) in the field of software engineering from a comsats university islamabad (attock campus), a well-known university of pakistan. i have 4 years of experience of learning and practical experience in developing software. in this long period of study, i have learned different courses related to coding and software engineering techniques, which put a solid foundation for me in computer fields, which able me to do work in any area of the computer and it. my expertise in the field of andriod application development, web development, and game development, is very strong. i am an active and broad-minded student among the others during my graduate studies of the last 4 years, very often involved in many curricular and co-curricular activities.   thanks. 
i am a certified web designer and developer. i have many skills in graphic designing and web application development front end and back end.  graphic designing 1. adobe photoshop 2. adobe illustrator 3. adobe in design 4. adobe lightroom    web developement     html, css, javascript     php, ajax, mysql     bootstrap, wordpress     c#, asp.net 
i am a software engineer, with 5 years experience as a freelancer, who prides his work as a web developer.  i am among top 20% wordpress developers on upwork with 2,000+ hours logged & 5.0 feedback rating. have successfully delivered 7 large and medium scale projects.   strong areas  back-end    php, asp front-end   html, css, html5, css3, less, javascript, jquery, bootstrap other technologies   ajax, mysql, wordpress, codeigniter  if you're looking for a tech savvy, please feel free to contact. , proammarx 
my first job training for 2months was with my uncle at their shop i worked as a sales man in 2014.then i re-work with my uncle's new shop at tariq road worked as online worker and promoted to older shop and worked as money management and leave because of exams.and now i am learning advance in web development before this i have learnt web designing & computer hardware repairing from ejiit in 2015 and in 2016 i have learnt advance excel from their
experienced co-founder with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in html, android development, software development, leadership, and web development. strong business development professional graduated from paf-karachi institute of economics & technology. 
seeking a challenging career with a progressive organization that provides an opportunity to utilize my technical skills & abilities in web development and to contribute in the growth of the organization. 
i have an interest in designing and crafting efficient modern applications, and learning new technologies and tools if need arises. , cn digital solutions 
experienced senior web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, databases, application programming interfaces and scripting. strong information technology professional with a master's degree focused in computer science from agh university of science and technology. 
kean to work on new technologies, prefer work over debate, love to face new challenges, promising attitude. i play cricket on weekends. love to watch movies. ,
dejure technologies , frontend web developer 
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in enterprise risk management, business planning, communication, management, and leadership. strong engineering professional graduated from national university of science and technology. 
i am elya i've been designing websites for a significant amount of time now. there are countless testimonials, successful clients and companies whom i worked with as techstar, startup bussinesses, techleap and many more! 
experienced freelancer skilled in full stack web development, microsoft excel, adobe premiere pro, customer service, microsoft word, enginneering drawings and sales. strong education professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer system engineering (cse) from usman institute of technology affiliated from ned university. i did diploma in information technology from infra professional institute and also have many online certifications in programming and development ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in python (programming language), jquery, html, javascript, and postgresql. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer and information sciences and support services from the islamia university of bahawalpur. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in javascript, asp.net, c#, software quality assurance, and microsoft sql server. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer software engineering from iqra university (official). 
a highly competent developer with extensive experience in programming specifically in php and its frameworks (laravel, codeigniter). for 3 years i have been involved in development of multiple diverse projects which expand from management system to customized erps. , red volcano 
am very passionate for my work and i work hard  to achieve goals , faysal asset management limited. , web developer 
i am a highly competent it professional with a proven track record in designing websites, networking and managing databases. i have strong technical skills as well as excellent interpersonal skills, enabling me to interact with a wide range of clients. i am eager to be challenged in order to grow and further improve my it skills. my greatest passion is in life is using my technical know-how to benefit other people and organisations.. i can play effective and efficient role by creating the required synergy to meet the organizational objectives and goals. 
a hard-working and motivated b.s (c.s) graduate with verbal communication, organization and numeracy skills seeking a job position in the field of computer science. pro-active and keen to learn, wishing to make a positive contribution to an i.t sector. 
worked in oracle technologies like oracle database, pl/sql, oracle developer suite,  currently working in php development at rewterz inc. as a senior web developer, working on wordpress, joomla, extjs, opensource techologies etc.  specialties  php, wordpress, joomla, oracle developer, extjs, jquery , wajidmuhammad ,
work in a challenging environment with a scope of future progress. i would like to welcome the chances to work as a part of a dynamic working team where i could make a significant contribution while developing my skills yet further. to advance my professional career regarding my field of computer science. , asdpakistan    association for sustainable development , full stack web developer 
pursuing a bachelors in computer science from iqra university 
web developer with 2+ years of experience designing, developing, and managing complex e-commerce sites and internal frameworks. 
gbatistatos metasolutions ab 
to work in a challenging environment where i can learn and grow professionally with the passage of time and to perform my duties to the best my abilities.      experience in design and development of applications using.net and web technologies like xml, css, ajax, javascript, jquery and html in n-tier architecture.     experience with tfs,git.     strong database data modeling and design skills in sql server.     ability to learn & develop using new technologies quickly.     excellent communication and interpersonal skills     a good badminton player. ,
i'm web developer and python programmer. i started programming when i was 13 and today i have experience of 5 years in programming. , self-employed , web developer 
full satack web developer |   mobile app developer |   laravel |   wordpress |   react native |   graphic designing , supersoft technologies (pvt.) ltd , mobile application developer 
to achieve a challenging and rewarding position with a dynamic group utilizing the skills developed through educational background and work experience allowing professional growth and career advancement with an opportunity to development. , eurosoft tech limited , frontend web developer 
front end web developer , techvento , frontend web developer 
all star technologies , web developer 
web development is my main interest and working with backend and frontend is what i am primarily focusing on at the moment.  my backend experience is a mix of various techniques such as php,mysql, asp.net, sql server, volusion, codeigniter, web applications development, wordpress, pyrocms, smarty, , html/html5, css/css3, jquery,  mongodb, twilio, tropo, nexmo, plivo
i'm a full-stack javascript developer based in stockholm who is also passionate about ui/ux design. currently, i work at izettle a paypal service, as a web developer working with public-facing web applications and tooling. throughout my 6+ years of professional experience, i have worked with a number of worldwide clients, such as luxury singapore furnishing brand , us logistics and furniture companies, australian design agencies, construction companies, swedish software firms and many more international and local clients, on various projects ranging from e-commerce, travel, hrms, lms to logistics and construction.  skills javascript  nodejs - koa / express / nest front end frameworks (angular, react, vue) syntax knowledge of xml, json, etc. html, css3 git http & rest firebase db - sql / postgresql / mongodb platforms - aws / heroku / netlify testing - jest / karma / test cafe / cypress 
i am passionate, innovative and committed individual. graduated as a software engineer from university of gujrat. proficient in oop and problem solving. i am working officialy as a web developer from april 2018. , upwork.com 
experienced web designer/developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in html, css, javascript, php, wordpress customization, laravel, and more. strong business development professional with a advance diploma of software engineering and focused in computer science from dadabhoy institute of higher education. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in cascading style sheets (css), php, wordpress, javascript, and json. strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in msc (it) from university of education, lahore, pakistan. 
experienced website administrator with a demonstrated history of working in the non-profit organization management industry. skilled in web development, android app development and researcher. strong media and communication professional graduated from international islamic university islamabad. , prosol partners 
i am self-directed and motivated web developer. i have developed websites using html,css, bootstrap and i am familiar with wordpress and adobe photo shop platforms. front end web development skills seeking challenging environment for refining professional skills in reputable organization to utilize my professional experience and technical skills for innovative and value added contribution towards achievement of organization goals. 
a young, enthusiastic and creative individual having a potential for achieving highest standards in work. a team player. aiming to acclimate professionalism and work ethic in a dynamic workplace. my goal is to be associated with a company where i can build a long term career in my field with opportunities for career growth, and utilize my skills to gain further experience while enhancing the company   s productivity and reputation. 
wordpress shopify react and node , morosoft , web developer 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in wordpress, codeigniter, cakephp, yii, and search engine marketing (sem). strong engineering professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in computer science from virtual universty of pakistan. 
certified web developer with almost five years of experience in database administration and website design. strong creative and analytical skills. team player with an eye for detail. hands-on html, css, javascript, jquery, php, mysql and php. goal-oriented and driven. ,
i am a front-end web developer , freelancer 
experienced ui/ux developer & designer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in cascading style sheets (css), html, software development, javascript, adobe photoshop and mysql. strong engineering professional. ,
my ambition is to work with it as a developer. i see myself as an independent worker that appreciates critic that improves my working methods. i also gladly work in teams where me and my coworkers are not afraid to share our different competences.   my experience with developing me and my good friend decided to make a complete iphone application the summer of 2011. it was an intensive time where teamwork and the result was the prime motivation. ever since, i have a big interest for programming. this interest has resulted in several games, among them an android application. over the years, i have a aquired a good understanding of applications built with modern javascript-frameworks.  personal strengths after i've been working almost a year in china and vietnam, i have become more experienced. i am not afraid to take initiative and i am able to adapt to different working cultures. i am not afraid to take on responsibilities, i want to control the result and i have a passion for successful teamwork. other strengths include  - knowledge about external facing web apps and responsive design. - private web apps with a lot of logic in the client. - web apps with    place order   -functionality, support for product cart and databaseconnection.  i am skilled with various softwares, including but not limited to vs code, visual studio, sublime text & photoshop  long experience with illustration, visual arts and bitmap-graphics.  the role of the consultant has taught me well a consultant has a constantly changing working environment and gets to see many new coworkers and technology stacks. often at the clients hq. this has been the perfect way for me to start my career within it, and has taught me many things, since. ,
i'm a web developer since 2014 as a professional. i got started my journey in software engineering in 2012. after completed my two semesters i got an opportunity to start my career as an internship in their town. so, i got started my journey with an internship for a web developer. after this, i earned the experience from multiple companies as web developer and i am proud to say that my journey still goes on. because it's not only my career it is my passion. i have also extensive experience in freelancing. i have worked a lot online on multiple outsourcing websites and clients globally.  meanwhile, i had started a startup of software house with a friend. actually, he was my classmate. very cooperative, polite and a nice person!  unfortunately, we couldn't continue our startup for a long time period. but, i learned many things such as project management, employee management, dealing with clients and most of the patience. yes, patience is the key if you would like to proceed successfully with your startup. which is my experience and observation.  during startup, i didn't leave my key strengths. yes, i am talking about my web development skills. i have been practicing with my development skills on our client's project. after the shutdown, i decided to move back to my web development job. so, i am here and happily working with my current job.  here are my key strengths      website design and development     wordpress development     front-end engineering      mobo web (responsive)     mockups/templates conversion     content management systems (cms)     maintaining the performance     diagnosing and rectifying performance issues  other specialties      co-founder      search engine optimization (seo)     mobile applications     logo/flyer/brochure design     internet research     project management     explaining and projects documentation  i enjoy traveling and eating all around the world. i'm a learner, self-motivated and always open to take new challenges.  i would be very happy to collaborate with you to achieve your goal and add value to your organization. if you feel there is something that i can help you with, please contact me. , asamad0fficial ,
looking for an opportunity to improve and prove my skills in a reputable organization , nntechnology pvt ltd , web developer 
php/wordpress developer with thorough hands-on experience in php, mysql, wordpress, html5, css3 javascript, integration of payment systems, e-commerce development.
i am sehrish fatima, a social mobiliser from quetta, baluchistan. a fresh graduate holding computer science bachelor   s degree from university    sardar bahadur khan women university, quetta   .  i am working with quetta online as a social media activist. my role is to portray the positive uses of social media to bring constructive change with different activities  social work for the community, youth awareness sessions, tree plantation activities and blood donation drives. i participate in different workshops and sessions on women harassment, women rights, youth and women empowerment, career counseling programs, communication skills, database development, photoshop, entrepreneur, and technical hands. i am also interested in extracurricular activities like sports, community gathering and voluntarism.  i consider myself an open minded, hardworking and curious girl who cares about community, as norman said    change your thoughts you will change the world   . i am person with great strength
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the software industry. skilled in php, codeignitor, wordpress, wp theme development, wp plugins development, rest api, jquery, ajax, and wp speed optimzation, html, css, bootstrap. graduated from university of malakand bs software engineering. ,
i am ambitious and hardworking individual. i have the ability to adopt myself to new situation and comfortable at working in group. i am good at accomplishing task on time and want to earn respect and faith for myself and the company where i am serving. , suraket , web developer 
having gained a degree in (bs) software engineering, i   m working as a freelance web / ux designer, graphics designer and front-end website developer with a exorbitant knowledge in adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, html5, css3, core php, jquery, joomla, wordpress, open cart, prestashop & other work-frames development. i've been providing complete web solutions for small businesses, start-ups, individuals, and fellow web agencies. , ammarlatif302 ,
experienced php and seo/smm expert with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, seo, smm, facebook pixel, degital marketing, wordpress, wix, sql, html, css, bootstrap 4 and js. strong software engineering professional graduated from university of gujrat pakistan. , mrajmal11 ,
web developer , maxenius solutions , web developer 
specialties  php, mysql, mongodb, sql server, xhtml, ajax, jquery, drupal, wordpress, opencart, laravel, facebook apps, html5 mobile iphone/android apps 
proficient in desktop application development, web development , e-commerce system , static and dynamic pages , facebook fan pages, database design structure for small and large business web based projects. - interested in desktop application development based projects as well as close interaction with the development using latest visual studio. - working with asp.net with web apis on different projects as well as working on different desktop application of army welfare trust (mis-ho) with software team. - interested in websites development , e-commerce based projects as well as close interaction with the development using latest open source tool and technologies keeping web standards. - working with frontend interfaces and backend php programming for a long time, and i am utterly addicted to it. i think the real interaction of a user with the product or a service is through the interface. so i feel more responsible while designing and implementing it. - delegates and monitors work to meet and beat deadlines. - successful to meet new technical challenges and finding reliable and perfect solution to meet the needs of the customers as well as for company. - outstanding motivator and having ability to build technical teams. work both in team environment as well as individual. - quickly learn and master new technology, equally successful in both team and self-directed settings. - good communication & interpersonal skills. specialties      strong concepts in object-oriented-programming.     solid experience in core php and apache.     solid experience in c# and visual basic.     solid experience in asp.net with web api.     solid experience in mvc frameworks like codeigniter.     create and implement custom css grid systems and extensive knowledge of frameworks like bootstrap, foundation, and material design.     solid experience in javascript, google apis,web apis, jquery, html and xml.     solid experience in mysql, ms-sql server, ms-access,visual studio 2017. ,
i had devolved 5 project. in my project one is online working that name is physiotherapy. , dejure technologies , web developer 
i am seeking a challenging job where i can learn and  boost my career to the highest peaks of success. , freelance
specializing in web development. experienced with all stages of the development cycle for dynamic web projects. well-versed in numerous programming languages. strong background in project management and customer relations.  1. joined client meetings to learn about development of project scopes. 2. oversaw scheduling of project milestones and coordinated with clients on any proposed changes      or challenges to be overcome. , digitonics labs (pvt.) ltd , web developer 
i am ambitious for a great computer science career. i am passionate for programming and data science domains. i have strong knowledge of few but main programming languages like c , java, c# with dot net and other web development technologies.  i have done many projects in different programming languages for many domains during my graduation. databases and dot net are my strong domains with strong concepts of oop, data structures and algorithms.  i also have very good knowledge of sqa methodologies like requirements gathering and analysis, functional testing, regression testing, system testing, alpha and beta testing, load testing, stress testing, sdlc, stlc and documentation as well. ,
i am a front-end web developer with 4+ years of professional experience in developing the websites, cms, admin panels, the point of sales (pos), inventory management systems, web & hybrid mobile apps based on the latest technologies. i can convert anything into pixel-perfect layouts. i can work with html5, css3, javascript, jquery, sass, bootstrap (4), ui kit, shopify, wordpress, angular (6 onwards), reactjs. ,
after editing a friend  s website i accidentally discovered my passion for web development and i just couldn  t get enough       i went to every meetup, workshop and event connected to the it technologies.       i got myself into a full stack (java) full-time bootcamp (4.5 months). out of 160 people that applied they choose only 20, and i was one of the lucky ones.       enrolled front end course together with 13 girls from code excursion community (again 13 out of a 100, and i got in).  the only inconvenience was that they were both at the same time. made it tricky to coordinate extra workshops with 8-9 hours of coding (studying) every day.   it took months for me to realize why i like it so much, and then it hit me  i love learning n  w things, seeing new perspectives, applying new ways of solving stuff (   great minds do not think alike !    ).   i love building new things  starting from an empty screen and transforming it into the fully functional website.       how do i compare to competition   i have no idea. i am not competing with everybody. only with myself. 
looking forward to become a part of reputed association which offers opportunity for displaying abilities and talent, and provide room for polishing skills so that the process of constant learning and development can be pursued and at the same time, organization growth may soar. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in psd to wordpress, wordpress, responsive web design, graphic design, and content management. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of laws - llb focused in graphic design from bahauddin zakariya university.
i have done bachelor of studies in computer science from (umer basha institute of information technology) karachi university, karachi,pakistan.  i am working as freelance software & web developer. my main motives are sharing knowledge and learn new technologies and encouraging development of others to achieve specific team goals, able to deal with problems calmly and effectively & determined to get things done within timelines. make things happen & constantly looking for better ways of doing things precisely.  programming and development is my passion and sharing the knowledge with others whatever my almighty allah taught me.
specialties  web, machine learning, software engineering, formal methods  c#, asp .net , html, css, javascript, shopify , tasawer84 ,
web developer &  designer & it professional i have over 3 years experience in my mentioned fields with my knowledge and experience. i am ready to deliver you top-quality work. please contact with me about how we can work together. , alternative marketing concepts , junior web developer 
i am a computer science graduate and have worked on different programming languages like c++, c#, java, python, html5 etc i have a working experience in finance & accounting for about 7+ years and currently, i am working as a digital marketer on different internet platforms and doing affiliate marketing for them and also i'm a freelancer on fiverr and my niches are web development, content writing and social media marketing. , bilal_ashraf5 ,
i am very interested to pursue a rewarding career in the organization, offering my dedicated service as a member of efficient team in return for excellent training, invaluable experience and opportunities for professional growthi did my bachelor of science in information technology with a major in web development (php). 
i am a web & mobile developer also technopreneur with experience of building 1 startups right out of college. passion for developing and designing web & mobile applications especially in travel, social life, photography, and sports sectors. keen sense and attention to detail to ui/ux. opportunities to work in diverse roles in startups from product development to business development including social media marketing. ,
looking forward to work in an environment where learning new skills ,cooperation and giving self confidence is the main priorities. mainly, to work in the field which provide solutions to real world problems by creating software and intelligent machines. 
web developer , university of sargodha , web developer 
i'm a software engineer and i'm expert in programming. i loves to explore more and more within this particular field , i am enthusiastic and quick to learn with good interpersonal and organizational skills.  i know web & software development very well. i have developed more than 500 mobile & web applications.    commitment is the key of success, i commit to those things which i have expertise   s  
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in python (programming language), sql, asp.net, .net framework, microsoft office, and django. strong engineering professional with a advanced diploma in software engineering focused in accp pro from aptech computer education. ,
web developer  learn new languages experience new challenges in life , one click , web developer 
i am full stack web developer. working since 2017 at freelancer.com as web developer , muhamma33804354 app tech , web developer 
php , xaavia studios , web developer 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in data analysis, front-end development, mean stack, web design, and data mining. strong engineering professional with a bs computer science focused in computer software engineering from university of the punjab. 
a highly accomplished, skilled and knowledgeable computer science student with extensive knowledge of programming and computer applications and have a detailed knowledge of software development life cycle. looking for an opportunity in the field of information technology as computer programmer in a renowned organization. , self-employed 
i am frontend wordpress developer.. create customize all the websites through wordpress default themes.. , sky aims , web developer 
i'm a lead web/app developer  in infusion webtech it firm with demonstrated arrangement of abilities and more than 5 years of involvement in the field of web configuration and advancement and in addition the mastery over portable application improvement.  i'm speedy learner, pay considerations to points of interest and finish the assignment inside the concurred time period kept up quality according to the necessity imparted by customers. customer fulfillment is my top most need and i strive to convey the quality results keeping in mind the end goal to maintain long haul working association with my customers.  my skills   windows media connect, adobe creative suite, ab initio, vcita, 2d design, apache mahout docker,  1shoppingcart,  acdsee,  able commerce ,
web application developer with one year experience in hfr technologies.. |   full stack web developer |   mobile app developer |   laravel |   wordpress |   react native |   , shahoodahmed11 hfr technologies , web developer 
i am a professional full stack developer with over 7 years experience in the web technologies like html,css, js, php, ci, laravel, wordpress theme development, plugin development. i have 4 years of experience in wordpress and several custom themes and websites. i'm able to build, redesign, fix any bug and speed up your website ,
experienced web developer with a demostrated history of working in the software agency.skilled in laravel,sql,php,codegnatior,wordpress,jquery,javascript and wordpress theme customization. strong engineering background professional  graduate from the university of lahore 
 freelance web developer at fiverr. expertise in wordpress, html css, wix, squarespace, shopify, wix and weebly - bachelors in computer engineer from uet, taxila. 
 hello every one i am student at karachi university  department of computer science  final .. looking for a well professional and software development working in any side of software engineering . , self-employed , web developer 
 web developer 
 i have three years of experience in it industry, i have relevant skills regarding this industry, i am enjoying my field of work with different mindset, also love to discover new things in my industry. my portfolio's link below ,
i'm skinder mirza from baharia ochard lahore.i'm a professional web developer and designer at amz international. i'm capable of developing,designing and maintaining of websites. , amzinternational 
i am a computer scientist with deep thinking skills. i work or think based only on logic. i am a struggler. devoted to my field computer science. good at computer programming and software design. hands on skills for software defined networking(a new evolving technology).  i have an aim of achieving something different in my field.   -sarim javaid (s.j) , self , freelance web developer 
i have been working as a web and mobile app developer with local clients and now taking it to a global level. , upwork , web developer 
over 05 years of experience working as a both back end and front end developer using different tools and programming languages for developing software, websites, web applications for different small and large organizations. this period of work developed my research attitude to explore new ideas in the vast field of it.
skilled in python (programming language), django development, sql,  artificial intelligence (ai), machine learning, deep learning, html5, and cascading style sheets (css).   skill is the best degree !!! ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the staffing and recruiting industry. skilled in sql, microsoft word, php, asp.net mvc, and front-end development. strong information technology professional with a bs softwareengineering focused in it engineering from numl. 
cloud-native application solution developer and entrepreneur, having experience of 2 years working on major projects including laravel, aws cloud platform, micro-services and extensively android.  skills  docker kubernetes terraform aws android laravel reactjs firebase mongodb mysql python c++ kotlin microservices ,
graphic an web developer and have experience of 4 years. he know work on react js, html, css, java script, adobe photoshop, adobe after effects, adobe illustrator.   he is very passionate about his both career that are graphic designing and development. 
i am a  web developer and freelancer looking for a job.  doing web development using my skills and want to enhance my skills in this field. i'm doing freelancing on different platforms like fiverr, upwork, freelancer and peopleperhour. job as coordinator and lecturer at punjab college jhelum. also worked as lecturer at government degree college sara_i_alamgir.i am also working in web development as freelancer for many years and have experience in web development and have done lots of projects with different clients using my skills. client satisfaction is my first priority. i believe on actions not on  words.  my skills in web development are   html5/css3/bootstrap/php/wordpress. 
socialmediaguys gmbh , full stack developer 
web developer also a product manager i have been working with 3+ years in this feild i have done many project as a web developer , red cyborg , web developer 
i am a passionate web developer. i had started my work career as a instructor of web developer. i  am currently doing a job in air soft company and also a part time freelancer.  i have 4 year experience in html, css, javascript, php. i can make an eye catching website for you with hyperlinks, pictures videos audios and many more things such as a professional website. 
just started my career in web development based on my high interest towards it. html , css, bootstrap, psd to responsive hmtl, php,laravel, codeigniter, wordpress, research and content writing are my core skills. i have some expertise on tools as well that were in my practices such as opnet, eclipse modelling mars, jmeter, photoshop. in addition, i have strong written communication skills like i can communicate with professionals or clients  in a professional way via emails or any other medium.  my academic background is relying on ms software engineering from nust eme college. in my academic era, i achieved the target of two publications and both of them are relying on cloud computing concept. in future, i surely intend to do phd and further research in the same domain. in order to join any kind of organization i must use to mention that i have speech defect by birth but it never led me down in achieving my goals. i am passionate towards learning the new skills and to polish out my existing skills. for me, the learning is fun. one can learn well if she enjoys her learning. i strongly believe that the company success depends upon the hardworking as well as honest employees and i am pretty sure that i would be one of them. ,
i am goal-oriented and responsible web developer with over 5 years of experience. i have strong knowledge in php, html, javascripts, jquery, css, mysql, ajax, bootstrap, oop and custom cms development, backend and frontend development. i can work on different php, mysql projects from the scratch. ,
computer science engineer from kth kista. i currently work at pricerunner as a frontend developer in react. i specifically really like web development but i am into all kind of technology overall. interesting it project always gets me going.  at my spare time i like producing music, designing/painting in photoshop, game development and working on different programming projects that interest me.  i have a wide knowledge in it, including some hardware, but my passion lies in software. i like testing new platforms and languages. i am always trying to keep an eye out for the newest technology, especially in web development.  visit my website (digital cv) on github for more information  
experienced junior web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in databases, codeigniter, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), and html5. strong engineering professional with a bachelors focused in computer science from iqra university (official). 
experienced freelance web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, wordpress, jquery, html, and adobe photoshop. strong engineering professional graduated from mohammad ali jinnah university, karachi. ,
having a excellent knowledge of html,css.      good concepts of object oriented programming(oop).     knowledge of developing web services and relational databases.     passionate about giving best design and following coding practices.     good in managing time and organizing tasks.     career oriented, hard working and ability to handle multiple tasks.     quick learner and ability to learn new concepts. 
full-stack web developer who cares deeply about end-user experience.   i specialize in delivering high quality work efficiently. an ideal fit for if you have a tough deadline to meet or looking to add some veteran presence to your existing team.
professional and dedicated web developer having good experience in web development .i am passionate about to do work on projects and to inspire my client with my skills. experienced in  maintained client/server applications. hard worker and a fast learner with good communication skills. , naimatdeveloper ,
i   ve been working on it for all my professional life and have a passion for both back- and front-end. during great work opportunities i was able to acquire knowledge of several programming languages as well as several frameworks, e.g. c#, nodejs php, javascript, react, angular and vue to name a few.  still hungry and always eager to learn! 
i am doing my bachelors in software engineering at iqra university.  i've been working in iqra university oric department as a internee of web development. i've attended many workshops regarding my field i've recently got my certificate of wed development from usman institute of technology. , iqra university (official) , web developer 
i   m a front end web designer/developer and graphic designer, skilled in html, css, php, cms integration. i create clean, professional, functional websites.i spend my previous 5-year on websites development and creating all type of websites. i work for all size of companies from small local businesses right up to huge international brands. ,
i am a web developer. i graduated in computer science from arid agriculture university rawalpindi. i have html, css, javascript, oop, php, mysql and laravel skills. looking forward to work in a reputable organization as a web developer. to utilize my knowledge and skills for the benefit of the organization and gain more knowledge from it. i have interest in trending technologies like angular, react js, mongodb, node js and express js. i have plan to get expertise in that technologies. 
experienced frontend developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in html5,  css3, jquery, javascript, bootstrap4, psd to html, and have some knowledge in  laravel, php,wordpress . i am graduated from university of the peshawar. 
software engineer from university of karachi , having experience of developing front-end of web applications using html-5 , css-3 , sass, less, bootstrap,  javascript and jquery 
in term of ambition and interest i want to be a successful web-developer along with software development. i can't really decide what defines me more so i make myself to learn and work in both fields. it doesn't mean i have lack of decision making, instead just think of a sailor who learn to sail the ship along with for the worst case scenario he also learn how to swim. , sixlogs technologies 
i am a front end software developer and a freelancer with 2+ years of working experience. i am a javascript enthusiast and over the past few years, i have had the pleasure to work on several web applications using different technologies including react, asp.net, vb.net etc.   my pure focus is on the full-stack development and how to make amazing products using the ever-evolving technologies and tools we have available to us. i really enjoy working with different startups and helping them build awesome products that solve specific client issues for them. 
i'm a content writer and blogger for websites and social media. in this technologically advanced community, we need better communication online to convey our message and skills all over the globe.  i also work as an seo expert to optimize websites in order to get more traffic on the website and to get a good ranking on google. there are a lot of websites out there and no one knows about it because people only look at the first page of google against their keywords when browsing. so, we have to optimize our website to rank on the first page of google in order to have more traffic and recognition. 
experienced freelance with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in wordpress, wordpress design, microsoft office, graphic design, and web design. strong professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer software engineering from university of engineering and technology, taxila. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in microsoft word, php, c++, jquery, and mysqli. strong engineering professional graduated from university of gujrat. 
in a state of constant learning. eager to learn and explore more knowledge in the field of information security and technology. i have expertise in .net mvc web development, penetration testing and malware analysis. , cplus soft 
experience in web development with good conceptual and decision making skills.  seeking a responsible and challenging career in web development field related to my scope of studies with a great oriented organization where my talent and knowledge any significantly contribute to the organization's growth and profitability. , symmetry group , web developer 
i get experience in web development and web design , numan29909348 apply4u ltd 
experienced information technology specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industries. skilled in php(core/codeigniter), html,css, javascript, jquery, ajax, sass,bootstrap, wordpress, opencart etc ,
i am an experienced web designer and developer with 1 year of working experience in software engineering background with a demonstrated history of working in the web industry. skilled in research, microsoft excel, microsoft word, html5, css3, c++, and undergraduate from virtual university of pakistan. 
i am very passionate web developer and i wanna improve my skills on the go.i try to develop new types of projects to get my skills improved.
 software engineer , software patterns , web developer 
 experienced lead programmer with a demonstrated working history in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, node.js, react, angular, ionic, wordpress, pwa. strong entrepreneurship professional with a master's focused in web technologies from linnaeus university, sweden. , bishwajithalder 
 experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, mamp, wordpress, c++, and xampp. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science (bsc) focused in computer science from the university of lahore. 
i recently completed my bs (software engineering). i work in software house last 1.5 years along with my skills of wordpress, html, css, sql, javascript, photoshop, video editing, digital marketing tools like facebook, instagram, linkedin, and many more related of my degree. i done 2 websites in wordpress with web development series and also work with photoshop, video editing. 
experienced web developer & graphics designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, codeigniter, laravel, mvc, pdo, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), javascript , jquery , html, adobe photoshop and adobe illustrator. 
to be involved in work where i can utilize skill and creatively involved with system that help me achieve personal as well as organizational goals. , freelancer 
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in vue.js, sql, php, jquery, and ajax. strong engineering professional graduated from university of malakand
web developer at oogloo web and beyond! , oogloo - web & beyond
i   m looking for a challenging career in field of computer science to showcase my knowledge and skills in helping an organisation to achieve its goals and build an optimum long-term career for myself. i   m motivated and ready to take the journey.
i'm front-end developer with over 2 years of professional experience building efficient and scale able web applications. i've worked in extremely fast paced startup and corporate environments. i see every new experience as an opportunity to learn, and i find learning to be the most enjoyable part of my day to day work.  specialties   javascript  ,php5 ,html, mysql , css , wordpress , shopify , responsive design,e-commerce  adobe  photoshop. ,
i am a software engineer by profession and gaining experience in software industry along with i am learning new technologies and entrepreneurship. , nerdware tech   
specialties  javascript, php, html, sass, .net, wordpress, react, mysql.
experienced frontend web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in jquery, microsoft office, graphic design, web design, and cascading style sheets (css). strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer software engineering from federal urdu university of art, science & technology, karachi. 
i've been working as a web developer since 2014.  i've successfully developed online resume builder, web pages and logo builder, cms and enterprise level system under different organizations.  i have a bachelor of software engineering from university of karachi.   expertise   core php and php frameworks (laravel, codeigniter, zend), wordpress, joomla, mysql, mongodb, javascript and jquery, html and css. 
i specialize in front-end and back-end development. i am serving my clients with my strategic ideas and analytic solutions for their business websites. over the past 3 years, i have designed and developed a wide range of websites using html5, css3, bootstrap, javascript, jquery, ajax, wordpress, php, json, laravel and mysql including sites for startup companies/brands, small businesses, and individuals.   applied web development including all modern web technologies and frameworks. i offer complete web consulting, web design, web development and optimization solutions to generate sales and boost productivity for your online or offline business.   mission   i am committed to assess your web-based needs, identify the best solutions and develop an implementation strategy compatible with your organizational structure and capabilities to promote your growth and success. to achieve this i will   + provide high-quality services + meet identified time requirements + provide the best value for your investment + strive to achieve full customer satisfaction  i am looking forward to helping you to grow your business by sharing my skills. i believe in the long-term relationship. thank you for your consideration. ashraf , ashraf_personal 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in graphics, microsoft word, wordpress, communication, and gui designing. strong engineering professional graduated from univeristy of central punjab. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. currently working as web & app developer at fiver. php , yii2 , ionic
an experienced and dedicated php/mysql web developer. even though i primarily work as a backend developer i also enjoy frontend development and have advanced knowledge of js, html, and css. i have experience developing python and golang applications. also, i work in linux environment on a daily basis. continuous learning and new challenges is what keeps me motivated especially while working in dynamic teams. i believe i am a natural problem solver with a strong eye for detail who is excellent in both, individual and team works. 
i am currently working as web developer in fintech. i graduated from it-h  gskolan in goteborg june 4. it's a 2 year education in web development and cms. , waya finance & technology 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in 3d graphics, visual basic, photography, microsoft word, and php. strong engineering professional with a bs information technology focused in web page, digital/multimedia and information resources design from bahauddin zakariya university. ,
i am a web developer, content writer and blogger by profession. with having an experience of web development for more than 5 years, my expertise lies in html, css, jquery, web qa and  team leadership. ,
web / mobile developer (+8 years of experience), expert in languages such as html5, javascript, java, and php. production experience with modern frameworks/libraries (reactjs, reactnative, nodejs, flux, redux, webpack, etc.). - strong site-building background, specialist in usability (responsive design) and compatibility (cross-platform solutions). - hybrid application developer (apache cordova/html5 and reactnative), including android, ios, windows, and linux. - solid experience with server/cloud applications, designing to prevent hacker attacks and to improve big data traffic. - familiarity with restful api, and sql / nosql database technologies (mysql
to pursue a challenging career and be part of a progressive organization that gives scope to enhance my knowledge, skills and to reach the pinnacle in the computing and research field with sheer determination, dedication and hard work 
i am a person who always does things carefully. i am positive, loyal, responsive, friendly person and a good listener. 
with 5+ years of experience i am a professional front-end developer.  i am appreciated for my dedicated and quality work and re usable code.  i am currently top 10 css user on stack overflow from pakistan . this is enough to show my skills , ismailfarooq5 10pearls , senior web developer 
i am a web development expert with almost 3 years of experience in setup and customization of react, laravel, angular, other platforms. to date, i have created many websites, most of which required custom designed plugins, development, extensions, and themes. i can also develop mobile apps in react native. my aim has always been to produce websites that look beautiful and professional, are highly functional, load quickly, and are search engine optimized. if this is what you want, then get in touch with me. 
i'am in love with web development, i always try to learn new things. i'am working as a web developer and have made some cool websites and looking for more fun to polish my potential  ) , abtach ltd 
young energetic, achievement oriented, logical minded and confident person with proven analytical and problem solving skills. my objective is to work with an organization, which provides prospects in career development through broadening both my knowledge and skills. ,
fluent in php language, having 5+ years professional experience in web design ,development and database design. i have worked on following tools and technologies but not limited to these .    programming langauages  php, python, c, c++, java, javascript   databases   ms server, mysql, sql, sqlyog   web design and development  html, css, bootstrap, jquery,  ajax, json   operating systems  windows, linux   jquery mobile   php frameworks  codeigniter, laravel   content management systems  wordpress   firebase   git   adobe photoshop   microsoft office ,
about my objective is to obtain a challenging position where each day brings something new and challenging that desires creativity to solve it, which will allow me to expand upon my education and continue to accumulate knowledge, skills for the mutual benefit of the organization and my career.  my skills & abilities are   frontend development - html and cascading style sheet (css). - html5,css3 - responsive websites using css3media queries - bootstrap 3 - developing seo optimized theme - cross browser compatibility - web design - w3c standards and accessibility aware - progressive enhancement - photoshop - javascript - jquery - react/react native  cms - wordpress - creating responsive themes or converting psds from scratch - themes development and customization - creating theme options panel using redux framework - plugins development and customization - creating custom post types and custom taxonomies - creating/integrating rest apis - joomla - converting psds into responsive joomla website - customizing pre-developed joomla themes - customizing pre-developed joomla plugins  i am currently studying following languages    javascript frameworks - angular js - node.js ,
i have been providing professional php services for web development from couple of years with codeigniter and cakephp. accepting your projects means, i completely understands your requirements and know how to deliver good quality within quick turnaround.  professionally, i'm php developer, and i'm skilled in php, mysql, codeigniter, cakephp, x-cart sites, wordpress, html5, css3, jquery, javascript and c# .net framework and little bit skilled in java. and i also have concepts of oop and mvc. i can develop websites as well as desktop application. , xtroviz ,
currently a student of computer science. i have tried to explore many diverse team-building & leadership opportunities such as working in business development at jazz. my expertise lies in database, graphics desiging , c++ , java script, web development. have 1+ year of experience as admin asst and software  developer.  i'm eager to learn and to adopt to different environments. i'm seeking job for it & administrative opportunities in islamabad or rawalpindi. ,
i am seeing myself in a place where i can see the web industry to its peak 
web developer good motivational and  communication skills.     result oriented, punctual & hard worker.     good analytic and quantitative skills , systems junction 
web developer for last 4 years. but front-end development is my passion.  my skills set include   html5, css3, bootstrap, javascript, jquery, ajax/json, photoshop to html, xd to html, illsutrator to html conversion, wordpress          expert in pixel-perfect responsive mobile-friendly markup.       a number of successful projects.       4+ years of experience as a front-end developer.       availability & working hours (30+ hours/week)        organized and fast learner       hardworking, reliable and trustworthy  looking forward to building a long-term relationship.  thanks!!! ,
hi i have experience in this field proving many services web desiging,development,social media marketing, seo, bug fixing,php, theme editing/customization in wordpress mostly feel free to contact me before ordering , raufitwala ,
i'm a freelance front-end and back-end website developer with more than three years of experience in web industry. my objective is to work in a competitive environment that effectively utilizes my analytical, interpersonal, leadership and organizational skills to conceive and achieve solutions.  specialties  wordpress, html, css, bootstrap, php, jquery, responsive website design and high quality web development. ,
web developer , web developer  we create professional websites for businesses to increase their sales , engagement and conversations. , freelance web developer / designer 
i am a developer/designer. i completed my bachelors program in  computer engineering     from  sir syed university of engineering and technology  (karachi, pakistan) in 2012, my expertise are in the field of software development & web development. i am working in it field in general and specially in software engineering field since 2013. i have developed small and large scale applications as well as some free lance projects. my current job description also to make sure day to day it operations, and new development, assist and supervise other it staff as well.  specialties  finding clever solutions to complex problems in a variety of different realms. completing projects. php, wordpress, magento, ajax, java script, jquery. ,
fiverr , shopify web developer ,experienced asp.net core developer and network administrator with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in cisco networking, storage area network (san), vmware server, vmware esx, asp.net core mvc, nop-commerce and wordpress. strong information technology professional graduated from lahore leads university. ,
experienced freelance web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in html, cascading style sheets (css), javascript, bootstrap, php ( codeigniter, laravel ) & wordpress. strong engineering professional with a dae focused in computer information technology from askari institute of technology and bsse from numl, islamabad. 
i have experience in web development and mobile development. i have a great passion of working and learning new technologies on both web and mobile. my interests and experience are not limit to these mentioned techs  php/mysql nodejs/mongodb angular bootstrap , fiverr , freelance web developer 
i am a freshly graduated android developer looking for internship which leads to job in android to improve my skills and enhance my knowledge and to work for the company with sheer determination and dedication. , xiico software solutions , web developer 
i am a professional software developer with 8+  years of extensive experience. i am passionate about writing quality code that makes an impact and truly helps businesses and organizations in achieving their goals. i can easily work as a team player (pair programming, scrum) or as a single player with a dedicated set of responsibilities (gather and analyze requirements, create acceptance criteria, deliver the product to the customer). i am a quick learning person, so it does not matter if i do not know some technology or framework, in the beginning, i can accumulate all required knowledge within just a few weeks. my personal interests lay within software architecture, refactoring, and performance optimization.      back-end / services   .net core 3.0, web api 2.0, wcf, oops, rest services, linq, design patterns       database  sql server 2008/2012, database design      front-end development  c#, asp.net, mvc 3/4/5
a bright, talented, ambitious and self-motivated web designer  with a strong background who possesses self discipline.  a quick learner who can absorb new ideas and can communicate clearly and effectively. currently looking for a opportunity to join a dynamic, ambitious, growing company and forge a career as a first class website designer. 
experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in b.s.c.s from ilma university - formerly ibt. , innovative solutions , frontend web developer 
professional experience - web developer at edusoft system solution multan(sep 2014- feb 2015)  goal - to utilize my knowledge, education and experience in well establish organization. to develop creative applications that makes difference in million of people's lives.  specialties programming interface   visual studio 2010 and 2013 programming languages  c#.net web technologies  asp.net mvc 5 , ajax , jquery,  html, css, java scripting databases  sql server 2012 
software engineering , student  experienced chief operating officer with a demonstrated history of working in the textiles industry. skilled in web development and graphic design. strong marketing professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer engineering from habib university (2023). h
web developer , albarkasol , web developer ,experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in microsoft word, php, jquery, management, and html. strong engineering professional with a bscs(hons) focused in computer science from uaf sub compus burewala vehari. 
to work in an environment which provides more avenuesin the field of computer web development and front end development in work where i can utilize skill, creatively involved with system that effectively contributes to the growth of organization. , weboxy 
i m a programmer , self employed , web developer ,experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in analytical skills, logo design, e-commerce, c++, and wordpress. strong engineering professional with a bsse focused in computer software engineering from university of management and technology. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in microsoft excel, microsoft word, computer science, html, and microsoft office. strong engineering professional with a bachelor in computer science focused in computer software engineering from dadabhoy institute of higher education. 
peaceful and well groom person, and have alot of experience on different firms and a useful assets for them. i have an experience of web development and graphic designing as well as, and have 2 years experience in this field. intern in mksofftech and now a permenant member of this company as a junior developer. 
independent asp.net developer and it specialist.  my specialties are  * asp.net, java, c#  * c#(oop), asp.net (mvc framework ,webforms,windows applications) * ms sql * javascript, jquery, ajax and html5, css3, npm, angular5 with node.js etc.  ides  visual studio, netbeans, intelli j, matlab, adobe dreamweaver, ms word, ms excel, ms powerpoint  my projects      pak property     institute website lms (myiol)     adnan shake management system     resturant management system     final year project odi squad recommendation and match prediction (machine learning naive bayes algorithm implemented) 
over the last 7 years i have been developing web and mobile applications using node, javascript, react, react native, python, django, java, php, laravel, yii.  in 2012 i completed my master in computer science from blekinge institute of technology (bth), sweden.  i use the following interesting and latest technologies on daily basis.      frontend                             javascript, react, react native, redux, context api                           vue js,                           backbone js,                           sass
php developer  goal is to make my clients to satisfy with my work and give them the best work along with quality assured.  specialties  php, psd to xhtml/css, javascript ( jquery ), wordpress theme and plugins development. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in cascading style sheets (css), ionic framework, wordpress, html, and web development. strong engineering professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology. 
i have over 1 year of experience working in web development. currently, i work as flutter application developer.  previously, i was junior web developer at retailistan pvt. ltd. 
i  am  a  person  with  lots  of  ideas.  punctual,  can manage  time.  i  can  work  in  teams  and  individually  too,  but  i  prefer working  in  teams,  be cause  in  teams  you  learn  a  lot  and  get  chance  to  be cooperative  with  others.  i  am  also  good  at  guidance.   eager  to  learn  new technologies. experience  worked as an internee at exatex enterprise solutions pvt limited for the time duration 2 month. ,
i am a professional designer and developer.,having 7 years experience in website development with modern technologies like mean stack, lamp stack, custom wordpress themes and plugin development, html5/css3 , professional expert in php, mysql, jquery, javascript, angular js and typescript.   if you are looking for high quality website/webapps design & development at an affordable rates then look no further. because i will design your dream application with all the modern web functionality.  i never settle for delivering low quality stuff to my clients, and that   s what make me stand out of the crowd (my top rated badge from last 4.5 years on upwork justifies it the best     ).    i am always here to answer all your queries or if you want to talk further, just send me a message and i will be happy to talk to you.  thanks 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in psd to wordpress, psd to html, bootstrap, javascript. responsive design conversion, wordpress development. microsoft word, c++, jquery, and public speaking. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in  software engineering from university of gujrat. 
to obtain a position in an organization who can provide a challenging environment and opportunity to grow professionally as well as an individual. i am quite hardworking,ambitious and career-oriented.i am keen to learn new things and want to grow and experience myself in professional environment. , techbite solutions 
i am a computer science graduate (may 2013) with an aim to pursue career in software development. my areas of particular interest include web designing and software engineering. in my academic projects i have proficiently used php, html and database.  i have also used java, c++, matlab for programming. a number of curriculum driven projects were completed during the course of studies at university of management and technology lahore. salient ones include the following   1. implementing the virtual office for the final year project using php, html and database. 2. programmed and designed a gui in java swing for an address book. 3. programmed a java language for mobile (server) and cell phones (clients). 4, implemented and designed kk trading in php using adobe dreamweaver and database. 5. implemented face recognition using matlab.  additionally i have acquired work experience of using wordpress (cms).  my personal interests include jogging, music listening, watching movies and playing chess. i have participated in chess competitions representing my university at the hec intervarsity chess championship 2012 and secured the winning position.   i am also well-versed with working knowledge of a number of application software. ,
i am a computer sciences graduate and passionate about web development. php, mysql and wordpress are my favorites till now.  building quality websites and applications with php, html, css, and javascript. i have experience developing complex user interfaces for a wide range of devices and browsers. through the application of industry best practices, i strive to build well-tested, maintainable software that exceeds client expectations. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in oracle database, javascript, react.js, cascading style sheets (css), and html5. strong engineering professional with a bscs focused in computer and information sciences, general from bahria university. ,
i love web development. that's it.  to work in accordance with the true spirit of professionalism, for an organization that offers challenging tasks and opportunities for growth & career development.  php, laravel framework 2- nodejs 3- angularjs, angular2 4- wordpress 5- database managements system 6- designing(html, css, bootstrap, javascript) 7- graphics designing (photoshop, corel draw) 
experienced founder with a demonstrated history of working in the computer hardware industry. skilled in web development, photography, adobe creative suite and public speaking. strong business development professional. 
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in mobile applications, full-stack development, project management, amazon web services (aws), and team management. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused on computer science from muhammad ali jinnah university. 
highly organized and independent  able to effectively coordinate tasks to accomplish projects with timeliness and creativity. trying to explore more opportunities. , team reactivate , senior web application developer 
i am a graphic designer have experience of 4 year's in this field with have skill's computer operating, graphic designing, bussiness card designing, accouting, ,
i am front end developer with industry experience building websites and web applications. i specialize in javascript and have professional experience working with react and angular  .  i also have experience working with kotlin , flutter ,  and nodejs. take a look at my work or get in touch!  thanks 
a creative and hardworking software engineer focused on growing in the field of it. strong written and oral communication skills with a passion for public speaking. a fast learner and dedicated person to work. i like challenging work and want to grow fast in the field of it.  skills   c#, c++, software architecture design, mvc, asp.net, window form applications, mssql, mysql, front-end web technologies, html, css, javascript, jquery. 
a professional software engineer with educational background and experience in web development field. aspiring to pursue opportunities in software engineering field within a high-profile organization that rewards hard work.proactive ability to work independently, and a desire to learn new skills and technologies  analytical skills and composed in resolving issues 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the software industry. skilled in  php,laravel, application programming interfaces, linux, and amazon web services (aws). strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering (be) focused in computer and information systems from ned university of engineering and technology. 
i am a full-stack web developer from strasbourg and living in stockholm. i've build websites from scratch for small and medium-sized firms. my job evolve ceaselessly, which is perfect for a curious person like me.
experienced web development consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in html, css, javascript and agile methodologies. strong media and communication professional graduated from lund university.
i am 23 year passionate person to work hard and hate to lose its my aim to achieve goals through god gifted talent  ) seo expert web developer currently working in e-linkbaits. , pixel2graphics 
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, wordpress, web design, html, and adobe photoshop. strong engineering professional graduated from national college. 
working as senior/lead level position , utilizing my experience and technical skills for developing ecommerce (magento1x and magento2x) and cms projects and also mentoring the work of developers and finish the projects within deadlines and contributing to the success of the company. , systems limited 
vue.js (nuxt) & php developer   foomotion , foomotion , web developer  ,i have a bachelor's degree in computer science. i am a passionate wordpress web designer with a specialty in  html, css,  php,  javascript,  bootstrap & logo design with  3 years of working experience in fields of expertise. i'm also very adequate in maintaining websites as  i  am an expert in using  wordpress,  html,  php,  css, javascript,  bootstrap &  logo design. ,
a post-technology devotee, having a strong technical mindset, believes in self-learning and staying triggered all the time to discover and mend new things. this    go-getter    perspective has helped me to achieve various goals in my work career and personal life. years (both professional and non-professional) of hands on experience, research and dedication to work makes me achieve the best possible results out of any work for any organization, understanding of common strategic dilemmas and experience with non-technical clients.      skills     php      oops      mvc frameworks laravel     javascript     web technologies using (laragon, xampp)     bitbucket     git bash      front-end coding     html5, html     bootstrap4, bootstrap3     css3 cascading style sheets.       knows languages  c++, objective c, c,  php, sql, assembly ,object oriented programming. cms   wordpress. databases  mysql. ,
to work in a dynamic environment where my education, creative skills and best of my abilities are fully utilized and challenged. to achieve my goals by implementing the skills i acquired through my education and hard work and to learn to improve them in every possible way. , invision custom solutions inc. 
6 years of experience in web development , technosol lahore , chief executive officer  .it   s been impartial to join the best working community where i should be able to deliver my skills. , 1st tech solution company , sr. web developer 
i love programming, art, and programming art.  you can check the file below if you want to know more about me. , takhleeq business incubator , web developer 
self-motivated professional with excellent analytical skills, and has the ability to work well under pressure. good in taking initiatives and learning new tools and technologies. skills like effective communication, leadership, and solution design are some of his major traits.  professional skills are     web based as well as desktop software development     requirements gathering and analysis     software solution design     all kind of work in php code igniter, larval, c# and apache.     ms sql 2012 and mysql databases     payment gateway integration like pay stack, paypal, jazz cash.     sms api (sms gateway.me)     ajax, css, xml, html.     experience of working with crystals reports, pdf.     networking     asp.net(mvc4 ).     mobile application development.     good understanding of software development life cycles. ,
experienced senior web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in software development. strong engineering professional with a master of science - ms focused in computer science from university of central punjab. , fixit technology lahore , senior web developer 
i am an energetic and ambitious person, develop a mature and responsible approach to any task that i undertake, or situation that i am presented with. capable of learning new things rapidly and using the old knowledge to build defensive solution in a critical situation.i am a challenging person in computer science field.i am a creative and hardworking young professional focused on growing in the field of it.  i am sincere with my work. i can easily work with in a team.i also have good communication and writing abilities of urdu and english languages. i know to meet deadlines and do work in time according to schedule. specialties  c,c++,c#, java,jquery,ajax,angularjs, native programming in c++ and assembly language,teaching,mobile development,web development 
i am a full stack developer here. i work on high level languages i.e. java (fx, awt, swing), c, c++, python, c#, swift & others.  i choose to program. at the age of 21, had no idea where to start my professional career. questioned myself, about my interests but got no answer. back in my teenage, trivial interest of playing games on computer help me taking the decision. after consulting one of my software engineer cousin eventually, i transferred my majors to bs computer science.  while studying the fundamentals of programming, i realised this is what i wanted to do with my life! i really like the way of  ordering & dictating  a program to do, whatever i   ve told it to do (ps  don't worry, i'm not that submissive). and the program has to respond back with some results either positive or negative, doesn't matter!  programming & development has become so fun for me. because i do what i have to and i know how to turn the code into my favour. i strongly believe where there is a bug, there's always a way to deal with it. and with time & experience, i am becoming a picasso of it.  at present, i'm working as wordpress developer at programmers force, i find happiness in doing my responsibilities which includes core command on psd to html, psd to wordpress, customizing theme, plugin development, css, js
to pursue a career in a reputable, dynamic and growth oriented organization to shape out my professional exposure and development. , freelancer.com 
worked as web developer, particular interested in web development, open source technologies using mysql.to persue a challenging career, i want to be a part of an organization that give scope to enhance my knowledge and utilizing my skills towards the growth of the organization ,
i have always strived to be one of the best and i always take great pride in my work. from individual tasks to large team projects, i work methodical and always try to keep the customer values as guidelines for my work.    i have a background as a bachelor in computer science. i have worked with mobile content business from 2004 to 2011 but this is now a somewhat outdated technology. i have been taking care of my 2 kids for 5 years before i moved back to thailand in 2017 to work for a startup company. now that my daughter has reached school age, my family and i decided to move back to sweden in april 2018. currently i am studying  javascript, angularjs and firebase on pluralsightand.com and udemy.com for update my knowledge.   i am looking forward to my next challenge and i feel now is the time for me to re-enter the job market. i personally believe that it is a challenge i must overcome and it will be a constant drive for me to get back into the working atmosphere. 
experienced senior web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, codeigniter, web design, html, and adobe photoshop. strong engineering professional graduated from bahria university. 
web and mobile developer, have been freelancing for 3 years now with a top rated seller on upwork. i completed degree in computer science from federal urdu university karachi campus (2010-2013). i started working in it field in general and specially in development.   an ambitious problem solver with a passion for business, and who would like to join a team of like-minded developers. fahad has much experience of creating logical and innovative solutions to complex problems. he is thorough and precise in everything he does, and has a keen interest in technology, web/soft/mobile applications and user experience. as someone who takes responsibility for his own personal development, he is continually evaluating and upgrading his skills so that he stays at the cutting edge of web development. he is a natural problem solver, who has proven himself by successfully completing projects for it consultancies, software houses, web design agencies, and it departments. 
my motto is to provide high quality work deidicatd to work and client satisfaction delivered before client  deadline.  android  | iphone | ipad | laraval  | hybrid app i e-commerce |  php5 | wordpress |  html5 i 150+ mobile application  | 200+ web applications |   my android/ios mobile app expertise- - uber style app, home service app, package delivery app, scientific calculator app, social networking apps, mobile ads integration admob, - dating app, water controler app, phonegap apps , elearning , life style , quiz app  - google map/gps system apps, restaurant delivery apps, food ordering app, - photo / video apps,  health / fitness apps, preganancy app - travel apps , business advertisement apps  we have more than 5 years of experience in  android, iphone
computer science graduate from fast-nuces, lahore. currently working with paf to design and develop innovative simulation applications. , pakistan air force 
i am a web developer having a year of experience in web development. skilled in php, javascript,jquery, mysql, mongodb and other web development technologies, with a bachelor's degree focused in computer systems engineering from university of engineering and technology peshawar. ,
to be a full stack web developer was my dream. i started with basics. i learnt web designing and started working at a software house as a paid internee.  now i've 1 year experience of web development in php, laravel, codeigniter, reactjs, angular and nodejs. i've also worked in python for web scrapping. this was a great journey.  i'm always open to explore new things and looking for best place where i can use my skills. 
pinnacle enterprise , web developer and designer  .experienced php developer experience in web development using php, wordpress, codeigniter, yii2 & symfony always interested in learning about new technology, programming languages and programming styles. 
software engineer | full stack web developer | freelancer   i am a software engineer from uet peshawar and a full stack web developer, having experience of android development , web development, web designer and graphic designing. i am full stack web developer at amdni network islamabad, full stack web developer at sharp visions madina ksa, former web developer and graphic designer at innovision technology incorporation, former android developer at teknords software house mingora  and worked on fiverr. 
a strong conceptual thinker who has a keen interest in all things related to web programming. i have the ability and experience needed to design and execute projects for a diverse variety of users. i am committed to having an impact on the future of any company that i work for and possesses the enthusiasm and commitment to learn and develop my career.  i have experience of building fluid and dynamic interfaces websites using wordpress,html, css, js, php, ajax and mysql that are user friendly, right now i am looking for a suitable opportunity that will not only take my career to the next level in web programming, but will also allow myself to work alongside a very specialized team. ,
a computer scientist, i am passionate about everything related to technology. i  play with thousands of thoughts and millions of imaginations in my mind which helps me to cross milestones of life with fun and innovations , raaweek12 
m.s in software engineering, aim to  secure a challenging position in a progressive institution that offers continuous learning and growth opportunities for professional advancement in a multinational environment. a multitasked it professional with a proven track record of operating in a multicultural workplace with foreign investment and big national company.  highly motivated and experienced, with a proven ability to work beyond the parameters of the role and to prioritize effectively to meet deadlines. exhibiting total commitment, whilst offering an intelligent and experienced approach towards satisfaction at all levels.   technical skills      node js     php,laravel-5,symfony2,codeigniter,wordpress,shopify     javascript, ext js, jquery, ajax     facebook app, social media integration     visual basic 6    databases      mongo     my sql others     git     svn     basecamp,jira, task world     vm ware, virtual box      iis, apache     linux- centos , sureshamrani ,
highly motivated and hard-working professional. experienced in web design & development, customer dealing, project management and team lead. problem solving and bug fixing skills. solid written and oral communication skill.   can work individually or as a part of a team.specialties in angular-8, laravel, nativescript(ios/android), mysqli, javascript, wordpress and responsive websites.  i will design/develop your website with all the modern web functionality. , masterahsan1                            zaionsofficial 
focused towards rich user interface and mobile-based modern application development. ability to analyze and resolve the problems , conceptbux , senior web developer 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in business process, debugging code, google webmaster tools, product marketing, and product development. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer software engineering from university of science and technology, bannu. ,
i am a tenacious problem solver focused on making technology work. strong analytical skills combined with experience in object oriented programming techniques. i am an individual who turns challenges into building blocks to learn and master technology. , prohr pakistan 
i am complete dedicated work  solving your problems 24x7. daily communication, quick response, feedback after project delivery, real time support. major expertise in  business card designed logo design psd design   psd to html.   psd to wordpress.   responsive website.   full e commerce website.   custom portfolio / business websites .   wordpress websites  twitter bootstrap react native (android/ios) we assure you quality results. client satisfaction is our first priority!!!! ,
i actually loves to work in computer. i am working in wordpress, html5, bootstrap, css, javascript & jequery. and i am working on these since 2014. i have been certified from dzine vision ( software training institute ) in 2015. i have great skill with wordpress. and i for my clients to make or design their websites. now i am working in marketplace for full time. in future i want to be a more skillful than present 
a computer science  major who came into the world of computers and programming by chance and now want to stay in it forever. currently working on web development. , four nodes , web developer 
hi i'm malik waqar and i have done bachelor in software engineering and having 2+ years of experience related to my services. my skills  html5, css3, javascript, bootstrap, mysql, php(laravel framework), wordpress, shopify, adobe illustrator  services  wordpress websites ecommerce solitions graphics designing laravel development 
i'm a passionate web developer, working for different companies as a freelancer (doing fulltime job in a digital agency also). core commands are on php, wordpress, joomla, magento and opencart  a quick study, dynamic, and punctual professional recognized for successfully integrating advanced technology to improve organizational growth and profitability. a multi-dimensional it professional trusted by his peers/superiors with a proven record of meeting tight deadlines and handling pressure.  programming   php | mysql | javascript | jquery | ajax | data tables | json | xml  framework   codeigniter  cms    magneto | opencart | wordpress | woo commerce | magento | prestashop | joomla  wordpress  woo commerece | buddy press | userpro | social login | theme integration | theme customization | theme bugs fixing | wordpress migration | custom responsive themes | multi vendor  payment gateway integration   authorize | paypal | stripe | wepay | 2checkoutout | moulton  os   ubuntu, windows  freelance     hussain marketing network    intermedia communications    fair marketing networks    amron.pk    sams lifestyle    bonexia healthcare , nadish 
fresh software engineer with skills of laravel  mvc, angular js, es6 , bootstrap, jquery and databases. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science in computer science from government college university, lahore. ,
i have good experience building dynamic and responsive websites using html, php, mysql, css, jquery, and ajax. my areas of expertise are in building web apps using php , wordpress, mysql, laravel 4-5, vue.js and bootstrap. i've built many sites with complex functionality, some of which included   -invoicing -accounting systems -online payments -scheduling -customer relationship systems -content management systems  i take a lot of pride in writing clean well documented and easy to maintain code. i love building apps from the ground up but i can also step in and help on others projects when needed. i understand communication with the client is important so i make it a point to be as responsive as possible and report regularly on project progress.  need a developer for one of your projects  i'd love to discuss it!  thanks for reading. 
for the past few years i have been involved in one ios project after another, gaining experience and improving my skills to the point where i can quickly code mobile solutions on the iphone and ipad using the most up-to-date technologies and coding practices.     the more i live, the more i learn. the more i learn, the more i realize, the less i know.         michel legrand ,
constantly working on my t shape , spotify , ios engineer ,code author and craftsman responsible for code delivery in a timely and accurate fashion.   this includes working as part of a mobile team in developing features for ios apps and working on tasks and designs assigned on a day-to-day basis to achieve teams goals, including collaboration with qa, business analysts, and product management. 
hands-on technologist with 14 years experience, developing software for mobile and desktop applications for a wide variety of user communities, of which 8 years of development for ios platforms, fast learner, highly determined skilled with such tools as swift, objective c, xcode , jenkins, and javascript, as well as server side technologies including aws and linux. team player noted for a strong ability to efficiently navigate projects through the complete development life cycle while maintaining a constant focus on creating engaging customer user experiences. 
experienced mobile developer with a demonstrated history of working on highly-scalable solutions at high-profile companies. skilled in objective-c, swift, c++, arc, java, dependency injection, singleton patterns, agile methodologies, test-driven development, in ios & android environments. strong engineering professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in computer science & software engineering from the university of washington. 
bs in computer science from wayne state university, michigan.      currently employed at modus.org as an ios developer       previously employed at john deere as an embedded software engineer.       developer of ios application (myhealthkeeper) that allows patient to keep track of their medical record        seeking a fulltime employment as a software developer, ios developer, web developer or system analyst     excellent leadership,communication and management skills.     dedicated,self-motivated and hardworking individual looking for opportunities that help enhance my skillset.     willing to relocate anywhere in the united state. 
proficient software developer, with good experience in objective-c, swift, xcode, and numerous libraries and frameworks     well experienced in upgrading ios apps      has worked on numerous projects from start to finish     experienced in entire software development life cycle (sdlc) with proper analysis, development, testing, deployment and enhancement of the code.       an avid learner who is constantly staying up-to date in apple   s ever evolving ecosystem     passion for using best practices and making smart design and architecture decisions 
software engineer who runs a social media startup company. skilled in flutter/dart, objective-c, mobile applications, software design, scalable server architecture and software team management. strong business development professional with a bs focused in computer science from university of denver. previous professional experience in top 10 tech, defense, and multiple successful startups. ,
ios application developer with extensive experience designing and developing rich user interface customer facing ios applications, integrating with various database and web services using objective-c, swift and cocoa touch framework.     strong working experience on codebase with objective c and swift language with good understanding of swift and objective c interoperability and objective c to swift migration.     excellent knowledge in core concepts like object oriented programming (oop), memory management (memory profiling and performance tuning), persistent data and data structures, dependency injection, mvc pattern and mvvm pattern.     expertise in integrating third party libraries like visa checkout sdk, stripe (ayment processing), jumio mobile sdk (passport and credit card scanning), newrelic (analytics), afnetworking, alamofire (networking), swiftyjson (json parsing).     experience in concurrent programming with grand central dispatch (gcd), operations, operationqueue for responsive user interface.     experience in data persistence using coredata and sqlite     deep insight of ios memory management mechanisms and have experience with arc     experience writing unit test cases using xctest and ocmock frameworks     involved in the end to end application development process from idea to deployment using agile methodology by participation in backlog grooming, sprint planning, sprint review and retro.     delivered high-quality, high-performance
i learn and apply challenging concepts in software development because it gives me an unparalleled sense of accomplishment. creating and implementing solutions limited only by my imagination and available technology is my kind of fun. i live for the moments when i feel like i've contributed to the well-designed, maintainable machine that every code base should be.
i   m an ios developer who loves building applications that get users excited. i care about the craft of building software, and take great joy in learning new things.
i'm a people person. i appreciate interacting with people of diverse backgrounds in order to learn and share perspective. however, after being invited to the at&t developer's hackathon my love for software engineering and product development began. since then, software engineering has become an integral aspect of life empowering me to solve problems as they come.  when i'm not working i enjoy reading philosophy, playing soccer, embarking on adventures and occasionally the good ol' movie binge. while computer science seems to be at odds with spirituality, i've found an awesome union between science and theology.   lastly, i love learning, collaboration and problem solving.  languages  swift, python, ruby, solidity frameworks  xcode, rails, git, firebase(no sql), heroku, parse (sql), json, api, restful professional  lean product development
computer graphics and user interfaces  specialties  java, python, c++, objective-c, opengl, opengl es, qt, php, javascript, flex, sql, c# final cut pro, adobe premiere pro, adobe after effects maya 
over 9 years of experience in the area of software development for ios using swift/objective c, which includes understanding requirement specification, working on software design, coding, bug fixing, testing and maintenance. authorized to work in the us for any employer     swift / objective c       swiftui       ui and ux design experience       apple approval distribution process, adhoc enterprise distribution       apple spritekit for game development       apple metal, arkit       game development on unity3d using c#       server side programming using swift, java       rest api development       web technologies for mobile including xhtml, java, css, json, mysql, jsf       understanding of information security architectures and applied cryptographic protocols, and access control systems       setting up and maintaining dedicated servers on linux os       knowledge of professional software engineering practices and best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management
with my passion for innovations, solving problems and learning new skills,  i love working on challenging projects building new features that drive metric and boost the growth of the application. i have a strong mobile development experience with both swift and objective-c. i take pride in writing well-architected and testable codes.   besides technical skills, i am a veteran who has extensive military experience working on a team, leading team, communicating and continuously innovating. with these experiences, i have built myself to become a disciplined person, team player, achiever, and growth-minded person. 
i'm a full-time content creator based in san diego. i'm a second-generation japanese american and worked for six years as a senior ios software engineer in silicon valley companies like intuit, patreon, and netflix.  i work full-time on creating content primarily on youtube that aims to help people find their way through the tech industry and life. my youtube channel has over 300,000+ subscribers, with over 12 million views on my videos. through lifestyle, career, and tech advice videos, i enjoy talking about topics such as imposter syndrome, cultural identity, and emotional vulnerability.  i'm not currently looking for full-time opportunities in software engineering, as i'd like to concentrate on growing my business. i would appreciate it, however, if you connect me to someone who can help me do this.   if you or your company interested in partnering together through a sponsored video,
i have been a front-end software engineer since 2006 and i have been an ios software engineer since 2009. a new york native, now settling down here in austin texas. 
i love building things that i find useful and could possibly help others too.,my real name is nuseir. i grew up as a palestinian-israeli. hated it. went to harvard. graduated. got a job. hated it. started making videos. loved it.  nas daily has grown to over 20 million followers across facebook and instagram. now, we have the chance to influence millions of people with good products and good content. i'm on my next mission to build a company that will do that.   our storytelling / video abilities are unlike any other. we are fast - and we make unforgettable content. i am beyond proud of the team and we are just starting.  if you believe in our mission,
ios engineer. artist and habitual writer. , jumbo privacy ,a multi-disciplined developer with 10 years of experience, with a passion for building solutions ranging from scientific to entertainment applications. dedicated to producing engaging software that is high quality, well documented and thoroughly tested. embraces methodologies while keeping focused on the big picture. 
experienced ios software engineer, with deep knowledge of the platform's fundamentals around 2d animation, video playback, and camera capture pipelines.  some of my framework specialties include  - avfoundation - core animation , cbowns 
i am a product focused software engineer with a passion for building technologies that genuinely help people in their daily lives. at the moment mobile is my realm of expertise with a specialization in the ios platform. , mailchimp , ios engineer 
engineer, developer, critical thinker, manager for various associative industry demands  animal lover and proponent of all things creative.  i am passionate and outgoing about developing programs and aids that help business' and individuals thrive and advance in today's every day environments and challenges, markets and opportunities!   i have over 20 years experience of successful computer programming specializing in ios development (iphone and ipad), from the ground up. i maintain a dependable and exceptional work ethic and customer service mantra, balanced with a good sense of humor and love of problem solving and execution. i am very comfortable with working individually or as a team.  ~ deep and diverse management skills, from building technical teams to organizing development and product strategies to bringing successful business applications to market.  ~ sales engineering support skills  ~ software and hardware installation, support, and training  technical summary      ios (4.0 - 10.0) - xcode         objective-c         swift     github     object oriented programming (oop) and agile methodologies     sql      sql server     microsoft visual foxpro (6.0 - 9.0)     relational database design      windows, vista, and 7.0, 8.0     mac os 
i cofounded and developed pod, a well-loved ios calendar app that was acquired in 2019. before that i led ios development at asana.  apart from those projects, i've spent the last 11 years helping product companies accomplish their goals, with a special focus on the ios platform. i often work in a distributed team.
software engineer with it and design experience    specializing in mobile development , and ui/ux design  expertise in swift, objective-c, ruby, ruby on rails. skilled in adobexd, illustrator, adobe photoshop, and sketch.  programming skills      languages  swift, objective-c, ruby, ruby on rails, python, c++.     ides  xcode, vscode, visual studio, python opc.     creating ios apps with swift and xcode, including in-depth knowledge of cocoa touch and the ios sdk.     prototyping and building intuitive user interfaces with uikit, both programmatically and via interface builder.     consuming rest apis and json payloads with urlsession and codable.     managing concurrency and async code with dispatch queues
software engineer with a passion for technology and problem-solving. i have over two years of experience in ios development. i'm familiar with the app development process and working in fast-paced and data-driven environments.   my goal is to leverage my skills to build innovative products that can shape the world into a better place.
experienced mobile application developer(ios) | building apps, delivering solutions | detail-oriented, responsible and committed engineer |  mscit 
my passion lies at the intersection of product and engineering. i love building.               my career so far can by divided into 3 acts    act i   computer graphics  while at michigan, i was drawn into the world of computer graphics programming due to the pure stimulation of turning written code into a visual image. i spent 11 years in the visual effects / animation industry as a generalist, with a focus on all things rendering and shading. i loved that there was always something new to learn and several layers of depth to explore in any given topic.  act ii   ios  living in santa monica, i saw first-hand the innovation happening in web & mobile and wanted to be a part of it. i was lucky enough to learn ios development from zero while at originate. this led to working with various early stage startups and building mvps for clients. i was fortunate enough to be lead ios for studio tiu, which was featured a few times by apple under 'new apps we love' and 'app of the day'.  act iii   mobile + augmented reality  pivoting into ios, i knew that it was inevitable that my worlds would collide. with augmented reality on the brink of being a major platform shift, i have been very involved in the community and have co-founded a location-based ar startup neon. i now see product and technology through this lens and am very excited for what the future will bring! ,
i am a software engineer with a passion for web and ios development. i love being challenged with logical problems and using my creative and analytical skills to solve them. to me, software engineering is like a never-ending puzzle that solves practical problems to improve the lives of people around the globe. i'm truly fascinated by the power of programming to implement innovative changes in the real world.   as a full stack software developer, i have enjoyed using ruby, javascript, react/redux, ruby on rails, postgresql, css, and html in my projects. i have also enjoyed building a project using mern (mongodb, express.js, react.js, node.js) stacks. most recently, i created an endless runner game called dino forest using html canvas, css, and javascript. you can visit my website to find more about these projects at .   i truly love coding and look forward to surrounding myself with people who share the same passion. 
ios engineer / developer seeking to use my experience with sales, entrepreneurship, and development to help companies reach their software goals. along with my strong knowledge of ios development fundamentals, i bring an entrepreneurial mindset that i believe can help businesses thrive.
software developer and programming enthusiast with experience developing and testing ios applications and backend applications.     exceptional understanding and good knowledge of design patterns like mvc, mvvm, singleton, delegate, observer, adapter etc.      skilled at leveraging multithreading using gcd dispatch queues and operation queues.      experienced with various ios frameworks like uikit, coredata, corelocation, avkit, localauthentication, mapkit etc. and integrating third party frameworks like alamofire, swiftyjson, realm using cocoapods.      good problems solving and troubleshooting skills.     worked with waterfall and agile scrum methodologies and effectively achieved milestones.     familiar with version control and build system. ,
only available for remote ios contract work.,tested individual with leadership skills.interested in technology and working to be a better individual everyday. skillful in swift,c++,c#,html,css,js,php,python,sql and more. good in public speaking and management. professional with bachelor's in computer science and mathematics from cameron university. eagerly waiting to pursue career in the field of software engineering in a good environment. if you're looking for fresh graduates i might be one of your choice. 
mobile software engineer, focused on ios, with a passion for high quality professional work and creating eye-catching and also technically outstanding products.  summary in numbers  - 5 years of professional experience with ios development - 5 years of professional experience in software development industry -  80 apps in appstore, one awarded as apple's editor choice - about 15 rogramming languages experienced  i am constantly developing my it skills and working hard to bring software development to a higher level, taking advantage of many modern development techniques like  - continuous integration - automated testing - unit testing - automated app building - app crash reporting - more (even building my own tools, where available tools are just not enough, to bring the world class product to life)  as for the programming skills, i have solid foundation in objective-c, mvc and its objective-c related design patterns which gave me high proficiency in overall software architectural design (not only focused on ios). i have experience with hacking but also securing ios applications, which i consider to be an important aspect of every solid app today.  as for myself, i am self-motivated, ambitious with ability to quickly learn, friendly individual with positive attitude and problem solving skills. 
languages  swift, objective-c, c, c++, java, javascript  sdks  ios, android, parse  i have always had a passion for mobile devices and love to observe how people use them in their daily lives for entertainment, productivity and social networking.   no matter where i am or what i'm doing, trying to change how mobile devices can improve not hinder our daily lives is always on my mind. , adam13vy ,
i'm an ios developer with 10 years of experience building native ios apps. i   ve created and submitted my own apps to the app store, as well as been the sole dev on a team that did consulting. my most recent full time role was with ebay, working on the selling portion of the ios app.  i work mostly with swift, and have experience bridging between swift and objective-c.    i   m mostly interested in remote jobs, as i like to travel to meet new people. ,
senior ios engineer.  strengths  utilizing cocoa touch design patterns to architect/develop clean and intuitive ui/ux, efficient network interfaces, low memory footprints, and concurrent processing.     other skills  debugging, instruments, git, ruby on rails, mongo, photoshop/sketch, software management, program management, account management, qa management. , stylsavvy ,
i   m a passionate software engineer with overall 7+ years of software experience in the sdlc process which includes 5+ years of building and shipping consumer-fronted and enterprise native ios applications.   i   m currently working as a senior mobile developer at gap inc. in the past, i   ve worked as a lead software engineer and senior mobile developer. my experience includes retail, health and fitness tracking, infrastructure support, and technology-based products. i have successfully built and delivered numerous projects from inception to production phase.   i   m always interested in building innovative products using design and technology that can bring a difference in people's lives and the way they engage with the world. ,
design is not just what it looks like and feels like. design is how it works.  being a good ui designer and coding the design into the functional application is my passion.  working in perleybrook labs llc is a great experience to work from the design to deployment of a native mac/ios application. working in a startup gives you a hell lot of experience and i am experiencing it to the core. , beingbarath , , dcoder , ios developer 
i'm an ios developer - making mobile apps with swift in san francisco. i believe mobile is the future and gives more possibilities to people than ever before. i've been working at various companies - from tech startups to agencies, google, exploratorium, etc. i'm originally from ukraine and have background in physics.   specialties  ios developer, swift, xcode, mobile, iphone, ipad ,
skills / experience - bachelors degree in computer science - self-starter, able to design and develop independently and work with teams when necessary - knowledge of software development methodologies - objective c, swift, cocoa touch / uikit frameworks - xcode development tools - 6 plus years of experience developing ios applications, experience developing for both iphone and ipad - data integration using json and knowledge of calling backend services from iphone app - experience using apple's notification services - memory management - experience with third-party libraries and apis , serious_jackk ,
kapital bank ojsc , ios developer ,dedicated professional ios developer seeking a position at a company that encourages excellent creative work and client service. , capital one , software engineer 
software engineer with a specialization in application development (mobile, wearable, tv, and desktop)  platforms  ios, tvos, watchos, uwp, android  languages  swift, objective-c, c++, java, kotlin, c# 
lead ios engineer with about 8 + years of  experience in building consumer facing  and highly engaging rich applications on ios and tvos  platform. worked with some of the top companies like jp morgan chase, kohls  etc. experience is managing teams small and large and passionate about ios platform. , apple 
started programming when i was 12. never stopped since then.  i am software developer with four years of industry experience. i have written c/c++ on linux for most of these four years. i have worked across teams, in parallel at times without compromising on the expected results.  the latest weapon i am adding to my arsenal is ios development using swift. and i am super excited about it. my experience across domains and platforms has helped me design and develop end-to-end solutions  - native, web and mobile. i write code for around 4-6 hours every day, including weekends
    10+ years of software engineering experience      8+ years of ios software development experience       10+ applications on appstore and number of ios products developed for internal use       2 years of web development experience
after proving myself to be a fast learner and passionate entrepreneur, i have devoted myself to immerse into the software development world, achieving a great level of proficiency in different platforms.  i find myself comfortable working with photoshop, indesign, illustrator, flash, html, css, javascript and other object oriented programming languages like actionscript and objective c (currently learning swift).  my passion has been focusing more and more into ios development, i can't have enough of it. i have experience working with   - uikit - coredata - parse - third parties libraries - uimap kit - geolocation - custom cells - storyboards and xibs - testflight - mvc architecture - networking  i like to keep myself up to date with the newest technologies, libraries and conventions. , curvelodaniel 
my primary computer science interests are in human-computer interaction, application development, operating systems architecture, and ubiquitous computing. 
i build mobile applications that leave users deeply fulfilled. i pride my work on external and internal beauty. my passion for learning and teaching keeps me always hungry for more! holds a bs in informatics from the university of washington. 
ios developer  ,accomplished mobile software architect and developer specializing in swift and reactive programming on the ios platform. passionate about creating great user experiences, designing beautiful user interfaces, and writing elegant code. constantly striving to improve skills and learn new technologies.       ios app architect and developer since 2010      industry-recognized expert in swift, rxswift, and the ios sdk including swiftui and combine      fluent with design patterns, best practices, and apple   s ios human interface guidelines (hig)      experienced leading and managing teams, mentoring junior developers, and working at startups, agencies, and large enterprises      well-versed in publishing apps on the app store      top stack overflow contributor      developer of loc, winner of the 2017 appy awards in the messaging and social sharing categories      apple certified trainer (act) for the introduction to swift 4, introduction to the ios 11 sdk, and app development with swift 4 courses   primary skills  ios  swift, swiftui, combine, rxswift/rxcocoa, objective-c
detailed-oriented, responsible and committed software engineer with a get-it-done, on-time and high-quality product spirit, and more than a decade of experience defining requirements, designing, implementing, testing, and delivering complex mobile applications, back-end and front-end web development, using various programming languages and technologies.  technical proficiency includes   programming languages  java, swift, objective-c, react native, php, c#/.net, javascript  database  mysql, postgresql, firebase, sql  tools  visual studio
i am a detail-oriented ios developer, avid traveler, lifelong learner and adventurer with a professional background in multimedia, marketing, and paid advertising. the skills i have developed, from a diverse group of jobs i have held over the years, provide me with a unique perspective in order to come up with creative solutions. i enjoy development which makes the complex appear simple, innovates, improves lives, and/or helps the environment.  published apps  anti snooze | zo app  skills & technologies  ios development  swift | objective-c | xcode | interface builder | uikit | watchkit | cloudkit | core data | core location | networking | restful apis | json parsing | user notifications | unit testing | mvc | app connect | debugging | testflight | git | github | jira  marketing / paid advertising  pay per click (ppc) | google ads | bing ads | yelp ads | facebook ads | linkedin ads | campaign creation | campaign maintenance | campaign analysis | landing page optimization | search engine marketing (sem) | search engine optimization (seo) | excel | google docs | google sheets | html | css   multimedia  cinematography | photography | graphic design | video editing | final cut x | photoshop | illustrator | sketch | wordpress 
i entered the software development business with a passion as a second career. working as an ios mobile software developer at disney, voalte and omni enterprise solutions gave me 2 years swift, 8 years objective c on ios and 5 years before that with c.  these experiences included php, mysql, agile, rest, json, continuous integration and automated builds, and unit testing as well as third party libraries such as pjsip (voip), xmpp (text messaging).  and they included building, testing and delivering libraries of our own for enterprise customers. i trained in molecular biology at wisconsin, stanford and harvard. ,
i am a highly motivated and detail-oriented ios developer with a passion for solving unique problems. applied science (b.a.sc.) graduate with 4+ years of experience. currently concentrated on ios development. swift, objectivec, always looking for best practices and technologies 
specialized in ios development, full-stack development. mobile apps development using swift, objective - c, firebase, cocoapods, uikit, mapkit, corelocation, mapkit, createmlui, gestures, jdswiftheatmap, apple geocoder for both iphone and ipad. notable experience in web application development using reactjs, javascript, php, redux, node, various react components, html
ios developer from sunny california now living in sunnier arizona. target goals include developing products to improve the users' overall quality of life and access to resources.
programming is my favorite hobby and my career. i specialize in ios and love being part of the community. cocoa touch, objective-c, and swift are my best friends. in the ios community, i i also frequently write over ios development as well as teach courses over it. you can find my work at sitepoint, tuts +, pluralsight, sinch, my own technical blog, and of course - the app store. i've also done talks at numerous user groups and conventions over ios development and swift.
ios mobile app developer and amateur breakdancer who's eager to learn and create his own style.  ios engineer with over three years of industry experience designing, building and deploying consumer mobile apps used by millions of users. , zubairasgar 
8 years of ios application development experience     swift + objective-c     proficient knowledge of programming experience using swift and objective-c.  13 published apps in the app store. over 6 years of experience in the area of software development for mobiles and web, which includes understanding requirement specification, working on software design, coding, testing, and maintenance. hands-on experience with swift and ios sdk features and newly-released frameworks. ,
experienced in ios sdk using ios frameworks such as uikit, core data + sqlite, core animation, gcd and queue for threading and other core technologies and third party libraries, frameworks and service using cocoapods for dependency management.   familiar with ios development concepts such as mvc, singletons, nsnotificationcenter, protocols and delegation. experienced with rest api and json integration, firebase, customizing ui views with code and auto-layout.  i have a background on web and software development designing, developing and implementing online web applications using, java,  jee, php, with excellent performance in object-oriented programming and strong knowledge of data base.  programming languages  java, c, c++, php
passionate, energetic, personable, hard working, dedicated ios developer with background in broadcast journalism, marketing & communications. looking for software engineering opportunities. looking to leverage my skills and experience acquired through work experience at pursuit, fox news and gnyada. excellent verbal and written communications skills. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in ios development. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in information technology from university of utah. , homie , ios developer 
i have been developing on the ios platform since october 2014 in swift and objective-c.  with a background in customer service, i am uniquely suited for working on a team and with clients.  my passion for people and technology inspires me to pursue the collaborative creation of valuable software.  in the workplace, i make people feel valued and cared for.  co-workers and managers enjoy my presence, along with my insatiable desire to learn.
i am an app developer with a passion for all things mobile. my love of clean code and a smooth user experience pushes me to create apps with optimal performance. my experience at medfax has allowed me to create applications and watch them instantly being used by my peers. this has given me incomparable insight into how users think and what they want out of an application. as a result i have greatly enhanced my insight into what my users want, before they even know it.    specialties  ios, mac apps, user interface design, belly rolling. ,
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in swift, node, react, objective-c, express, and postgressql. strong engineering professional with a master of science (m.s.) focused in computer science with an emphasis in entrepreneurship from university of san francisco. 
i'm a curious, self-motivated and collaborative ios developer with a deep passion for problem solving, new technologies, and delivering world-class user experiences. i'm known as that relentless student who constantly strives to accelerate from novice to expert level proficiency with each new pursuit.  working in a team environment brings me a great deal of satisfaction. i have traveled extensively on a global level, and have an ability to bring together people with differing backgrounds, priorities and interests.   i'm always willing to take on the most challenging tasks, figure out the relevant issues, and formulate the blueprints that achieve resolution and meet objectives. 
i am an ios engineer with industry experience working on development and testing of ios applications for microsoft, garmin international, abbott laboratories and blackboard inc. i have also worked as an undergraduate teaching assistant with a demonstrated history of holding multiple leadership positions. i am skilled in swift, objective-c, ui design, sdlc, and agile methodologies. i have a bachelor   s degree in computer science from the university of texas at arlington. 
i've focused on professional ios development, and consistently interested in the best opportunity to grow as an effective software engineer, versatile enough to serve many aspects of software engineering and application development. during past years, i've been involved in more than 20+ iterations of ios app production, with the advanced experiences in following areas  - professional-level objective-c & swift proficiency - full utilization of auto-layout & storyboard, universally for iphone & ipad - also, non-interface builder dependent, programmed ui development. - wk(ui)webview based hybrid implementation for mobile client & server collaboration - core data, core location(mapkit), avfoundation, xctest, etc.  - developer & app store connect team account administration - app store & in-house enterprise deployment - minimal self-implementation of a backend to support mobile side  along with ios, with the intention to be more effectively helpful to the team, i've consistently expanded my interest in other areas like python, aws, linux, data science, etc. 
over the years, my focus within the computer science space has transformed as my dreams have become more prominent and as my knowledge has advanced.  leaving my mark as an ios developer drives my intention in all of my work. i have written 10+ ios apps including automotive app, tiktok game, messaging, photo sharing and e-commerce app etc. my ultimate passion is transforming a problem into the real workable code and bringing ideas to life, a combination of innovative design and pragmatic implementation.  my skills    + programming languages  swift, objective-c, php, c/c++ + ios native app development using objective-c and swift  + objc/runtime  + restful  + xml, json parsing  + realm, coredata, sqlite  + auto layout + social platform sdks & apis - facebook, twitter, instagram, venmo, coinbase + google map integration & geolocation  + text chat using xmpp, starscream  + barcode and qrcode scanning  + push notifications - firebase  + local notification - usernotifications + bluetooth functionality using bluetoothcore  + performance optimization  + project management using git
please feel free to contact me for anything from asking a simple question, reviewing work, making a personal connection with someone i know, to even grabbing coffee and mentoring. i look forward to helping in any way that i can.  five things that make me good at what i do    1. no fear to fail - allows me to push boundaries without worrying about the risk. i build faster knowing that i can get to my failures faster and overcome / fix them quicker.  2. desire to change - most people love their comfort zone and hate to change. i desire things to constantly be evolving. granted this puts way more work on my plate, but it also pushes me to better myself everyday.  3. imagination - i embrace my childlike way of life. i love to have fun, whether it is playing video games, watching animated movies, or even day dreaming of other worlds. to push past what we know, we need to imagine things outside of the known. mixing things together that don't make sense is done by using your imagination. i tend to come up with my best ideas after i have been acting like a kid for a couple hours.  4. devil's advocate - most people love and hate me for this reason at the same time. i will practice this characteristic when i believe others are settling for something that can be better. i love asking questions to stir up answers that might not have come out if everyone agreed. i enjoy ripping ideas apart, to find why the person really is pursuing the idea. sometimes i find out that they just are in it for the money and they didn't actually think about solving a problem.  5. passionate - giving up is for those who don't have a reason to keep going. many people have succeeded against all odds, because of their passionate drive. i only work on what i am passionate about. lastly, i am very passionate about creation and new ideas. i love helping other brainstorm and strategize how to make their idea come to life and be successful. , joalbright ,
software engineer at doordash focusing on ios mobile app development.   i grew up in queens, new york with entrepreneurial parents and went on to complete a bs in mechanical engineering at the university of florida after attending seminole state college. upon graduation, i completed a short stint in the defense sector and then transitioned into software development. outside of work i play racquet sports and volleyball. i also really enjoy learning about improv. i volunteer with the seminole state alumni foundation to help increase opportunities for students and am a society of fellows member with the aspen institute.   i'm happy to engage in speaking opportunities with topics such as  - breaking into tech - undergraduate education - ios development  myers-briggs type indicator  extrovert, intuitive, thinking, judging (entj) tools  jira, git, github, bitbucket, stash, confluence, trello, hipchat, slack specialties  coredata,
prolific ios programmer as well as devops engineer with over 7 years of experience, creating complex applications for ios platform, including games, health care, and e-commerce. worked with full product development lifecycle, with end to end agile bdd automation. proven history as a valued contributor to the development lifecycle, with involvement in requirements, functional analysis, specifications, coding, testing, and debugging. familiar with a variety of languages and frameworks, including java, objective c, c++, swift, xcode
i am very passionate about creating unique mobile experiences and quality applications for the ios platform. , obsessive-c lab 
junior ios developer in movieshowdown inc, experienced with swift programming language, completed several courses on coursera and udemy to complete and enhance my ios skills. i have two apps on apple store (movieshowdown & screenboom) . i love programming, it is my habit and i want to be my job too. now i am earning a nano-degree  as a full stack web developer from udacity, learning python, flask and  restful api 
experience          first mobile developer at civitas learning and honeywell's austin studio         founding freelancer at emaza mobile         tech bigwig at bigwig games, inc         founded and launched ptracker, llc, a provider of news discovery apps for iphone and ipad         crafting ios apps since 2008  current app stats (summer 2019)         apps crafted from scratch and shipped to app store, as sole or lead developer   4 iphone + 6 ipad + 1 universal (includes 1 watch app)         apps built but not shipped (prototypes, mvps, etc)   6 iphone + 1 ipad + 4 universal (includes 1 keyboard app)         app store apps i contributed to   1 iphone, 1 ipad, 5 universal (includes 1 watch app)         total app count   29 ios apps built or contributed to  latest side project on the app store  latest prototype (swiftui)   18+ years total development of user experiences, from web to native mobile. high performance startup teams, larger it organizations, owner and operator of various web projects and consulting businesses.         full life-cycle experience working with customers, end-users, marketing pros, department heads, and business owners to define requirements and manage expectations, communicate project status, implement and deliver
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of integrating multiple systems through various platforms and working with legacy codebase to optimize balance between tech debt and innovation. , drund 
eugene uses his specialty in ios to enhance communities & friendships.  he has been developing ios apps since 2009. , jet.com 
overall 5+ years of experience in designing & developing user interface applications, integrating with various databases and client-server applications in iphone/ipad application development using objective-c,c++, sql, cocoa touch, cocoa bindings, core animation custom controls.     strong knowledge in all phases of software development life cycle (sdlc) process, which include requirement analysis, designing, implementing, debugging, fixing and maintaining the software.     strong expertise in ios sdk, objective-c, xcode and its frameworks.     strong knowledge of swift.     experience in building and publishing commercial iphone and/or ipad applications.     extensively worked with storyboard, apple carplay, mapkit, core data
ios engineer ,experienced ios instructor with a demonstrated history of working in ios. skilled in swift 4.0, objective-c, xcode, git, json parsing, mvc design pattern, cloudkit and coredata. strong professional graduated from devmountain ios immersive program. 
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in multiple industries. skilled in swift and objective-c. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer science from syracuse university.   my personality types are disc c (analyst), myers-briggs istj. i am primarily driven by logic. i'm most energized by solving problems, being correct, accuracy and precision. ,
i am an ios software engineer who loves creating delightful user experiences on high-quality products that enrich people's lives. , allo 
i am an ios developer who is working at facebook. i have been a mobile developer for more than 6 years and developed an in-depth knowledge on how to use the technologies in iphones and ipads to build great apps. , whatsapp inc. 
professional with experience in mobile application development (iphone/ipad) using objective-c, swift, uikit, core location, mapkit, cocoa touch and cocoa service frameworks.     strong knowledge on development of hybrid applications using dart.     experience working in arxan technology to bitcode the ipa to publish to appstore.     strong working knowledge in object oriented programming (oops) with experience in programming languages like c, c++, objective-c, and swift 4.0.     extensive knowledge of apple's instrument tools for ios, passionate to work on memory optimization, performance improvement.     experience as a developer in designing, developing, implementing, testing and publishing apps on itunes store.      experience in implementing core frameworks like uikit, avfoundation, mapkit core location, core data and core graphic framework.     experience in parsing xml and json data using nsxmlparser and nsjsonserialization for display on the iphone/ipad from server.     experience in developing high performance ios and os x applications that respond appropriately at every phase of their life cycle while consuming optimal amount of memory using different sdk   s, frameworks
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in ios, swift, objective-c, ror, sql, rspec, and restful webservice. strong engineering professional with an be degree in computer science from hcm international university and advanced diploma software engineering focused in computer software engineering from aptech. ,
i've been building ios apps since my freshman year of high school. i'm skilled at ios development and have years of practice building great user experiences. i've also spent two summers working alongside experienced ios engineers and know what it takes to work alongside other professionals. , hawkeye 
highly motivated and outgoing with exceptional communication and leadership skills proven through work, club, and volunteering involvement. passionate about mobile applications and their integration with embedded systems. interested in an internship or full-time job at a well renowned, fast paced, and innovative company. ,
for over 20 years, i've built business solutions around technology. since 2000, i've watched the rate at which businesses adopt emerging technologies rise, which requires us as technology leaders to keep entire workforces connected. increased connectivity with customers and vendors must be supported by enhanced infrastructure including computers, mobile devices, cloud solutions, and media creation software.  over the years, i've learned and practiced the critical art of building bridges between technology and people. without people who are engaged with their hearts and minds in technology solutions, business sees little improvement. successful implementation of technology solutions requires deep collaboration and empathy. great business leaders listen to their people, understand their challenges, and find ways to improve technology. successful execution also requires communication and training, which requires an understanding of how the workforce thinks and learns, reasons for why the new solution exists, and a level of teaching mastery to effectively educate workers in the use of new technology.  these are the principles and philosophies i promote as a leader in technology-driven organizations. i have a strong reputation as a technical expert, but even more so as a leader of teams. i enjoy coaching and mentoring team members as much as i enjoy managing projects.   most recently, i was involved with a renewable energy startup. through this experience, i migrated a few degrees away from hands-on technical work and led the organization as a senior executive. the company recently ceased operations
just your average developer who spends way to much time finding the most ridiculous way to solve a simple problem  ,experienced ios developer with five years of mobile experience.   i started my career in the it industry almost immediately out of high school in 2006, i began by working for friends and family building pcs and setting up simple home networks. by taking on small tasks and gradually leading up to bigger prospects and eventually working full time in the field, i was able to broaden my understanding of technology which eventually led me to working on development.  since 2013, i have been working with ios development. it began as a hobby but quickly developed into a beloved passion of mine. once apple released its first beta of swift back in late 2014, i was instantly hooked on it. since then, i have been working very closely with the swift language and its development over the years into what it is today. i have learned much about ios and its respective sdk/frameworks and to this day, i still am extremely passionate about it and don't see that changing anytime soon.  over the years i've been working on expanding my development knowledge, understanding other tools and stacks better.  i am currently working on game development using unreal engine 4 as my hobby and ios development as my career. ,
i am a highly motivated ios developer who loves to learn about new technology and develop apps. i like creating highly readable and easily maintainable source code and enjoy all the challenges that each new project offers. i have worked very closely with many ios technologies like core data and autolayout, which you can check out on my github. 
senior ios engineer, zoosk, san francisco, california, jan 2013 to jan 2015  zoosk - #1 dating app, top grossing ios dating application for singles - productive member on ios team of 5 developers - ios feature implementation, bug fixes, and source code maintenance - alternating leadership responsibility of ios team - developed pebble smart watch application prototype that partnered with zoosk ios application( unreleased    hack day    project )  lead engineer, crowdstar, san francisco, california, july 2011 to dec 2012  top stylist, ios / android cross-platform fashion game - joined mid-development to lead a team of 6 developers - simultaneous ios / android development   do you know me , ios game that uses an objective c uiwebview shell to simulate a native application experience using html 5. objective c / html 5 / css / javascript - participated in full development process to design and implement features - implemented initial game prototype - lead team of 4 developers to implement full game - implemented keyframe animations and transition effects using css   modern girl, freemium ios game. c ++ / objective c - bugfixes - feature implementation  social girl, freemium ios game. c ++ / objective c - participated in full development process to design and implement features. - performance and memory optimizations   top girl, freemium ios/android game. c ++ / objective c - bugfixes - localization support on ios and android  etc...  education  bachelor of science degree in game development, full sail real world education
over 20 years of experience in it as a developer of graphical user interfaces and databases.   *focusing on the ios app development space the last 5 years.  *successfully developed and deployed 4 apps of my own in the app store.  *part of the team tasked with a complete rewrite of at&t's u-verse app. released on the app store december 2014.  *constantly striving to learn more and challenge myself with new and exciting projects in the rapidly expanding mobile space. 
ios engineer with 4+ years of experience and a passion for building beautiful, impactful products.  developer of hello world travel app - top 500 travel app in over 80 countries , instagram 
after graduating from harvard in 2012 with a master's degree in information technology, i returned to california to pursue the lucrative mobile application market.  i delved deeper into what sets objective-c apart, the ios architecture, and embraced ui/ux design ideas.  i found an opportunity to take what are relatively traditional it concepts and apply them to a younger, fast-acting, social driven customer base.  now i work alongside the best in the business, from the community managers, to the ceos, and the vcs. ,
worked exclusively with ios development since 2008, both in professional and independent settings, producing a multitude of applications for the itunes app store.
9+ years of experience in ios development, design, systems analysis, testing and implementation of various mobile applications using objective c, cocoa touch & swift 2.2, 2.3 & 3.0. - built rich user interface applications, integrating with various databases and client-server applications on iphone/ipad. - worked on ios enterprise & native application development using xcode, rest/soap web services, sqlite, json/xml, google maps, bluetooth api, social media integration, multithreading, cache management, location based api, camera
completed 19 hour course on  dynamodb **  completed 2 aws associate courses  ** currently honing my game dev skills using unreal 4 and c++. ** currently brushing up on swift 4.0  multi-talented and creative.   i have experience ranging from electronics technician to managing 5-8 person home improvement teams and multiple projects.  i have done the entire development cycle of a mobile application from talking to the 'client' about their ideas all the way through prototype-refine-feature addition - release.  i have monitored, interacted with users and implemented featured based on feedback.  my diverse skill set and experience gives me a unique insight into the complexities of balancing the creative and analytical personnel that must not only coexist but merge into a cohesive team if any project - being a pbs television series or a mobile application - is going to succeed.  i feel that the above diversity is one of my strongest assets.  i can interact with a wide variety of job and personality types as well as explain complex technical details to the average user. 
iphone and ipad app development with a minor focus on project management.  one of the few developers on the planet who can say they had a platinum selling, rock band open for a showcase of their work in a stadium with 150,000 people watching.   shipped apps for cisco, the white house, jimmy johns, nordstrom, and disney.   specialties  iphone, ipad, ios, objective-c, swift, go, project managment, pmi certified certified associate project manager, capm. 
experienced ios and web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in swift, javascript, java, and c++. working knowledge of web frameworks like node and angular. 
i am a full stack ios developer who graduated from indiana university with a biochemistry bs. i am a hard worker, and i like to feel passionate about what i put my mind to. i work great independently and with groups where i strive to take leadership roles in the interest of improving my peers and myself. no matter the task, i enjoy problem-solving, which is what drives me to meet and exceed my goals. 
i am an ios developer with skills in building fundamentally sound applications, creating great user experiences, and leading a scrum team. along with my software expertise, i have experience designing digital hardware and control systems.
i enjoy creating ios applications that contribute to society and enhance the lives of its users, as well as experimenting with new technologies.
i   m a mobile app developer specializing in ios. my skills include swift, objective-c and java. i   ve also worked with frontend and backend web technologies, and am proficient in javascript and css/html.
ios engineer with 3 years experience. i believe  talk is cheap, show me the code . btw, i do have sense of humor. i have an interest in all things electronic and all areas related to their study, but my focus and experience lies largely within the realm of software development. i am especially interested in ever advancing user interface technology, human interface devices and dynamic, interactive systems. 
ios developer since 2008, i've worked for many great companies and on many great projects, like workday, docusign, imgur, and more. i love building sdks, and am an avid believer that swift is going to be the most popular full stack language in the next few years. , jpmcglone 
i'm an ios developer with 4 years of experience, 23 years old, worked in software house for 1.5 years, developed blood donation app called  b-donor  available on the app store & an app for palm tree school in va, usa for sending alerts to the students and filling re-enrollment forms from the app.  also developed an ios app for the egyptian railways, which is the official app for the egyptian railways, and i've showed the app in cairo ict 2018, and was approved by the minister of transportation.  developed json framework for  payme  ios app as one time project.    solo developed augmented reality app for my graduation, for placing furniture in ar space. got b+ grade (a is the highest grade).    developed couple of old apps as  chat app  was based on parse backend but it   s now offline. facebook shut down parse.   full info are available in my resume. ,
senior ios developer with more then 8 years of experience in software development, ios application design (both architectural and functional), integration, implementation, custom components, deployment, and product support profound experience in structured and object-oriented analysis, design, and development solid experience in continuous integration systems deployment, management, and support extensive architecture knowledge and experience in designing different types of iphone/ipad projects strong communication, multi-tasking, and organizational skills motivated team player with a positive attitude and a drive to deliver results in time and within budget able to communicate clearly and effectively when discussing issues with team members and management  languages  objective-c, swift, c/c++, bash, ruby  frameworks  foundation, uikit
i am an innovative software engineer with extensive experience in ios, developing apps and frameworks using swift and objective-c. i architected and developed an sdk that assisted a successful startup acquisition. i developed the open source ndt7 ios framework that measures the download and upload speed for m-lab. 
ios developer / foss user / samurai coder / github user  software developer focusing on ios development.  mobile applications development for ios platform using objective-c programming language 2d video games development for ios using    cocos2d for iphone    framework agile methodologies used  scrum, pair programming software design patterns used  mvc, delegation, notification/listener, singleton, blocks control version system used  git (github), hg (mercurial), svn (subversion) 
ios focused developer with combined 5+ years experience in ios and web development. developed and shipped several apps to the app store. penchant for writing well-crafted maintainable code. interested in modular design, generics, and protocol oriented programming. proponent of the growth mindset. ,
motivated ios developer that enjoys working in teams to solve problems and bringing ideas to life. i am a passionate ios developer with over 6 years of experience. i am a product-focused developer with a good sense for great design and ux. my skills  swift, objective-c, uikit, interface builder, auto-layout, ux/ui implementation, apple watch, ui animation , patrickleeadams 
a programmer and engineer who loves learning better and faster ways of solving problems. i have more than 5 years of experience in designing softwares in cocoa touch, swift and objective-c. i also have experience creating restful apis with both node.js and java.  i developed apps, almost exclusively for ios, worked directly with developers and product managers to conceptualize, build, test and release the product. 
nothing is better than solving complex problems with clean, elegant code. i have a passion for design and programming. i love to take on new challenges that push me to learn something new. 
experienced mobile application developer with a demonstrated history of developing digital apps for various industry such as telecom, biotechnology, health-care, real-estate. skilled in mobile applications, ios, objective-c, swift, core java, sql database operations.strong engineering professional with a master   s degree focused in computer science. 
hi, i   m caleb, and i help individuals and small businesses design and develop ios apps.   since 2018 i have developed ios apps from scratch for several clients using the swift programming language and frameworks such as uikit, avkit, swiftui, and more.    i also operate a youtube channel where a share what i learn as i continue developing new ios apps with the swift programming language.  my areas of expertise include  ios app development using swift, uikit, and swiftui , cr_wells ,
sexagenarian engineer with deep experience in ios, swift, and objectivec/c++. actively looking for a  mostly  remote role (i'm 2.5 hours commute to nyc, but can come in from time to time on short notice).  passionate about ios development - i immediately embraced swift and switched over to it for all new development, and am loving it!  after five years of os x development, i crossed over to ios where i've been ever since. thus, not only do i have a strong background on all the legacy foundation frameworks used in both platforms, but have prior unix experience with the core os underpinnings. in addition, as a msee i'm quite comfortable around hardware, and built and coded a wind turbine controller a few years ago.  i also give back - see the over 1000 answers i've given on stackoverflow where i'm rated in the top 1%. look at the open source software that is not only offered, but supported, on both github and sourceforge.  i get the job done, on schedule, with the desired quality   meaning i can spin a quick release with reasonable quality if needed, or craft a much more robust one with more time. i work well with people much younger than me and constantly strive for self improvement ,
building mobile and internet stuff | currently building mobile experience at latch.  ios developer with eleven years of it experience and 6 apps in app store. ios developer, digital a11y. , deque systems
i majored in business management with an emphasis in finance. after getting in a bit of trouble for putting together some vbs scripts to prank co-workers (didn't start it), i realized i was in the wrong environment. i jumped into a web development bootcamp and didn't look back. i enjoy working with the ios platform,  coding, and finding creative solutions to difficult problems. , devineror 
i am an ios developer constantly seeking new challenges. adventurous, unafraid, and always inquisitive.  i am a creative and ambitious ios developer. all aspects of our society - our commerce, our culture, and our social lives - are increasingly mediated by/on mobile platforms. my education at the flatiron school empowered me to be a contributor to these transformations. i am particularly passionate about building my experience as an engineering manager  i am driven to fully harness the strengths of my teammates and to find fun, supportive ways of addressing areas for growth. i worked previously in the fields of fine dining and organic farming, health data business, and nutrition and food access.
a design oriented ios engineer looking to build some beautiful ui. interest lies in art, animals rights, nature, and sustainability. 
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the financial industry. skilled in java, c++ and web and mobile development. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of applied science (basc) focused in computer engineering from university of waterloo. , splunk 
with hands-on professional and student experience in ios development, i am a motivated and dedicated professional proven in delivering awesome applications.  i have been in the software development field for around 4 years (2 years in web and now 2 years in ios development) and enjoy greatly battling down challenges within a team.  i have a broad base of knowledge of the ios application lifecycle, as well as mobile architecture, trends, and technologies. my expertise is in ios development using swift and i'd love to do it remotely for a long time.  specialties  software development, mobile design, ios development, testing, debugging.  technologies  swift, uikit, ios11+. ,
a mobile developer from a traditional biostatistics background. i love building things from scratch and designing products of usability! i am always looking to grow and learn from experiences of giants in our time as well as before. i enjoy reading books on self-development, culture, and autobiographies!   open to chat and create new connections. feel free to reach out! ,
ios engineer with a proven track record of creating cutting edge mobile applications . created over five ios applications for the iphone/ipad that currently are on the apple store . currently working on the fusar ios app,  that is number one for riders around the world. over four years experience in mobile applications development. 
i love to explore, understand, and learn how different technologies actually function behind the scene. specifically, i am a huge fan of ios mobile development. being able to make both visual and actual impacts to users via mobile applications means a lot to me!  besides technology, i love playing sports. huge lakers fan, love both watching and playing tennis, and i play badminton sometimes! ,
specialties  ios, user experience, api development, mobile development, git , i'm currently a mobile app developer (iphone, ipad, android) with plenty of experience building things for the web.  my most notable recent apps are the rackspace cloud iphone and ipad apps.  i'm also active in the bay area cloud computing community and extremely active on twitter as  greenisus.  specialties  objective-c/cocoa touch iphone sdk development, ruby on rails, java, j2ee, jsp/servlets, ajax, struts, c/c++, uml, xml, html/javascript, css, agile development, rational design process, sql in oracle, mysql and ms sql server, unix
strongloop  mobile developer / developer evangelist   - appcelerator  lead sales/solutions engineer - direct enterprise/ oem / isv / partner   professional services engineer appcelerator titanium platform  - blockdot  director dev - mobile/web apps and games - aa, post, leo burnett, nbc universal  mobile & web (iphone, android, flash, c# xna   ( obj-c, c++, c#, java, as3/flash ) )  - american airlines app - iphone/android ( obj-c, java )  - simply organic recipe app - iphone ( obj-c )  - land of the lost - iphone (nbc universal studios ) ( obj-c, c++ )  - chicktionary, chicktionary lite, chicktionary halloween  - the adventures of khaki pants pete! - flash, android, iphone ( obj-c, c++
i've been working as a senior ios developer for over 8 years and have been responsible for creating, developing and maintaining applications used by millions of people. i have also worked as a scrum master, project leader and provided mentoring for junior engineers.  having worked with objective-c and swift and having migrated apps from one to the other helped me strengthen my ios development skills and core mobile architecture knowledge. and it also gave me the chance to work with tools like fastlane, circle ci, jenkins and others.  i'm also very inclined to make our development lives easier by creating scripts that automate routine tasks. in the past i created scripts that would setup a new app from scratch by creating the app in apple development portal and itunes connect, generated all the required provisioning profiles and setup push notifications in aws, and generate app builds per environment, triggering ci jobs and automatically uploading the builds to itunes connect notifying all the testers.  i have published several personal and work apps to the app store and know very well how the process works and the pain points behind it.  i love to contribute to open source projects and have been active on stack-overflow for a while now.  i've also been a scrum master/project leader for over 5 years helping lead over 60 people for international projects for large multinational companies like johnson & johnson, monsanto, coca cola, henry schein, divx, rdi, mcdonalds, etc.  extensive experience with team management, project prospecting, client relationship, backlog creation
i am a mobile app software engineer and i love building apps for your phone. i am well versed  in objective-c, swift and ios. 
i am a proud ios mobile development graduate of pursuit's 3rd ios cohort.   i now build iphone apps. i used to manage small biz earned and paid campaigns. , the wing 
ios engineer with 7 years of experience in mobile application development  i   m an ios developer and content creator on youtube, the host of the ios building blocks podcast, and the creator the slef brand.   i   m dependable, honest, have a strong attention to detail, and i   m passionate about my profession developing ios (apple) mobile apps. creating something     out of nothing     is absolutely amazing and so much fun! i have an eye for quality ui/ux, and love bringing it to life on the screen of apple devices.
i am an ios developer and i absolutely enjoy learning new ways to build cool and interesting stuff! i have experience with designing user interfaces, implementing apis and external frameworks/libraries such as cocoapods to build ios applications.   before discovering the wonderful world of tech, i was pursuing a career in accounting. as an accounting professional i helped clients ensure that their financial records were accurate by performing tests and communicating with them on any inconsistencies.   as a student at st. john's university, i had the opportunity to work with clients like be the best sport and ladies of charity of the united states of america to provide marketing strategies that increased engagement in those organizations. i was also a part of the  enterprise development, program impact audits and budgeting team at st. john's global microloan program, creating tools to measure the impact of the program's loans on borrowers.   transitioning into to tech has taught me to be an open-minded, motivated and a determined learner.  )  skills/specialties  objective-c, swift, ios sdk, restful apis, json, github, git, ux/ui, auto layout, object oriented programming (oop), functional reactive programming(frp), core data 
to develop innovating and user friendly application in the guidance of hci of any ubiquitous devices.  i am ambitious, creative, and very curious. my objectives are to learn more about my craft, build effective solutions, and make a change. love iot, open source, hardware, restful services, crypto, and public transit.
i have a strong passion for developing native ios applications and have successfully launched many applications to the apple app store.  i have various skills in many verticals of application development coming from a consulting company background.  i am self-motivated and love to jump into new projects that can utilize my skill and expertise. i follow best practices in the industry and believe in code literacy and can adapt quickly to technologies in the ios space.  skills in ios   mvc rest client service layers service layers core data custom uiappearance objects autolayout adhere to new york times ios style guidelines. git 
seasoned it professional with 10 years of experience spanning 50+ ios projects. keen technical abilities ranging from code writing and debugging to testing and seamless module integration.  some of my skills include   swift & objective-c - i have a strong knowledge on both languages.  social - i have worked on several applications that make use of social integration features like, chat, boards, messaging (similar to email but, in-app), etc...   geolocation - i have done many projects that use geolocation for locating the location of the device and displaying the location on a map.  restful api - most of the apps i have written have had some form of restful api to communicate with, using json and bjson.  animations - animations using core animation to more complex animations using  after effects  and lottie.  maps - i have used apple mapkit, google maps sdk, and mapbox for mapping features.  transitions - i have developed custom transitions between view controllers.  git - i have strong knowledge of git source code repository.  xmpp - i have developed a few apps that use xmpp protocol for a chat feature.  deep linking - provides the application owner to create  web  links that navigate the customer from the web to somewhere inside an application. 
uc berkeley graduate (class of fall 19) major  computer science & minor  education.  as a huge activist of feminism, education, and equality, i am eager to contribute my skills to build products that can increase accessibility to education. i would love to work in an industry related to socio-technology and/or edtech.
professional software engineer with a master   s degree in computer science and nine years of experience in software development implementing various technologies. exceptional problem solver with the versatility to meet changing business demands and anticipate possible issues. ability to create positive customer and coworker interactions with excellent communication skills. , bomjkolyadun aura 
born and raised in hawaii, i now currently reside in provo, ut.  over the past two years, my desire to learn and code has only grown exponentially nigh to obsession.  i have found that besides focusing on great code and user experience, my true passion for development is creating technology that allows people to leverage technology to enrich and make a positive difference in their lives.
specialist ios engineer with strong experience in both international and domestic teams. have been an integral part of engineering teams through agile transformations as well as complete rebrands and refactoring projects.  i believe that modularization and automation are key components to a successful engineering team. thus, i have a strong desire to enable team members to write clean and concise code that can be easily tested. enterprise application teams require a standard that can only be met through these two key components.  i am thoroughly invested in learning and using the latest and greatest technologies available for all platforms, for apple and backend services.  apple ecosystem specifics  swift, objective-c, ios, tvos, watchkit, cocoapod frameworks, alamofire (nsurlsession wrapper), storekit, coredata, avplayer, mapkit, bitrise ci/cd.  general technical capabilities  microservices, node.js, mongodb, kubernetes
i solve problems, increase efficiency, and think like the user.  ever since i was young, i've had a knack for coming up with effective solutions to problems that are tough to solve. when i was young i hated feeding my dog. i had to scoop his food out of a bucket with a little cup 3 times a day and it left my hands smelling terrible. i grew tired of the current process and decided to make a change. i invented and built a automatic dog feeder for an invention convention and placed first. in college, i created a website that made the class enrollment system more efficient and easier for the students at my university.   i find inefficiencies like this all the time and fix them. it's who i am. , sacksonsacks 
i'm a self-taught coder in love with code aesthetics and clean, modular architecture. i started in java and within a few weeks, dived into 2gb of java ee source-code for liferay, where i was first exposed to full-stack engineering and was mentored to scrutinize my own code and code meticulously.  after spending one month to teach myself objective-c, the ios framework, and releasing an app, i became an ios developer. during this time, i also taught myself many web languages and technologies, and eventually fell in love with angularjs, nodejs, and meteorjs. spending most of my free time watching tech talks and always curious to learn more, i keep up with software development technologies and try to employ them in my work.  as i follow swift evolution and the continual improvement of the language, i'm a big fan of swift for compiled code and try to write new components and modules in swift, having done so for both mophie and apple carekit & researchkit apps including epiwatch, molemapper, mpower, texas medical center postsurgical care app
i'm a greater believer in luck, and i find the harder i work the more i have of it.  2)    now that it's all over, what did you really do yesterday that's worth mentioning     3)  the early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese. 
hands on, passionate leader with an expertise in mobile engineering. directly responsible for 10 engineers, including career growth planning, weekly 1 1s and resource allocation. indirectly responsible for 20 additional engineers, including planning product work and making sure technical debt is addressed. especially successful at growing startups from the ground up. 10+ years professional experience across several different projects, from swift to node.js. huge focus on testing and creating automation tools to improve developer efficiency. constantly in the trenches with the team and uses data to drive business decisions. hobbies include boating, working on home renovation projects and chasing around his toddler. 
leadership, creativity, and mobile product development  i strive for experiences that will further develop these skills.   i love thinking outside of the box, brainstorming radical ideas, creating products, and working with curious people. i can hustle, attempt to make people laugh, and stay positive under pressure. i also support all women in technology and entrepreneurship. if you are ready to take a risk and pursue your passion, i would love to hear your story.   this is often talked about when it comes to women and programming... hey women, programming is fun! seriously,
software engineer with +13 years of experience creating software professionally and +17 years writing code.   specialized in mobile development, particularly ios. creating apps while working remotely since 2009. several apps published to the app store and play store.  i have experience in leading teams and mentoring other developers. i love learning from my peers and teaching when i can. i am constantly pushing towards building high quality and maintainable products.  languages  swift, objective-c, c#. education  2 computer science degrees.  open to remote positions only.
started my career with ios in 2014 and passionately working on the same technology since then. i know, there are lot many things to learn in ios and lot more to come. i started learning swift and grab the command over language to stay updated.  experience summary      over 2.7+ years of experience in development of mobile applications (ios).     i have expertise on variety of technology that an apple device supports. i take care of application from start to final app store release. developed 15+ ios application during entire carrier.  my knowledge graph      strong knowledge of objective-c, swift and most cocoa frameworks     familiar with ios design patterns and coding conventions     apple   s human interface guidelines and app store     experience working with 3rd party libraries     payment gateways (paypal integration and others)     web services(restful, soap) integration with response type json, xml      local notification, push notification with in depth knowledge     dropbox,icloud,google drive integration     in app purchase integration.     core location and geo fencing implementation.     camera api, audio api,      qr code, bar code scanning.     worked with core animations, gestures (pan, pinch, tap, rotate)     persistance storage  sqlite, coredata, plist     social network integration (facebook,twitter 
i   m the creator of we read too, mobile app directory of children   s and young adult books with main characters of color written by authors of color. as a developer i hope to contribute to and create software that is positively impacting peoples    lives.
experienced mobile developer with over 15 ios apps to her credit.   i'm an ios developer who loves creating beautiful and interactive experiences that are communicative and helpful. i   m compelled by the possibilities that open up at the intersection between technology and art, and i love working with skilled teams to create slick products! 
i strive to be better at what i do and what i do now is code in swift.  getting a job would be nice too.  experienced ios and android developer with a demonstrated history of working in the iot and gaming industry. skilled in live video and audio streaming, user experience, user interface designs, restful apis, bluetooth low energy communication, location, performance, and analytics tracking. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree in applied mathematics from university of california, berkeley. ,
a dedicated and passionate ios developer who has developed and deployed multiple apps into appstore to compete with the current technology and market. 
hello! my name is haskel ash. i   m a software developer in los angeles.  i am an expert in modularization, i use test driven development, and i hold myself to code coverage standards. though my expertise is in ios development (5 years), i have experience in a wide array of technologies and have worked on frontend and backend, mobile and web projects. while working in familiar territory is enjoyable, i like to challenge myself and learn new technologies with each project. whether it's achieving local persistence, implementing beautiful animations, working with audio/visual input streams, or finding clever ways to make creative user interfaces, i thrive in situations that allow me to explore new waters. when i'm not creating software, i   m playing board games or video games, hosting friends for shabbat dinner (it   s a jewish thing), getting involved in my local community, or learning math. 
software engineer with strong experience in application development using various technologies and platforms. currently working in ios mobile app development.  5 years of experience in mobile application development in ios using objective c, swift. strong multithreading and core data experience. also have good experience creating custom ui.  extensive enterprise application development experience (9+ years) in java, .net (c#) technology stack.  worked in all phases of application development lifecycle including requirement analysis, design & architecture, implementation & testing, following agile development methodology
currently developing a swift ios app for a fantasy sports company.  lead ios developer with 4 years experience developing apps for iphone and ipad.  multi-year experience developing secure mobile apps for the finance industry in an agile development environment. , akyra 
live as if you were to die tomorrow. learn as if you were to live highly-motivated senior ios engineer. well-versed in various object-oriented programming languages and development methodologies.  main technologies  swift, objective-c, ios frameworks, tvos, watchos, agile, git ,
i am interested in using computers and technology to solve real world problems and improve the way people use and interact with software.  specialties  software engineering, reverse engineering, and everything in-between, also poking things with a stick. , michaellink7 
i've been writing ios applications since 2011, with expertise in software architecture design and implementation.
i'm an ios developer always looking for the next challenge. i love trying new things and not sitting still for long periods of time. i have multiple apps on the app store.
mobile technologist with demonstrated ability to develop products for both consumer and industry clients. resourceful software architect whose work has earned two patents. proven technical leader capable of shepherding an idea from inception and product development through to delivery. software engineering manager experienced in building and supervising successful international cross-site teams. clear communicator able to inspire diverse group of team members into performing cohesively and above expectations.  specialties  mobile applications, health and wellness. 
mobile app developer, who has a good experience in developing native ios applications using swift, objective c for iphone, ipad and tvos and has a very good knowledge in frameworks like cocoa touch, xcuitest, interface builder, xcode. expertise in automating native ios and tvos applications using swift and objective with xcuitest framework. having knowledge in developing automated scripts for android using espresso. expertise in developing an entire project from scratch. 
theres a lot more to my experience not reflected here.  resume available upon request  - do ask **  background   - over 40 apps in the store ios developer and a well rounded seasoned professional.  hands on technical lead   in the development and implementation multiple mobile applications.  proven experience working in a collaborative multitask environment. over 6+ year of  ios development from large to small organizations, including startups.   *** ios development - objective c/swift 3/4 *** back end architecture *** *** full stack web technologies *** *** blockchain - wallet/non-fungible tokens(nft) ***  storyboards, acr, uikit, xml and json,core data, core location, avfoundation, map kit, web services, xml, json, git, svn, blocks, grand central dispatch and instruments features such as memory allocation monitoring and much more...  previous work history   blockchain, healthtech,  pharmaceutical
currently a sophomore studying computer science at the university of southern california. an experienced mobile developer with 3+ years of experience developing advanced ios applications. extensive knowledge in database design, algorithms, and data structures
i'm a self-taught developer looking for the next cool project.  i've been working on ios for roughly 10 years on an assortment personal and contract positions.  most recently, i was the lead ios developer for forsta, inc.  i'm happy to work in swift or objective c, but not opposed to working outside of the native ios world as required to get things done.  currently, i'm learning react native.  recruiters   please do not contact me about positions which require relocation outside of the treasure valley, idaho area.  i will consider temporary relocation transitioning to remote. 
hello, my name is shawn. i am a native ios developer with highly experienced and skilled in ios development. the project i   ve worked with is following sdlc processes and agile environment. i worked with many third party libraries such as alamofire, crashlytics, twmessagebar, iqkeyboardmanagerswift, lgsidemenucontroller and used software such as sketch to design ui screens, icons, uinavigationbar and uibuttons.  i have worked with both swift and objective-c and been good at using cocoa touch frameworks such as the core data framework and core location. i   ve worked with many api   s including google maps and dark sky, and some other restful apis. i   ve worked on five apps which in different categories like lifestyle, travel, shopping, social networking which are available on appstore. that   s all about me. 
solid 6+ years of hands-on experience in developing native android apps with thorough knowledge of using android studio and kotlin with android development toolkit      6+ years    experience in java, standard industry design patterns, and object-oriented programming      strong android development experience with an appreciation of design, testing and backend web services      experience in writing custom ui components and libraries      experience with room, live data or reactive extensions, dependency injection frameworks like dagger      experience of using restful web services, and third partyapi integration   s      experience in tdd and bdd testing suites for android       experience in conceptualising, implementing, and publishing apps       ability to multi-task, work independently or as part of a team, and flexible in terms of work location      working experience using agile methodologies       offshore/remote team collaboration and management experience ,
as an ios developer, i have worked as a freelancer and published my own ios app on the app store. many of my projects are available on github. i also have taken the opportunity to write code and get involved with software development during my 25 years as a technical writer. 
no sponsorship required, overall seven years of ios development experience in developing iphone and ipad apps using objective-c,  c++, swift and cocoa touch testing, maintaining and publishing ios apps  internally and on app store.      experienced in delivering high-end web/mobile applications on time under tight  deadlines.      sound knowledge and good working experience on newly launched xcode 11.2 and  some experience on swift4.x, swift3.x, swift 2.x.      built rich user interface applications supporting various devices using xibs,  storyboard with auto layout, size classes, stack view, animation techniques.      worked in arc and non-arc environments.      complete understanding of iphone/ipad/ipod architecture and various versions  of iphone software development kit (sdk) that includes xcode, uikit, mapkit,  webkit, instruments, iphone simulator and third party frameworks.      thorough understanding of cocoa design patterns, mvc architecture and other  concepts like delegation, protocols
i am passionate about leveraging my programming skills to create amazing apps that impact a lot of people. currently based in nyc, i am an ios engineer at spotify.   specialties  making ios apps. cooking ethiopian food. 
strong interest in mobile application and framework development.  focus on product lifecycle from design to deployment and maintenance.  keen interest in continued learning and excel at test/behavior-driven development to promote software stability. 
i am a ios developer looking for my first team to help build apps. ive learned ios development from both an ios bootcamp and from a software engineer in the industry. i have been in retail for over 5+ years mainly as a store manager and now i'm ready to make a different contribution as a software developer. as an ios developer a great achievement of mine so far is completing two apps and launching them both on the app store, currently working on a new digital board game in spritekit while i look for role in ios.
ios developer with more than 5 years of experience in designing, testing and implementing infrastructure and applications. working with small start up to big companies i build more than 6 apps. in development phase my main focus is on product not just the code. i implemented ios best design and development practices. always up to date with the latest tech in the industry, i love new and exciting challenge where we can build next big things together. 
ios developer with more than 100 apps published on the app store since 2012. tdd, swift, objective-c, xcode, photoshop, scm... ,
i've been developing applications on ios devices for over 4 years in objective-c and more recently in swift. i currently work at mindbody on the consumer ios app.  previously i worked at engage financial technology on a suite of components and applications that help people manage their day to day finances based on a variety of mastercard issued pre-paid cards.  before that, i worked at fieldlogix where i worked on the fieldlogix app and goose (fieldlogix's dispatch service) for iphone and ipad. i also developed a number of features for  the fieldlogix android app.  i have over a year of android development experience. 
developer of highly usable iphone & ipad applications.  specialties  ios and mac os x programming  objective-c, swift, uikit, cocoa, xcode, autolayout, storyboards, performance tools. ,
ios developer based in bed-stuy, brooklyn building the new fox sports app ,i'm a product-focused native ios developer with 6 years of independent and professional experience building and shipping production quality ios apps. i'm proficient in both swift and objective-c and have a strong understanding of object-oriented programming principles. i'm detail-oriented and love building clean, beautiful user experiences. 
software engineer, project lead and manager for ios and os x app development.  10 years in cocoa/objective-c/swift development, primarily in ios but including os x. development of iphone/ipad and universal applications for client and enterprise use. includes web service consumption (restful services, cookie based authentication and sessions), audio and video (avaudioplayer, openal, mpmoviecontroller, avfoundation), data storage and retrieval (coredata, sqlite3, nsxmlparser, libxml2, json), accelerometer control (coremotion), custom text layout (coretext), pdf (loading, display, drawing and saving)
experienced ios developer with exclusive experience in designing, developing, deploying, maintaining and consulting for ios mobile applications with swift, objective-c, xcode, and cocoa touch framework on native ios. 
software developer focused on the ios platform, with broad experience with big data, unix, scripting, web, and mobile applications.  i'm always interested in having a big positive impact, and have been fortunate to have had the opportunity several times along the way.  selected success stories   * wrote flagship app for startup with 17 million users. architect and lead developer of three major versions (two apps, then folded into a single flagship app) taking each of them from concept to shipment, garnering thousands of five-star reviews.  * conceived, architected, and wrote secret ada, an ios cryptogram puzzle app that was featured on good morning america.  * wrote the early demo of motorola chinese predictive keypad text input that sold the concept to management. traveled to china to hand off to local engineers, enabling the project to go from inception to products in stores in four months, leading to a six-month lead in the chinese market and extremely significant revenues. co-author of related patent.  * conceived and implemented automated data collection system for rapidly building product-quality lexicons for virtually any language using only web data. this enabled nimble execution as company entered new markets.  * designed and wrote automated system using autonomous agents (in c and perl) to manage document cleanup and ocr workflow for a large scale digital library, providing complete error recovery in an environment with frequent power outages.  have seen several products through the entire life cycle. i enjoy the behind-the-scenes data and plumbing work, but also have ui sensibilities, lots of experience working with ux people
i am an experienced ios developer and app designer. i have built apps with multiple functionalities, including bluetooth, gps integration, core data, in-app purchases, social network integration, and avfoundation. i also independently created an app called all the sweets, which is currently published in the google play and amazon app stores with over 500 downloads.  core disciplines       ios development     swift     objective-c     apple watch     xcode     gamemaker  studio     sublime     adobe creative suite     sketch 3     c/c++     ruby on rails     gml ,
i strive to create mobile apps that feature clean and responsive ui. besides writing succinct, resusable code behind the scenes, i place a priority on providing an elegant and enjoyable user experience.  i work with  swift, objective-c, and git.  using  xcode, iterm, and sketch. ,
swift, objective c, cocoa touch, xcode, ios, sql, pl/sql, oracle forms/ reports, toad,  business objects, data integrator, web intelligence,  crystal report, sqr, oracle 10g  specialties  iphone / ipad developer ,
have developed 10+ ios apps released in apple store, familiar with whole mobile development life cycle and distribute apps to app store.  build 6 enterprise scale ios apps for companies, cooperate with multiple teams includes frontend, backend, ui&ux, marketing, analytics, product teams.  team player, and passion to learn and develop new things. 
senior ios developer  great combination of enterprise-level development experience mixed with graphic design skills and a passion for making software as simple and functional as possible. expert with ios swift, objective-c, c#.net, web technologies and the unity 3d game engine. over 15 years of software development experience. , apphands ,
outgoing and friendly ios developer with skills in swift, obj-c, xcode, core data, cloudkit and more. actively seeking employment. very excited for all the new opportunities that await me! born and raised in las vegas, nv and has a strong history in hospitality and communication. would love to hear from you about open positions at your company! ,
i'm a creative, self-driven ios developer with a passion for mobile technology and its ability to change the world.  get in touch! i'm always interested in meeting new people and hearing about exciting opportunities
i love to continually learn and grow both professionally and in my personal life. i've chosen ios development because of the never-ending learning opportunities and because i love apple products. outside of work i love spending time with my family, watching movies, playing bass, listening to music, and have a love affair with coffee.
motivated, fast learning ios dev with some of the funniest jokes you'll hear. did i mention i also knit and drum in a garage rock band  sometimes even at the same time. 
a lifelong mac user and developer, i have been writing apps for mac os x and ios since 2006. when the iphone os sdk was released in 2008, i began working full-time on iphone development, and have been working as a freelance ios developer ever since. much of my contract work has been for advertising agencies and creative firms  i enjoy the fast-paced environment, and the opportunity to work with a broad range of technologies and frameworks. i enjoy both working on short-term projects to help finalize delivery or build out a prototype, and working on long-term projects where i am able to take a design from concept to a polished final product.  i   m passionate about developing elegant apps that improve day to day life for their users. i believe the best design is both electrifying and unobtrusive. i strive to create apps that inspire people to share their experience with those around them. 
ios mobile developer with 9+ years experience working with swift, objective-c, cocoa touch, uikit, xcode, etc... on a daily basis, - experience with advanced ios technologies including core data, core location, mapkit, grand central dispatch, and auto layout, - strong self-learner with a desire to stay highly informed on best practices and latest developments to apple   s ios platform, - proven success in providing professional software engineering services to a variety of clients, - experience working in startups and a fortune 50 media company developing mobile applications that impact hundreds of thousands of people, - 14 amazing native ios apps and 3 android apps built so far, - latest app webby award winner and featured in the app store, , asher_coelho 
mobile and web application developer, with a focus on native ios and both backend and client-side web programming. i love challenges and i'm always looking for opportunities to do awesome things.
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the retail industry. skilled in databases, mobile applications, mobile device management(mdm), scrum, ios, and devops. strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in computer science /business from saint xavier university 
enthusiastic ios engineer with a master's in cs and years of design experience. not currently looking for new opportunities.
over 10+ as an experienced professional technologist.     over 6+ years working as ios software developer. experience includes the whole development cycle of a software project  software engineering, bug tracking, product design, release planning, customer support, version control, itunes connect submission lifecycle and marketing. ability to solve problems and think as a user and identify ux issues.      strong experience in objective c (6 years) and swift (2 years) with several apps published in the app store using xcode and interface builder working with uikit, ios hig, core data, networking, localization, accessibility, ui storyboarding, xib   s, autolayout for iphone and ipad interfaces, cocoapods, fabric.io (crashlytics) for performance and crash reports
executed innovative enhancements to otg   s restaurant ios applications to over 13,000 production ipad devices in leading airport terminals nationwide.     over eight years of solid experience in iphone/ipad apps development using model-view-controller (mvc), objective c and swift, with jira.     strong knowledge of core data, mysql, json and sdlc.     experience in android app development with android studio.     nine years of java and internet development experience with object-oriented concepts in ubs and start-ups.      over three years of project lead experience at ubs.  implement full life cycle for project development. 
when you truly believe in something, go all in and don't hold back, one step backward will bring you regret for life. 
senior ios developer with over 35 years of software development experience on multiple platforms and programming languages. currently focusing on ios development in swift. , stevebarden walt disney company (dtci) (formerly 21st century fox) 
ios developer at click here labs (the richards group) designing and maintaining mobile apps both for external accounts and internal use.  i work to make our products more maintainable and efficient while exploring other platforms and technologies. ,
pragmatic software engineer and a life-long learner who loves working on meaningful products. he loves ios development and swift is his favorite language. mari loves working with humble and passionate people on an exciting product space where he can have a big impact. , cal_a_mar1 facebook 
specialization experience in development and implementation of various native ios applications using objective-c, cocoa touch, uikit.     experience with unit testing.     experience with continuous integration & delivery tools (jenkins, teamcity, or gitlab).     test driven development (tdd), jenkins, network layer like volley, retrofit.     expertise in object oriented programming language objective-c and swift.     strong knowledge about core frameworks like core data, core graphics, core animation, uikit.     designed and developed applications as per specifications. this included core development using various ios frameworks and test driven development using xctest framework and cucumber.     experience to various stages of software development life cycle. capable of analyzing the business requirements, software requirement specifications, functional design documents to write technical design documents and unit test plans.      knowledge using good container (mobile device management, mobile application management, mobile content management).     experience with source control tools svn and git.     experienced in implementing ui/ux with storyboards, xibs and using ns constraints     used third-party apis - sdwebimage, afnetworking, jsonmodel
organized and taught 30+ computer/tablet related workshops to both usu faculty and students to showcase apple products and their potential in education     ios course instructor to over 130 senior citizens for the utah state summer citizen program     taught an 8 week class on mobile computing     contracted with the usu stars gear up program to help train various utah k-12 institutions on how to incorporate ipads into teaching methods     presented educational ios apps to administration and faculty from 11 utah school districts     specialized in computers and computer peripheral sales 
my  why  is to inspire myself and others by helping us feel and understand our greatness and value, so that we love ourselves, love learning from our lives, and love inspiring each other by sharing what we're learning.  i love creating things that assist people by providing helpful, easy to use, and solid ios mobile applications which enhance our daily lives. ,
i have over 3+ years of experience working in ios app development and java development. currently, i work as an ios developer at housecall pro, developing and enhancing mobile applications using xcode, cocoapods etc.  previously, i worked as an ios developer at capital group companies inc, and ulta beauty inc, where i developed and enhanced enterprise mobile applications, which helped in decreasing the manual effort in the warehouse management and stores management.   i also developed various freelance ios mobiles apps and published in the app store.   competencies  ios app development, swift/objective-c/java ,
seeking challenging assignments in it industry with a growth oriented and fast track organization, utilizing acquired skills to contribute towards the development and growth of the company and to obtain iso developer position in your organization.     over 7 years of development experience in information technology, with a progressive and robust experience in object-oriented technologies, experience in the full-life cycle of the software development process.     skilled in engineering mac os x, iphone and ipad applications using iphone-sdk and objective-c.       create applications and frameworks for the ios platform using xcode.     developed native based iphone applications using objective c and swift, xcode, iphone sdk and cocoa touch framework.     perfect understanding of   arc and non-arc in ios development for memory management.     experience in designing & developing user interface applications, integrating with various databases and client-server applications in iphone/ipad application development using objective-c, c++, swift, cocoa touch, uikit, (ooa&ood) .sql, cocoa bindings, core animation custom controls and object oriented programming.     extensively worked with story board, map kit, core data, multithreading
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the telematics, automobile, finance, health, technology and insurance industries. skilled in mobile application development in an agile work environment, focusing on rest and soap web services in a client-server based architecture, with mvc, mvp, mvvm design patterns.   experienced working in various company sizes like large scale, medium scale, small scale, multicultural, and even startup sized organizations, with a team player attitude and with the experience of leading small teams of developers, performing collaborative pair programming, code reviews and conducting architecture and development meetings for new features and application development.  currently not looking for opportunities. 
passionate and driven ios developer with over 5 years professional experience as technology manager working with non-profits, and 2 years developing ios/swift. i am proficient in swift 5 / cocoa touch / uikit, and have a broad skillset and experience that includes experience working with popular 3rd party apis/sdks, bitcoinsv/blockchain and app store connect/ testflight. 
views are my own.  hello there!   i   m an senior ios developer at quicken loans in detroit, with over 7 years of experience in the industry. building native ios applications became my passion very early on, and i still truly enjoy everything about it. swift has really opened the doors to new developers in the ios space, and it   s been great to have fresh perspectives come aboard. my daily tasks with expedia include building out features, monitoring crash logs, working closely with product and design teams, mentoring teammates, and providing valuable feedback on pull requests.  aside from being a developer, i   m also passionate about contributing to the developer community. in 2017 i began a meetup group called ladev. it   s since evolved, but i   ve learned so many valuable lessons leading and organizing it, it   s been such a rewarding experience. additionally, i blog at dev.to and kimarnett.com and lead workshops and conference sessions in the great lakes region.  for my next position, i   m looking for either a senior ios development role, or a ios lead type role where i can make a difference towards an inclusive environment, clean code, and shipping amazing features. with experience in big and small companies, i   m ready for it all.  thanks! kim ,
i have over 10 years of industry experience building ios products that have leveraged location, social, financial, voice, and document data. i manage and deliver my engineering work from beginning to end with a team mentality, and i have a propensity to ship what i build. i   m a passionate advocate of cross-team collaboration and mentoring, and i have a reputation for being very pleasant to work with - even in high stress environments.   specialties  - objective-c and swift, xcode - comfortable working across all layers of ios applications (network, model, persistence, ui) so code is unit testable - core data, core location, sirikit, uikit, cocoa touch, foundation - daily work with tools like jira and github - creative thinking/problem solving - i love thinking big about how technology can be used to help people - visionary & creative thinker about product features and ux 
specialties  ai&r, nlp, machine learning, leadership, ios, motivation, mobile, mvc, sql, agile, microsoft bot framework, c#, microsoft azure, swift, objective-c ,
i started developing apps in 2009, six months after apple launched the app store. it was exciting to be able to think of a game or concept, develop it, and distribute it to potentially millions of people around the world, which is still something i enjoy doing. feel free to contact me with career opportunities, business ventures, or other professional endeavors. ,
senior level ios developer with extensive understanding of client architecture, experience in developing several top notch pixel-perfect apps, with strong product and design skills, enthusiastically combining newest trends and technologies of the mobile world.  experience in building mass-market applications from scratch, integrating numerous common libraries and analytics tools. complete understanding of creating and submitting an ios app to the appstore. (certificates/ provisioning/ itunes connect) designing server apis to integrate mobile/client applications, with great understanding of server-side programming.  leading a team of developers, creating working schedules, code-reviewing while instilling others best-practices and coding standards.  great team player with excellent communication skills.  specialties  ios applications, objective c, swift, cocoa, c\c++, iphone/ipad, xcode, ux, product management, project management, oop
i build beautiful and stable ios apps. i save people tons of money by getting it right from the first time and not having to re-write bad code later.  what i do  - actual hands-on development  - frameworks and 3rd party solutions evaluations - code reviews, interviews, ios hiring strategy - team management and covering  what if ios team gets hit by a bus  scenario - being a founder myself i work quite a lot with startups and know how to translate an idea to a product with a plan and no stress in the process -  work closely with api / backend / design / android / product teams - i'm pretty sociable and a lot of times i help out with getting everyone on the same page  - i'm a certified scrum master and i help companies get their processes and pm tools setup - ios or in the whole company  app store samples 
i'm an indie ios developer that is open for contract only. i don't do full time, so if that's what you're looking for, i'm not the candidate. c2c. - i work with direct clients only. so if you're a recruiter - don't waste your in-mails. i appreciate the effort but i usually don't reply. - since i have a luxury to pick my projects, i do ios latest version apps only and prefer projects with either good code base, or from scratch, or at least with people open to make the codebase good instead of spending more time on bug fixes that would be not necessary with good code - remote projects get the preference every time - i don   t meet for 15 min consultations. 2 hour min. my normal project duration is at least 3 months.  specialties  ios, swift, objective-c, mobile, iphone, ipad, ux, scrum, product management, project management , katerynasytnyk 
professional software developer biased towards mobile technology, but eager to learn about and adopt other technologies. based in austin, texas, but on the road a lot. 
a positively energetic, smart, highly passionate, internationally experienced client relationship professional, a fast learner who possesses first-rate planning, negotiation and relationship building abilities, coupled with excellent technical knowledge.   a proactive and creative leader and team player that has the ability to work within a team to successfully deliver kpis. an action and solution orientated technical professional who has extensive people and account management skills, with an ability to build solid relationships, trust, and mutual respect at all professional levels.  career objective  i am seeking a career change into software engineering whereby i will be able to draw upon my technical self taught knowledge and my computer science degree in interactive systems engineering.      leadership  a natural leader who enjoys leading scenarios to achieve set objectives.       teamwork  a trusted team player who can bring together multiple strengths of others to reach their potential.      technical  up to date with latest innovation technologies on devices, and platforms. consulted on fixing technical issues.      business analysis  able to naturally analyse businesses from a technical standpoint, and can confidently recommend technical products and services.     relationship management  enjoys building long lasting and mutually beneficial relationships that result in long-term business relations, customer loyalty, and referrals.      communication skills  a strong communicator who can attentively listen to the needs of clients and respond accordingly.      client service  recognises client services to be of the highest importance by providing and creating a unique client experience, and maintaining a positive environment by connecting people together an managing expectations. 
my objective  contribute to a core ios team working with the latest cutting-edge technologies. interested in exploring machine learning, computer vision, neural networks, and other similar technologies within ios products. work with experienced engineers to tackle larger and more difficult problems than before.  skills  ios engineering, android development, objective-c, swift, c, java, kotlin, xcode, json, restful web services, engineering, crypto-currency, bitcoin, mobile health and fitness applications, medical applications
i'm a developer and consultant based in austin, focused on improving processes and writing clean code. after 4 years of critical thinking and analytical experience from my time at boston university as a chemistry major, my pivot to computer science felt natural. i have 4 years of ios experience working in smaller teams in which i was able to make a significant impact.   when i'm not writing code, i enjoy challenging myself by self-teaching japanese and training for my first half marathon! 
head ios  and front end developer, with over a decade of experience working in multicultural teams and international organizations in the computer & software industry.   passionate about technology and life.  involved in projects and all the activities related to the business, scouting clients & markets, identification & project proposal, setting objectives, building project plans, estimations, schedules, resources, processes, risk and quality of deliverables management. ,
in progress of becoming one of the top ios engineers in socal.  i'm a serial tech entrepreneur focusing on a career in ios development. i'm passionate about launching new products, shipping new features, and solving problems that utilize my product development/management knowledge in combination with my programming and ui/ux skill-sets to solve product issues and increase user experience.  core qualifications  superior proficiency with xcode ide and iphone sdk profound experience with swift (3.0+) and objective-c strong record developing apps (on app store, for startups, and open source projects) for iphone and ipad excellent critical thinking and problem solving skills exceptional ability to work in a fast-paced high-pressure environment uncanny eye for designing ui/ux ios frameworks, cocoapods, third-party sdks, firebase, core data, cloudkit, mapkit, webkit knowledgeable with implementing and interacting with third-party web service apis, rest apis, json, xml firm background in object-oriented designing and programming skills (oop) ,
software developer with a strong passion and hands-on experience in mobile software development. renowned for being a strong team player, contributing to the success of organizational goals in ios development, alongside with an outgoing, enthusiastic and philanthropical character. very skilled at working with team members to achieve goals. excellent knowledge of various tools and technologies, including swift, objective-c, java, xcode ide, android studio ide,  github, core animation, cocoa touch, core data, google firebase, sql, etc. , kanjiz1 ,
detailed-oriented and result-oriented software engineer with 4+ years experiences developing ios applications from inception to deployment. i have guided many companies to launch their fully functioning ios solutions to the app store. i aim to build software with the users in mind, specifically, creating applications with usable and intuitive user interface experience. i am also disciplined to write highly readable and easily maintainable source codes. i am constantly striving to learn new technologies and looking for ways to better myself in this rapidly changing industry. 
i am an ios and mac developer passionate about writing clean, reusable code. ,
i'm a boston-based iphone developer and consultant with significant experience creating, maintaining and managing ios software across multiple spaces such as entertainment, financial services and social media.   i've contributed to apps for major media companies (warner bros., cbs, nbccomcast, etc.), lifelock and connect software corporation, as well as an sdk for rhythm newmedia (now rhythmone), utilizing objective-c and swift with the latest ios sdks.  on my spare time, i pursue my passions for activism & advocacy, within the lgbt community, and music.   no recruiters, pls. 
many years of industry experience including ios development, mobile and web qa background.     4 applications in appstore (ios / tvos) with total 15.7k units installed.     proficient with xcode ide, iphone sdk, apple approval & distribution process including tvos requirements.     knowledgeable with interface builder, auto layout and core technologies, including  ui elements, graphics, location, maps, media, animation, data, multitouch and gestures, motion, backgrounding, and universal apps.     knowledge of and work experience with financial/banking, mobile geo-location, and e-commerce applications.     experience working on agile/scrum and waterfall projects.     strong communication
i am a new graduate from cornell university with a bachelors degree in computer science and a concentration in electrical and computer engineering. my interests lie in mobile development, systems engineering, and software security. 
intermediate mobile developer with 15 years of overall technology experience spanning development, systems administration, consulting/support, management, and video.   currently i am the lead ios developer at snipsnap, where myself and the rest of the dev team have launched a major new chat based shopping assistant integrating slyce's image recognition service.  previously as a network administrator i worked at the philadelphia orchestra. i built a system to distribute their concerts live over internet2, the high speed research network linking higher education institutions and research facilities around the world. the technology i built there became the foundation of specticast where we moved from the research network to the commodity internet and added pre-recorded content.  before moving to philadelphia i was a network administrator and consultant in the new york metro area. clients spanned very diverse industries making for interesting solutions to a variety of different needs.
4+ years of work experience in ios development * 8+ years of work experience in software testing  * ios development with swift, objective-c * automated testing using ui testing(xcode 9) + swift, kif + objective-c, ruby, appium, calabash, selenium webdriver, rspec, cucumber * experience in setup and maintenance of continuous integration systems ,
i am fascinated by human behavior and technology increasingly occupies more and more of the human psyche. 
i'm an ios developer concerned about writing high quality code that scales. always on the lookout for ways to improve maintenance, refactorability, and testing in large code bases. 
full-stack hacker focused on mobile web and native application development.
majored in communications media with concentrations in interactive media, video production, and graphic design.  worked hard and graduated from a 4 year program in only 3 years.  pursued video production for a number of years, coding a bit on the side, and sold 3 online games, reaching 1 million+ unique players each.  started a youtube animation channel which has surpassed 535,000 subscribers.  in 2017 began independently studying ios development, learning swift and xcode in depth.  released my first app ( speck ) publicly to the app store, and was hired by savant systems as an ios engineer.  ultimately moved to the bay area, joining stubhub.  very hard working, excellent problem solving and communication skills, driven, passionate about development, and excited to move forward in this industry. 
while pursuing his undergrad in liberal arts, edward anchundia started making live websites with html/css and javascript. this was his introduction to the tech industry which eventually lead him to learn more languages such as ruby, python, sql and ultimately decided to learn swift and ios development at a google-funded school called coalition for queens. after completing the 10 month intensive course, edward contributed to a few open source projects and was invited to participate in the 2017 startupbus where he and a team created imgame, a social platform for table-top gamers. edward plans on opening up opportunities for other people starting up in tech industry, the same way opportunities were open for him. 
developer and creator who principally focuses on ios development, but who is experienced and interested in pursuing a variety of fields. i specialize in frontend and love building, testing, and deploying products, as well as investing my own unique vision into projects.  website 
5 years of software development experience with ios. - 1 year of software development experience with mac os x. - 15+ years of professional software development in c/c++ with windows. - experienced in ui(user interface) / ux(user experience), multimedia, network, web solution and h/w interface - extremely proficient at building architecture system and troubleshooting.
designed, architected, and developed three mobile apps for the app store with over 45,000 downloads. experienced programming in swift and objective-c using xcode. proficient in using git and working in an agile environment. 
i am a ios developer, with a focus on guiding and teaching others my skill set. i also am a soccer coach, with a passion for self-sustained development for my players. ,
3+ years experience with swift with an app in the app store. open for part time and contract positions.  nyc or remote only.  skills/frameworks    swift / java / oracle / arcgis & mapkit / html / css / 3d design  associates degree in software development centered in object oriented programming (java), markup languages (html, css, xml) and database design (oracle/sql). i have been making small applications and scripts for years and i have been making ios apps since 2017. always learning.  after 13 years working in engineering through europe and the us i have made task management and delivering a quality product on time my main priorities on all the projects i work on.  us permanent resident. 
i am a senior ios developer with six years of experience within media and banking industries. i have engineered and developed iphone and ipad apps for several high profile companies including sky, accenture, barclays and rbs. having worked on apps with premium content and sensitive information, i have experience in mobile security engineering using code obfuscation libraries and secure development techniques. i have worked with agile and waterfall methodologies. 
ios developer, passionate about pushing mobile technologies to the limits and building the next generation of the mobile applications.
a seasoned mobile application developer having experience more than 8+ years of ios development experience. proficient in oops concepts and design patterns. experienced in handling multi-threaded operations and very conscious about ui/ux design, appearance, responsiveness and performance.  my objective is to establish a career in the mobile applications industry utilizing my technical knowledge, creativity, coding and communication skills and be an asset to the firm. combine creative thinking with logical ideas to develop solutions to challenging problems. actively participate in the comprehension of the business needs and mechanics. communicate effectively with good verbal and written skills with clients, vendors and colleagues to execute projects. use my leadership and management skills to effectively lead a team if required to do so. ,
i   m an aspiring entrepreneur and ios developer with strong interest in building products that make a difference to everyday consumer.    after completing the ios development program at general assembly, i joined my fellow co-founders to build lovtap, a platform that facilitates micro-donations to non-profit organization.  my experience and training in accounting and finance allows me to understand complex financial transactions, and i was heavily involved in developing key strategies and implementation of the financial transactions aspect of the app.  this includes   - independently developed models and protocols for handling transactions within the app before in-house back-end solution has been completed - designed and built user interface on account balance and transactions.
experienced ios engineer with a passion for innovation and design and a goal to create aesthetically pleasing, habit forming applications for the target user, as well as highly readable and easily maintainable source code. 
i am passionate about new technology and software, i am hard working towards any goal i want to accomplish.   i see myself using my knowledge to create new and cutting edge applications to be used by the public. ,
when i grew up as a kid, i knew i would be a creator of some sort with the amount of tinkering i did  opening radios, fixing bikes, learning wood working, etc. that idea from when i was a kid became a reality when i first started programming later on in my life. i started my computer science degree not knowing what specific area i wanted to focus in, but that i knew this was my calling. that confusion changed when i took an ios development course in my university. i knew exactly what i wanted to do.   after discovering my passion for ios development, i just couldn't get enough. i now know that my passion is creating products of my own, but also working with product owners/designers to turn ideas into reality bringing quality products to consumers/users. i have had the opportunity to create an app for pieced, complete an ios development internship with glassdoor, released an app onto the app store, mentored multiple students in ios development, and there's no stopping now. 
5 years professional software developer and successful released multiple applications to the app store. experienced in uikit, coredata, core graphic, core animation, cocoa touch, objective-c and xcode. experienced with third-party libraries like cocoapods, afnetworking, magicalrecords, sdwebimage etc. demonstrated track record of providing significant contribution throughout the development lifecycle. proven ability gathering and analysis, technical specifications, coding, code quality, debugging, user interface design and implementation.excellent in communication, analytical and presentation skills.   technical skills  languages  objective-c , swift, c, c++
ios development | xcode | terminal | git | swift | objective-c | mvc | corefoundation | coreanimation | uikit | photos | coredata | cloudkit | firebase | google analytics | json | resful api's | nsurlsession | nsnotificationcenter | delegation | alamofire | grand central dispatch | interface builder | auto layout | cocoapods | qa testing | debugging | agile/scrum | project management  ui/ux design | sketch | research | prototyping | graphic design  video editing | final cut pro x | motion | compressor | graphics | sound design
hardworking and detail-oriented ios teacher, developer, and learner  passionate about solving complex problems with a likeminded people to create high-quality apps.
specialties  objective-c, c, c++, java, cocoa touch, and uikit. ios development and mobile user interface design. , timonus ,
mobile software developer with 5+ years experience as both lead developer and project manager for commercial logistics applications. enthusiastic self-starter with a passion for tackling real-world needs that require creative solutions. particularly interested in both cutting-edge ios technologies and designing smart, powerful data structures.
energetic software engineer capable of bringing results and creativity to the company. proficient in understanding specifications, documentation and hands-on experience in different types of software development and testing. experienced improving code performance and reducing development cost overall. enthusiastic individual, great team player in multi-cultural environments, meticulously meet deliverables within deadlines and always going for that extra mile. ,
5 years of experience working on ios applications at redfin and linkedin. ,mobile engineer and technical educator. i   ve built and shipped native apps for ios and android, hybrid apps with react native, and developed for the web (both client and server).  in my work for udacity, i've built and maintained apps and backend services, worked with subject matter experts to teach topics like mobile design patterns, data structures and algorithms, and core ios frameworks, as well as taught on camera and provided mentorship to udacity's global audience of aspiring software developers. ,
i am an ios developer who takes on projects with engineering problem solving and design thinking. throughout my education and career, i learned all aspects involved in building products, from the initial idea to the small details, while keeping the end-user in mind.   as an ios developer, my work not only creates products, but also directly affects the user   s experience. in addition, i am able to leverage the ever increasing capabilities of smartphones and build apps for users to interact with these new technologies. ,
i am a software engineer who is currently focused on ios mobile application development.  i am a bilingual ios developer living in new york city and am always learning new skills and technologies. more than anything, i enjoy developing products
i'm new to salesforce, and i have to say i am absolutely loving it. i just feel like i fit in, and i just love the salesforce culture. when they say #dreamjob, they mean it. i love my manager, love my teammates, and love the work.   one might say development, is development, which might be largely true. but in equal parts, one might value being valued, being a part of a world class organization, and feeling fulfilled. we get 7 days of volunteering days a year, and a culture of love and ohana. #dreamjob indeed. , snowbourne ,
software developer with a passion for clean, efficient code and pixel perfect designs. interested in learning new technologies, solving problems and discovering methods and tools to improve workflow. experienced with every stage of the product lifecycle, from design and iteration planning to deployment and maintenance. ,
i am an ios developer, software educator and ceramic artist. i currently work for ibm - the weather company on their ios platform squad.  i like to stay busy and i am passionate about technology, art, education and being in nature. , nidalfakhouri ,
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in mobile applications, ios, objective-c, swift, uikit, coredata etc. strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in mathematics and computer science at voronezh state university ,
i am a full stack engineer with experience building websites and mobile apps. i have over 2 years of work experience building ios native apps and web apps using gatsby.js and react.js.   i enjoy working close to the product and have a hand's-on user centric approach to building projects and collaborating with others to gain various perspectives to refine strategies. i believe that efficient communication can be effective in fast paced environments especially when working with cross functional teams.  i am also a first generation college student who can speak in english, hindi, telugu, java and swift. in my free time, i enjoy cooking and practicing yoga! ,
experienced ios lead developer with a long background in many technologies included java, c++ and javascript. i deliver quality results, solve difficult problems and anticipate future ones to minimize them. i prefer to work in environments where i can make a difference. my experience has been in many different business areas including travel, financial services, healthcare and even online gaming. my programming blog has nearly 400 posts going back to 2006 and has nearly 700,000 readers since the start of 2012. 
i love the opportunity to create rich and meaningful experiences with technology we use everyday. i have shipped multiple apps to the app store and i have maintained legacy codebases. i am currently diving into apple watch development which lead to the release of top spin,
i make ios apps.      , randstad technologies us ,software engineer with over 10 years of experience. love mobile application development and building the best user experience using simple techniques.
i'm a software developer currently specializing in native ios app development with swift and objective-c. i enjoy working on teams that value modern user interfaces, a modern engineering stack, and continuous education.    i possess experience working on large ios applications spanning multiple industries. i also have experience releasing my own applications to the app store.    skills   uikit, auto layout, cocoa touch, ios sdk, ui/ux design, tdd, unit testing, mvvm, mvc, viper  languages  swift, objective-c  tools  xcode, charles proxy, paw api tool, postman, cocoapods
experienced programmer in full stack development. produced clean user interfaces that led to improved sales for clients and usability for their customers. secured key accounts through the requirements process and implementation with clients. currently, seeking software engineering opportunities with an emphasis on ios development. 
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.         ralph waldo emerson , mailchimp 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. specialized in swift, objective-c, xcode, java, aws and javascript. talented engineering professional with a master   s degree focused in computer science from maharishi university of management. 
self-taught ios engineer with 5 years experience developing for apple platforms. proficient in both objective-c and swift. passionate about implementing beautiful user experiences.
i try to live what i love, do what i love.  i've been doing iphone development since 2007 and i can proudly tell that i'm pretty good at objective-c and swift. fully using (pop) protocol oriented programming patterns as well as oop, i try to create applications only that i will also use through my daily life.   nowadays ui/ux means more in mobile app development than coding itself. everyone can code these days but one has to have great taste in design to make an app perfect. i'm not a professional designer but i do know which design is good and which is bad. i can fetch that one little-tiny-small bit of thing that makes an app successful.  i also have experience in mobile marketing, which means i know how to make and sell great apps.  other than geeking around i love to sing, i love to take photographs, i love to lie down and do nothing. i've been in a choir for 5 years and conducted for a year. i did some semi-professional accapella as baritone for money  )  i founded humans of bundang which is a community that presents a photographic census of bundang(which is the largest and most populous district of seongnam, a major city in the seoul capital area, south korea) with own unique stories.  i can do everything from coding to photographing if its fun! 
i'm an east bay native, went to school in paradise, and now i live in sf. i spent a few years working as a graphic designer but made the switch to ios development in 2016. 
i like to do things that are not only fun to me, but also advance the world. an ios developer, open source software contributor, meetup organizer.  open source software projects i have contributed to  swift, quick, argo, restkit, realm, etc.  specialities  ios development, swift, objective-c, cocoa touch, xcode, cocoapods experience  c, c#, ruby, unity, continuous integration, jenkins
committed and proactive team player who enjoys solving new and unique problems with team members.     passionate about writing clean, clear code that follows established design patterns and is adaptable to rapidly changing requirements.      loves working on challenging projects that teach new skills, and works on skillset in free time through reading and experimentation.     experienced in software development at all stages  requirements gathering, design, architecture, implementation, release, and support. 
i have always been interested in using technology to improve education and society as a whole.  one of my products is response, an application for non-profits to improve their procurement process of supplies.   i have also targeted the education sector with companion, a mobile application for make school students to track performance metrics using indoor beacon technology.  languages  swift, python, golang, ruby, javascript(es6), html5/css3  tools  node.js, docker, react, ruby on rails, flask, mongodb, postgresql, xcode, git, github, heroku
i am passionate about making wherever i am a better place. improving others' lives motivates me the most. i have a love for computer science and solving complex problems. my philosophy is hard work beats  natural talent . , professorpaul7 neighbor 
i am a self-learned, peer-taught ios engineer developer working for groupon since mid-2016. originally from seattle, i worked in silicon valley for 3 1/2 years, starting out in web development and returning to seattle with valuable ios experience learned entirely on the job. outside of my daily work, i have contributed to numerous wordpress projects and applications for non-profits in the seattle area, and am an active musician who plays piano, violin, and viola. , geo_liu ,
dynamic, detail-oriented software engineer with experience in requirements gathering, design and development of applications to support business development initiatives. analytical engineer with a proven track record of excelling at learning new technologies and successfully applying them to develop clean and well-structured code. self-disciplined, highly organized professional with the ability to thrive in high-paced environments. outstanding presentation and communication skills, and works exceptionally well within a team environment and individually. superior analytical, time management, collaboration and problem-solving skills. promoted to positions of increasing authority and responsibility because of strong leadership skills, teamwork, customer service and overall performance. 
i am an ios-developer with extensive business background and history of scaling businesses.  before transitioning into software development, i enjoyed a successful career as a financial analyst, portfolio manager, and business development consultant in the real estate, finance, and energy sectors.
i have over 5 years of experience tinkering with various technologies related to web, mobile and vr development. my digital creations have been featured in numerous websites and have received millions of visitors from around the world. computer technologies are like an ocean and i know how to navigate them. i am passionate about them and getting a job related to this field is my dream. i   m in the top 10% on stack overflow worldwide for ios development.
software engineer, mainly focused on ios projects since 2015. wrote my first program in 2006, and have never looked back, deploying apps to the web and ios app store, along with an android open source project slipped in.   always learning, especially interested in cryptocurrencies and cybersecurity, along with machine learning and data science. fully bilingual with dual citizenship us/france, i love to travel and get new perspectives from around the world.  i currently work full time at linkedin, part time at myswimpro, and study in my free time through harvard's extension school. i also write about various topics when i have things to write about. always doing something, i   m constantly taking my experiences growing up in silicon valley and attempting to pay that forward      ,
ios software engineer  mobile software engineer     ios, xcode, swift     ios - consuming webservices[json, xml]     ios - core data, core location, uikit ,
as an enthusiastic software developer, i can always learn the cutting-edgy technologies and apply them to projects in a short period of time. as a creative self-starter, i have unique insights and understanding of it industry. as an efficient doer, i never hesitate to use my skill sets to convert my ideas to a tangible product. in less than two months after i graduated from college, i have already initiated a self start up project - locationbook. i am playing multiple roles (such as project manager, ui designer, architect, ios/front/back end developer, etc. ) to efficiently and effectively manage this project. locationbook will be launched before sep, 2012.  currently, i am looking for a professional platform for me to integrate my industry insights and skill sets.  specialties  ios development, full-stack web application development, ror and j2ee development, front-end technologies (html, css, javascript, jquery), 
i'm an experienced ios mobile developer, app designer, app-trepreneur and app enthusiast. i have worked with individual clients as well as large organizations and entities. i have helped clients publish their apps to the appstore that have achieved a great success.   core disciplines   - ios development - swift - objective-c - xcode - firebase - core data - spritekit - game development - mobile programming - unity 3d - c# - cryptography - node.js/express - mysql - mongodb - python - django - html - css - javascript - adobe photoshop - adobe illustrator - final cut pro - security penetration tester ,
aesthetic-focused professional with high-set personal goals. a true creative with a mind for code and and an eye for design.  proficiency in  - swift - ios development/design - adobe illustrator/photoshop  experience with  - objective c - java - python - php - html/css - adobe suite - final cut pro - git/github - google maps api - aws api - ddp protocol - restful services - ble connection - iot - data mining , procore technologies 
expertise in ios mobile application development using objective-c, xcode 4.5 and ios frameworks like cocoa touch.      1 year of working experience in ios software development including understanding of object oriented design patterns and how to apply it in objective-c and cocoa touch environment     comprehension of model-view-controller (mvc) architectural patterns and frameworks     knowledge of programming languages like objective c and java     experience with mobile application development using iphone sdk, objective-c and xcode.      experience developing and implementing core library functions for iphone application development     experience with manual memory management and arc     experience in developing and implementing custom libraries built to function with different versions of iphone     used json parsing to retrieve data for displaying on the iphone from server     knowledge of multithreading.     good knowledge and exposure object oriented programming languages in developing business objects.     strong experience in  rest , json.      well versed with software development life cycle (sdlc) process which includes analysis, designing, development, testing and implementation. 
i'm a ios developer  strong  objective c | swift | core data | git | sprite kit | agile development | api integration (oauth, xml, json, rest, etc.) | sqlite database | autodesk maya| autodesk inventor| 3ds max | adobe photoshop  experienced   c/c++| parse| firebase | 3d unity | mel | lua 
i'm an ios developer based in washington, dc. i've been working with the ios sdk since 2008, and all of my apps are fully native. i have extensive experience in both objective-c and swift with core data, mapkit, core location, and interaction with web services. i'm available for hire on a contract basis, so if you have an app that you need to develop, please get in touch! , timschmitz 
proficient in swift and ios development.  graduated with a bachelors degree in computer science with honors from uc irvine.  successfully passed all three exams of the rigorous chartered financial analyst (cfa) program.  excellent analytical and critical thinking skills with high attention to detail.   self-motivated with a proven record of meeting challenges. 
as a software engineer my biggest passion is to craft quality solutions that have a positive and meaningful impact on the end user. , nike 
started working at lyft  2015-2017  i'm currently working for yahoo on the fantasy sports team. in my spare time i like to build open source projects for ios development.  2014  i'm a student at the university of michigan pursuing a be in computer science. i was previously enrolled as a dual degree student in the business school here, but after 2 years i realized i had gotten all i wanted out of it, and decided to graduate early with a cs degree. the summer going into my sophomore year i started teaching myself ios and web development and have been plugging away ever since.
i am an experienced ios software engineer with a demonstrated history of shipping and maintaining ios apps on the app store. i am a leader in my organization and i enjoy mentoring junior developers. in my spare time i like learning about and experimenting with new software in the swift and ios ecosystem. 
i am an ios developer who is passionate about good design and user experience..i really enjoy working with technology and coding. i am very passionate about exploring new technologies as well as working with passionate and enthusiastic people to provide solution to complex problems. i always try to provide good technical guidance to my team members and work as a bridge between management and developers as well as mange a healthy relationship with all the clients.  my goal everyday is to develop innovating and user friendly application in the guidance of hci of any ubiquitous devices.
i   m someone who believe mobile apps are the future, it provides better user experience than a traditional app. to build dynamic mobile apps that can make people life easier. 
curious web developer using mainly xcode, swift, nodejs and sql in boston. previously developed web applications in react, node, and rails in the bay area. currently happily employed. on the side am developing a chatbot using react and psql that makes nutritional suggestions based on what you've eaten. in the past i studied computational linguistics, and used support-vector-machines, neural-networks, genetic-algorithms, naive-bayes-classification, p-tests, t-tests, and other statistical methods to analyze sentiment in text-samples from large datasets.   my hobbies include researching algorithms and design philosophies for the next generation of ai. additionally i have an english degree from sfsu, which helps conceptualize and quickly develop solutions to abstract problems.  two favorite coding/philosophy books  clean code, by robert martin
after receiving my bachelor's in computer science, my passion for ios development emerged soon after. for the past year and a half, i have been teaching myself the swift programming language and creating apps for the iphone. with one app deployed onto the app store completely built by me, i am confident that i have the skills necessary to get things done. i am looking forward to transform my passion into a full time developer role.
ios developer with 3+ years of experience utilizing object oriented programming. i   ve built a wide variety of apps, including three apps that i have submitted to the app store. strong understanding of core ios frameworks including, core data, nsurlsession, mapkit, avfoundation, and uikit among others. ,
i am an ios developer working hard to help make accessible technology that can help others in their daily life. 
ryan has been passionate about ios since the release of the first iphone.  he currently works as a ios engineer at intuit.  he has also self-published over 20 apps in apple's app store.  his skill set includes the following   excellent knowledge / experience with   ios, watchos, xcode swift, objective-c git, bitbucket, and source tree parsing json and xml in multithreaded projects cocoapods such as alamofire core data, core bluetooth apple pay, visa checkout, master pass mapkit, google maps, core location ios login using  facebook, twitter, google plus rxswift graphql itunes connect ,
ios developer at fantasypros.  received bachelors of science in computer science degree from colorado state university in may 2016. 
currently building tech and tools for health care providers to more efficiently take care of their patients and monitor their treatments. h
i am a student at uvu working toward a computer science degree.  i took a semester off to attend devmountain full time, a 12-week immersive ios course, in order to gain more hands-on work experience. i completed devmountain in november 2018 and am looking to for a full-time job as a junior developer. 
currently working at my dream job with my dream company, salesforce. .ios and android developer.software engineer with experience in ios, tvos, roku and web application development 
five years of industry and academic experience in software development using objective c ,java and j2ee technologies with over two years of experience in ios mobile application development objective c.     extensive knowledge in object oriented programming, databases and software development methodologies.     expertise in test driven development using ocmock, junit, mockito (mocking frameworks).     excellent skills in debugging and version control system (git) commands.      proficient in database concepts and writing fine-tuned sql queries.
high-energy, confident professional with an infectious enthusiasm for technology. motivated self-starter  able to spark interest and take initiative. enjoys learning new skills and quickly adapts to organizational changes. independent and self-motivated with excellent research and collaboration skills  able to grow positive relationships with clients and colleagues at all organizational levels.  ios development  swift | objective-c | xcode | interface builder | uikit |  cloudkit | core data | core location | networking | restful apis | json parsing | user notifications | mvc | debugging | git | github , jimmyiosdev , 
results-oriented software developer experienced in full project lifecycle. strong integration problem-solving skills. i understand the importance of writing highly readable source code and value the importance of testing. comfortable working on the client facing application as well as the back end application. 
my name is mark vader, and i   m currently looking for a job in ios development. since 2009, i have released  6 apps of my own to the app store and worked as a contractor on many others. i have a bachelor   s and master   s degree in mechanical engineering. i know swift, objective-c, and am familiar integrating ios apps with web apps and servers via node js.  i have worked on the lds church   s gospel library app for ios which has over 1 million installs. , mvader ,
ios development fellow at pursuit, an intensive 10-month software developer training program. , levidavismmi ,
built and published an ios app as an indie developer with the goal to help users enhance their shared-living experiences , keeptruckin 
i am an ios engineer focused on developing beautiful and friendly user interfaces. i developed an ios app displaying relevant news articles and products based on a user   s photos and mobile sensors. i also designed, developed, and launched cowtipper which was featured on the app store. it is for both ios and watchos and helps users properly tip at restaurants. ,
lawyer turned software developer. , dc_skinner ,
recent graduate of virginia commonwealth university and ios developer 
when i was pursuing my undergrad in electronics and communication engineering, the taste for high-level programming languages got a hook on me. when i developed my first application, the sense of satisfaction made me even more hungry to explore deeper.   currently, as a computer science graduate student, i'm living my dreams and i love it. now i've developed myself to a point where i do freelance projects for my clients. delivering the projects and getting feedback from clients motivates me to improve in this ever-evolving industry.  meeting new people and making new connection gives me immense joy. feel free to say hello.  specialties swift   java  python  c  c++  mysql  full stack javascript  mongodb   aws services  ec2,emr,s3,iam 
ios & macos developer experienced in swift, objective-c, sql, php, html & css. ,
i have been a professional developer for two years. before that, i spent the past decade at mcfly studio creating content for the media industries. 
a computer science graduate student, having decent skill-set in ios development, web database application development, devops and database development. 
have a total of 6 years of experience in designing, developing, delivering and maintaining ios apps in app store.  have a total of 11 and a half years experience in project management and software development for real time embedded systems, primarily intelligent network systems, digital switching systems, transmission systems and ip telephony products.  specialties  i have a good understanding of ios platform with swift as programming language. i have a good background in telecommunication domain and various itu-t standards/rfcs and protocols. deep experience in project  and client management through the complete lifecycle. ,
pursuing a bachelor's degree in mathematics/computer science at the university of california san diego. currently learning ios app development at codepath while working as a part time manager at ucsd housing dining and hospitality. , collabs 
software engineer with 9+ years of professional experience building applications for ios and web, with a insatiable penchant for learning. i specialize in building modular front ends and have a good eye for design that comes from my formal educational experience that resulted in obtaining my masters degree in fine art. highly technical, always creative and thorough, i strive in writing object-oriented, maintainable systems in code that are composed of highly modular, customizable components that encourage reuse.  - advanced skills in swift, obj-c, javascript (including extensive framework knowledge, i.e. backbone/marionette, ember, react).   - advanced css skills, including preprocessors sass and less.  - experience working with java, python, and ruby.  - test-driven developer utilizing unit tests, as well as, acceptance tests as vital part of development work.  - my current work is mainly focused on building mobile applications for ios using swift. , surrealneil ,
8+ years of experience in software development.     5+ years of experience in iphone & ipad application     executed and coordinated environment in working with agile/scrum methodologies     excellent communication skills. able to work effectively with technical teammates, and hence ensuring the proper development of business and functional requirements ,
ios engineer with a passion for design, product and rock climbing. check out my portfolio
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in ios, swift, reactive programming, typescript, and mysql. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science (b.s.) focused in general engineering from california polytechnic state university - san luis obispo. ,
i'm an experienced developer and have been programming since i was 8 years old. i have accomplished the following in my professional career   - built a technology start up - gained expertise in swift and mobile in general - contributing to open source when i am able to do so , paypal 
software engineer with a bachelor's degree in computer engineering from the city college of new york. i am goal-oriented, love to collaborate, and i'm passionate about mobile development and ux design. 
experienced with  ios, watchos, objective-c, swift, xcode, uikit, reusable components, design systems, ui tests, prototyping, pair programming, mvvm & mvc architectures, accessibility, internationalization  leadership  tech women   intuit - founding team member for women-in-tech network at intuit ladies at wwdc - founder of annual women   s ios developer meetup at wwdc  extras  inventor - patent us8751316b1, customer-controlled point-of-sale on a mobile device former figure skater and figure skating coach - competitive for 10 years  technical blog
highly ambitious ios developer with 5  years of experience and high proficiency in all apple creation software, ios, os x, swift, swiftui,objective c, xcode, mobile application programming interfaces,  java, sql,  and frameworks like core location, coredata, firebase, core ml, createml, mapkit, rxswift,swiftlint
i am a ios engineer at imanage in chicago. i   ve previously worked in quality doing automation against ios and web applications. i graduated summa cum laude from depaul university in mathematics and computer science with a focus in software development in november of 2014. 
extensive experience in swift, objective-c, java  experience in  c, c++, python, and php  exposure to perl, go, javascript, html, and css  tools  git, mysql, node.js, mongodb, xcode, eclipse, spritebuilder, soapui, and mathematica 
great combination of product management, design and ios developer skills all wrapped in one!  skills    - passionate ios developer with unusual combination of ux design and product management experience - successfully launched bento rock iphone app after one and half months of development - can crank out high-quality graphics, photographs for sites at a rapid pace using scripts  accustomed to working with fast-paced teams  languages  english (native), german (fluent) 
as an urban designer turned ios developer, i make it my goal to help create smart, livable and environmentally friendly cities with the aid of new technologies     iot, machine learning, and smart phones as an agent. my current interest is building user-friendly mobile applications to connect various things - sensors, goods, places, and people that will help encourage urban innovation by providing meaningful interactions among the things. 
detail oriented programmer with strong problem solving skills. loves new challenges.  i am currently employed at realself as an ios developer. , realself 
i am a person who appreciates logical systems, and challenging work.  my greatest strength is an attention to detail, which allows me to understand how individual parts or components function within the greater whole.  in addition, i am able to easily follow logical paths of thought to identify and resolve issues which would otherwise be missed.  i am a respectful teammate, but one who is not afraid to identify issues within the team, and bring them up in a diplomatic and professional manner.  i am interested in expanding my experience in software engineering and development. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in game design, user experience, php, android, and jquery. strong engineering professional graduated from devry university. ,
i am an accomplished ios developer with a growing collection of apps on the app store. in addition to my own apps i have contributed to three other apps and several github projects. i was a computer science major in college and extended my knowledge and abilities when i attended code fellows' 8-week intensive ios dev accelerator.   projects  apps in the app store / contributor apps, tools and cocoapods bubblesup addictive bubble popping game , easy to use extension of uicolor , project using the iphone's camera and flash to send and receive morse code contributed to unbogl updated app for 
experienced in designing, developing and testing enterprise mobile native apps using ios (iphone/ipad/universal) sdk.     experience using mobile apis and specific functions of ios such as  core foundation, uikit, core location, storyboards, local storage in core data, social accounts, apple maps, google maps, push notifications, avfoundation framework, alamo fire, swiftyjson, realm asynchronous tasks.     experienced in creating and custom uiviews, table views, tab bars and navigation bar, which are some basic functionalities in a multi-view application.     experienced in working with storyboard and interface builder and developed apps using various ios  design patterns (mvc
have a very strong background with the apple platform (ios, macos, watchos, tvos) and knowledge in marketing. always push for my best on any project i have been assigned, love exploring new technology and learn on new things to develop using new skills and i am looking forward for better opportunities out there. prefer to work on tasks that challenge me intellectually and allow me to think outside the box.  specialities   ios development, website development, project management, database management   main programming languages  swift, java, html , css ,php , xml, pl\sql  personal skills  leadership, project management, problem management, critical thinking.
host   swiftcoders podcast | ios engineer   tinder | california lawyer | creating the greatest expression of myself and helping build an environment in which like-minds can co-create, enjoy, and share. , garricn 
have 9 years of experience in mobile application design and development. -have experience in domain of retail, banking, manufacturing, life science and insurance. -possess exceptional analytical, troubleshooting, organizational, communication, prioritization, problem solving and leadership skills with ability to create and sustain high work tempo.  -experience in interacting with clients from different geographies in the world. ,
software engineer with a passion for software development and computer graphics.
software developer with many years of experience.  recently worked on ios development coding in swift. 
over 20 years of commercial and enterprise software design, development and analysis experience, with increasing responsibilities in highly demanding industries. for the last 9 years he has been developing enterprise and commercial mobile applications for apple platforms. 
good experience in developing ios apps using swift, objective-c, react-native     experience in webrtc, amazon chime, jitsi.     experience in javascript, android     experience in ci/cd and test automation tools drone ci, travis ci, xctest, mocha     experience in troubleshooting and monitoring tools instruments, splunk, kibana     experience in using aws services like ec2, cloud formation, lambda, api gateway etc           experience in agile (scrum, kanban) software methodologies. ,
i   m trained in creative writing and journalism, yet am passionate about illustration, design, and internet technologies   especially those that benefit society through education, communication, and language learning. i have over twenty years of experience working with internet-building technologies, both web and mobile. i speak english fluently, and can speak and read japanese at a high level. 
ios developer and working on machine learning projects. finishing computer science master program at university of colorado thanks to the balsells scholarship. ,
i graduated from drexel university. i major in computer engineering. i am very proficient in programming using c++, objective-c and swift. i have more than 4 years of development experience in c++ and 4 years hand-on experience in ios development. i have published an ios app (knwon       ) on the app store. ,
ios developer with design background. keen eye for design and proven ability to collaborate with designers and improve user interface. high attention to detail. nearly four years of startup experience, resulting in ability to create optimal products with limited resources. solutions-focused problem solver with a strong sense of ownership. ,
5+ years ios developer and successful released multiple applications to the app store. experienced in uikit, coredata, core graphic, core animation, cocoa touch, objective-c and xcode. experienced with third-party libraries like cocoapods, afnetworking, magicalrecords, sdwebimage etc. demonstrated track record of providing significant contribution throughout the development lifecycle. proven ability gathering and analysis, technical specifications, coding, code quality, debugging, user interface design and implementation.excellent in communication, analytical and presentation skills.   technical skills  languages  objective-c , swift, c, c++
experienced engineer specialized in swift / objective-c on ios, based in new york city. i build applications for apple platforms since 2012. i work on projects with a skilled engineering team of folks at evil martians for clients such as ebay, gett, news360, fountain, groupon, etc. before, i used to work for jetradar to deliver their ios apps to thousands of users in russia and eastern europe. i also created the app for sports.ru.  i'm passionate about creating great user experiences and writing clear, maintainable code. upholding best practices in software design and engineering. i attended wwdc multiple times and i always strive to improve my skills and learn new technologies. i used to write my apps in objective-c for years until i transitioned to swift in 2014. , rshevchuk 
ios developer with experience in both objective-c and swift. i have released several apps to the app store in both languages. currently i am a bootcamp student at laguardia's techhire program. i am learning full-stack java development and hope to expand my skillset to the android platform.
entrepreneur and software engineer who specializes in creating and developing video applications and interactive games primarily for the iphone and ipad. co-founded trifeckta software     startup focusing on mobile games. , avenue code 
currently finishing up my undergraduate in computer science and working for a startup in la. i primarily develop ios applications, but i also have experience building back-end systems with aws. 
i am an ios developer with 1.5 years of experience.  i enjoy solving the kinds of problems ios development provides.  i have a knack for writing and refactoring code that works and is easy for others to understand.   i enjoy learning new technologies and improving the skills i have. i'm currently looking for an ios developer position.
i develop full-stack solutions for some of the largest companies in the world.  primary trade and the dearest to my heart is ios development. since the announcement of the itunes app store i have feverishly worked hard to become one of the most proficient objective-c / swift developers in the world. my work has touched some of the most well-known commerce clients in the world. these days i work closely to lead teams by non-traditional means (fighting on the ground with the troops, leading by example of actions and not words, etc) to mentor and grow aspiring talent. very hands on and collaboratively fostering environments.  for many years i have worked on trying to solve problems that have impacted me and i continue to push forward personal interest projects as a full stack developer from dev ops to databases, backend to frontend, and everything in between.  i consider myself highly proficient in the following areas   1. ios (swift / objective-c) 2. angular 2/4/5/6/7 3. sql, mysql, postgres 4. react & react native 5. aws (s3, cloudfront, route 53, ec2) 6. database structures 7. node js 8. html / css3 / javascript, things everyone can do  and what i would consider  familiar with  and  able to get myself into trouble with    1. android (kotlin, some java)  if you're seeking technical overview or assistance, don't hesitate to reach out. ,
i thrive at the intersection of product, design, and engineering, working collaboratively to design and develop the best products possible. my passions lie in building products with great user experiences, writing high-quality and thoughtful code, and leading teams to achieve their maximum potential.   most recently, at opentable, i led development on guest center ios, the company   s flagship restaurant management software. i worked with a highly-capable team of experienced and junior engineers developing the system that forms the backbone of opentable   s business. 
good experience in developing multithreaded enterprise ios applications using technologies like swift 3.0/4.0, xcode 8/9, couchbase(nosql) and coredata. currently looking for a good challenging role in a highly motivated team. i prefer writing good quality code and like problem-solving. 
love creating things that make people smile. whether i   m building apps or creating content, i   m passionate about discovering the most creative ways to delight the user/audience.  i firmly believe that there   s an answer to every problem and i consistently strive to find solutions, especially when a clear path doesn   t exist.   designing the software for my photo booth company taught me how to create software that can be easily understood at first glance. being able to watch users physically interact with my apps at events has allowed me to constantly learn from my failures and improve on my strengths.   creating content on tiktok has been a very similar journey for me. experiment with new content, build on what works, and learn from my mistakes.   i   ve always been very optimistic about the future, and i want to leave a positive impact on the world and inspire others to do the same. 
programmer for ios and other unix-like environments, with seven years' experience in development . excellent at working cooperatively with other people. fluent in english, chinese, turkish , objective-c, and swift. i make it my goal to create software with the user in mind, creating applications with a useable and intuitive user interface experience. i also understand the importance of creating highly readable and easily maintainable source code. i am constantly striving to learn new technologies and look to ways to better myself in this rapidly changing industry.   technical skills  ____________  programming languages   objective-c , swift , php ,javascript,readily adaptable to other object-oriented languages. document/graphics languages   html5 , css3, markdown  application programming interfaces  proficient in cocoatouch (ios) [ proficient in uikit, proficient in coredata,proficient in foundation, and others ]   readily adaptable to most objective-c-based or swift-based apis.  database  sqlite, mysql
eight years of architecting, designing, developing, and debugging software/video games on platforms such as windows, web, and mobile devices using ios. three years experience using c++, 6 years experience in mobile ios development using objective-c and swift, and 2 years web development where i mostly used html and css, also picked up the basics of javascript and python using the wordpress ide.  efficient working with the terminal and using bash/batch scripting. these have all been accomplished as a self-taught developer. , andremvp23 
key qualifications                                                     ios developer working with ios 13 sdk, swift, objective-c, cocoa touch, uikit, xcode, interface builder, testflight, git, jira, postman, and charles proxy on a daily basis.      solid understanding of the entire ios development cycle     from code to app store connect.      proficient with ios frameworks including auto layout, core data, core bluetooth, core location, and grand central dispatch.      experience with developing for watchkit.      eight years of proven success in exceeding client expectations doing full-time native ios development.      strong self learner with a desire to stay highly informed on best practices and latest developments to apple   s ios mobile platform.      continuously focused on providing an excellent user experience via clean, maintainable, performant code.      competent app designer when needed alongside writing code.      professional
8 years of professional and research experience in ios application development.     working as a lead ios developer at salesforce for einstein analytics mobile app team.     focussed on designing app   s architecture, improving overall quality and extendability.     designed and implemented several key and highly used features of einstein analytics mobile app over the years with focus on scalability and performance.     good knowledge in working with jenkins and other ci tools like fastlane.tools to enable continuous integration.     strong expertise in building offline capabilities into mobile apps.     research experience in advanced image processing on ios applications using opencv.     strong experience working with fintech for in-app payments.     strong knowledge in javascript and frameworks like angularjs, nodejs and express. ,
great analytical skills to help identify and solve problems efficiently.     perseverant, responsible, disciplined and creative.     eager to learn and adopt new technologies.      fast learner. ,
i'm an entrepreneur with a passion for technology. i have keen interest in programming, working on both front-end and back-end platforms. i have over 6 years experience with app development and have worked on some great projects.  i specialise in swift, rxswift, uikit, swiftui, ios development, kotlin, java, android development, front-end and back-end development. 
technology enthusiast who relishes on-going learning about the latest developments, understanding trends in the evolution of technology, and applying that knowledge. , pbacchi 
ios developer, graduate of the (or the other) stony brook university. the long and short of it, i like to make things. i have a fun time solving interesting problems, preferably with a product focus, and building a business, so if you have something along those lines, please let me know.  i'm fluent in swift, objective-c, and a little rusty on my java. i have done work for ios, android, and windows phone (yes, really), and some backend. i most enjoy working on mobile, preferably on the iphone. my main point of focus is product, user interfaces, and interaction design, but also have experience doing back end. i also know enough rails/django to help out if there's a need there, and have done enough go to be dangerous.  specialties       oodles of ios work. (like poodles without the p.)     ui/ux (this line looked too short so i'm adding this parenthetical sentence).      i've run the social accounts for a porcupine (instagram.com/porcupuck)
senior ios developer with 5+ years of experience in the field, moved to the us to live with my wife. green card holder and able to relocate. career goals are to work in an active, challenging environment  to continuously learn and improve my skillset, and to keep up to date with the current development trends in the industry. dedicated to creating captivating ui/ux, and willing to go the extra mile to deliver a well-oiled, smoothly working solution. 
extensive background in ux/ui design, project management and technical program management.     broad product experience including desktop applications, hardware devices and embedded operating systems, mobile applications, server products, developer tools and platforms.     experience managing complex projects across functional teams internally, remotely and with external partners around the globe.     proven ability to understand, synthesize and distill complex end user, market, business, and technical requirements into effective product plans.      excellent written and verbal communication skills with passion for understanding customer needs.     adept at learning new skills and technologies and problem solving. i enjoy building software to solve real world problems, using collaborative design processes. ,
continuously striving to learn more about ios development and use those skills in my work.
recently graduated student with masters in computer engineering from ira fulton schools of engineering, arizona state university with. i have been developing ios mobile applications from the past two and a half years. highly hardworking, quick learner and a good team player. seeking an entry level position. 
7 years of extensive experience of designing and developing enterprise level ios and web application development 4+ years of experience in ios mobile application development using ios sdk, cocoa touch, swift and xcode. created and customized uiviews, uitableviews, uicollectionviews, uiscrollviews, uitabbars and uinavigationbars which are some of the basic functionalities in multiview applications. experienced in enterprise based application using coredata and realm database experienced in using jsonserialization, codable protocol and swiftyjson to parse json data from restful web service and dynamically displaying the data on iphone/ipad. extensive working knowledge of multithreading including grand central dispatch and nsoperation proficient in all phases of agile software development life cycle (sdlc) with strategically designing, implementing, fixing and maintaining the software. thorough understanding of design patterns, mvc, mvp & mvvm architecture, and other concepts including delegation, singleton, notificationcenter, key-value observing. experienced in data persistence using coredata, realm
software engineer with experience in swift and objective-c on ios. background includes marketing, film and video. , thebourbondev ,
ios developer with a strong passion for delivering excellent tech products for the users.  i want to use my technical skills to create applications t
ios software engineer.  an analytical thinker, i enjoy providing simple solutions to interesting problems.  i live to create new things and leave a meaningful impact on the world. 
programmer with 5 years of experience in swift and python. most work consist of automating task for businesses and creating mobile applications.
ios software developer, i have both completed and contributed to a number of native ios apps in both swift and objective-c.  i enjoy working  with and as part of a development team.  i have encountered many difficult challenges and enjoy the process of deriving a solution and crafting useful tools that people enjoy.    i love learning, hiking, and tinkering. , randoramma 
i'm a mobile and web developer, with a focus on ios. my background includes server and client-side development, web development, databases, unix/linux systems, cloud technologies (e.g. aws, parse, node.js), and languages including objective-c, javascript, php, and java.  my recent consulting work includes prototyping technologies developed at adobe's creative technologies lab, building applications for communicating via bluetooth with custom hardware, and developing applications for use on the floor of san francisco's exploratorium museum. in the past i've developed high-availability content management systems for media companies.  i have experience with the entire app development lifecycle, from design and implementation through acceptance on the app store, as well as enterprise distribution. i have a deep knowledge of core ios frameworks and mvc design principles. my focus includes technologies such as networking, bluetooth, graphics
i'm a former maintenance supervisor transitioning into a career of full stack ios software engineering. i chose ios development because its a technology that i am passionate about. it lets me bring my ideas to life while helping many people in their daily tasks. i love apple's solid, and easy to use development environment, 
i'm an experienced ios developer with qa and frontend development skills with react . i have worked with individual clients as well as startups to medium size companies. i worked together with a team of developers building out different functionalities of exisiting apps as well as making the app from conception to completion. my thoughts when working on an app is to keep certain principles in mind 1.the  architecture of application should be properly designed and must allow easy scalability 2. having a deep knowledge of applied technologies and keep up with the latest technologies and innovations that will help solve essential problems.  3. and to implements unit testing  i'm a passionate programmer with an entrepreneurial spirit who is eager to learn and improve. i also have my own app existing app in the app store.  specialty      frameworks  foundation, uikit, mapkit, corelocation, avfoundation, mediaplayer, xctest, core data, assetslibrary, photos.     networking   nsurlconnection, nsurlsession.     third party  cocoa pod,  realm, afnetworking, kingfisher to name a few ,
completed master's degree in information systems at northeastern university. at northeastern, i have developed skills in ios development, web design and java. familiar with swift 3, objective-c, java, javascript, j2ee, json, internet of things.  i have published ios apps to app store.  it shows the predicted time for boston subways and locates them on the map in real-time.     parsed the json data fetched from mbta-realtime api v2 using swiftyjson library to show subway predictions.     app locates the boston subways on maps in real-time using mapkit and updates the location when required.     app shows subway routes, stops, walking and driving route from user location to the subway stop.   completed my bachelor's degree in computer science from birla institute of technology, mesra. during my bachelors, i had pursued courses like data structure and algorithms, java, html, unix & c programming, linux programming
web and mobile developer with a focus on building native ios applications using swift/swiftui. 
i   m an ios developer who has a passion for programming and helping people solve problems through software.  i specialize in swift and objective-c, but i also enjoy challenging myself and trying other exiting programming languages & technologies.  when i'm not programming, you'd probably find me playing a round of pickleball, fishing, camping, or other outdoor activities.   
i'm a passionate ios developer with experience in creating/maintaining apps at all stages. in addition, my entrepreneurial spirit makes me multifaceted and knowledgeable beyond the scope of technology.
i am a passionate ios developer and software engineer with experience building impactful iphone and ipad apps. programming for the past 8 years, i have worked with swift, cocoapods,  coredata, realm, xctest, java, python, node.js, express.js, html5 & css3, firebase / google cloud platform, mongodb, ui / ux design, agile development, automation, testing, git
a veteran software developer  he's been making professional software for over two decades at avid, discreet (a division of autodesk), media 100's terran interactive division, grouper networks, and apple and others.  specialties  developer of commercial software, specializing in professional and consumer markets.  knowledge of multimedia tools development, streaming media, project management, swift, objective-c, c/c++, and c#. 
i'm an ios developer and designer who cares about craftsmanship. i like working with swift and playing with go and elixir. 
a recent usc graduate with a bachelors of science in computer science and business administration. i have a strong passion for technology and innovation, with a keen interest in web and mobile applications, animation and entertainment. 
the most important thing to know, whenever you   re trying to start anything, is that you'll never truly be ready to start' ,
over 8 years of experience in software industry working on native mobile development based ios applications for iphone, ipad were involved in application architecture as well as software development.     development of customer-facing and enterprise ios mobile applications in a variety of industries.     experience implementing elements for mobile interfaces such as maps, web view, grids, tabs, collections, navigation controllers, relative layouts, list views and social networks just to name some.     experience with swift programming (swift 1 to 4).     worked on latest versions of ios and xcode, iphone sdk, and cocoa touch framework for the development process and well versed with latest changes in the industry.      created and customized views, table views, tab bars and navigation bars which are some basic functionality in a multi-view application.     experienced in xml and json parsing, multithreading using both 1st part and 3rd party frameworks including nsxmlparser, and nsjson serialization     expertise in mvc, mvp, design architecture, cocoa design patterns and concepts like delegation
computer science  and mathematics graduate. coding and cryptocurrency enthusiast interested in ios development. also interested in using mathematics to solve complex problems in fields such as ai and game development.
adept in mobile application and desktop applications development. knowledgeable in how to design and manage ios mobile applications in hectic schedules. excellent interpersonal and leadership skills. appreciated for problem solving skills and providing workable and efficient fixes within a quick turn around time. 
passionate software engineer with a flare for ios development, learning and growing more as both a software engineer and a person. well versed in swift, javascript, python, c and more. ,
ios engineer with 3+ years of work experience having proficiency in ios application development. i'm on the endless path of learning, developing, sharing, discussing and testing new technologies  especially mobile technologies.
professional software developer holding a master of software engineering and a bachelor of science with specialty in finance from auburn university. experienced in .net stack with a focus on backend web solutions. also possesses four years of experience in corporate finance/accounting, and an apple developers license with mobile app development in objective-c/swift. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the entertainment and software industry. skilled in requirements analysis, itil, agile methodologies and user interface design. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology (btech) focused in information technology from narsee monjee institute of management studies. 
competent and results orientated individual with experience in developing ios applications. 
ios developer with a strong background in programming fundamentals, in-depth knowledge of ios, debugging, and a passion for designing sleek, intuitive mobile user experiences  excels in fast-paced environments that are open to change and innovation with over nine years of experience in various types of technology industries.  ios  (iphone/ipad)  developer experience creating multi-threaded, core data and parse based applications,  3rd party api integration,  experience submitting applications into apple appstore.    strong  objective-c, c++, agile development, pair-programming experienced  swift , c, avfoundation, cllocation, parse, coredata, corefoundation, coregraphics
developing mobile apps for the ios platform with over 7 years experience. founding member of  a tech company where we mainly focus on building products that delight the end user.
ios mobile developer with a demonstrated base history of working in the computer software industry. a strong business development professional with a bachelor of art focused in computer science from rutgers university-new brunswick. , iheartradio 
specialties  - ios development - objective-c - windows device driver development - usb bus protocol, usb video, audio and hid device classes - video capture devices - c 
programming and design of iphone and ipad apps and prototypes (objective-c/swift, cocoa touch)  strategies and concepts for ios apps  development of android apps.  published iphone app ( the power of green  for con edison) has been featured in the    what   s hot    section of the app store and won a w3 design award.  provider of solutions from concept to execution, including mobile, web, and interactive design and front-end development  extensive development experience with and for fortune 500 clients  solid technical and programming skills, including objective-c/swift/cocoa touch, android/java, html/css, javascript, actionscript.  selected clients  hearst  livelike  cbs  consolidated edison company of new york  commentsold  aetna  saab-sensis corporation  sapient/general electric  washington post.newsweek interactive  cool gray seven/urbanzen  time inc. content solutions  studio holling/naacp legal defense fund  heartbeat digital  arvato systems/bertelsmann  colgate-palmolive.  specialties       mobile, iphone, ipad, apple watch, tvos design and development,      objective-c and swift,     augmented and virtual reality,     android design and development.      web
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. passionate about creating exceptional user experiences through technology with a strong interest in mobile application development and ui/ux design.  experience with  ios development, swift, java, html, css, typescript, angularjs, hibernate, sql  design tools  
i specialize in identifying the best  ios  developers on the market from a junior to senior level and placing them with companies they are best suited to. 
operating systems  mac os x, linux, windows programming languages  objective-c, swift, c++, c vcs  git, svn ide  xcode, qtcreator frameworks  opengl es 2.0, core location, core data ,
i am hard working, determent and creative. i do not give up when i am under pressure, when things do not go towards my way and when things get hard, instead i always keep thinking positive and keep going forward. my objective is to be the best at everything i do. ,
software engineer with a love for web and mobile app development ,  studied at the tel-aviv academic college - bsc. in computer science.  knowledge in  ios, objective c, swift, html, css, c, c++, javascript, jquery, c#, networking.  fast learner, hardworking, punctual, and creative. , misty_hunt 
experienced ios developer with previous employment in energy and health sectors. proficient in a variety of web and mobile technologies. currently lead ios developer for wakelet 
it recruitment specialist   software engineering placements in europe  - coming from a sales background focused in the it industry, my knowledge is now being put to use finding the best suited candidates for challenging and hard to fill roles. ,
ios development in swift and objective-c v clean architecture and design approaches. long term exposure to mvc, mvvm and extensive experience with viper v extreme programming (tdd, agile, pair programming) v continuous integration (buddybuild, jenkins, travis, os x server) v advanced  core data, animation, core graphics, storekit, realm, keychain, oauth v experience working in teams of all sizes. closely collaborating with business and design v coaching and mentoring of junior developers  for full cv and portfolio of works, please get in contact privately. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in backend programming, and ios development. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology focused in computer science.
with over 20 years of experience in software development i   ve gained a broad experience from working in industries such as oil exploration, engineering and games development. for the most part i   ve been specialised in the design and development of commercial and in-house desktop applications for microsoft windows though i have also worked on other platforms such as the xbox and playstation.  i   ve recently made a move away from full time employment to make a fresh start as an independent mobile app developer focused on the apple ios platform using xcode and swift. i   m now using my time to immerse myself in the technology, learning, developing and eventually publishing my own apps.  for most of my 12+ years in cambridge i worked as a senior software engineer with development skills mostly focused on using c# with .net/winforms/wpf/xaml/mvvm in visual studio. i also developed using java with awt/swing in eclipse for over 6 of those years.  i have excellent technical knowledge, analytical ability and organisational skills. i work with a high level of professionalism and commitment and take a very thorough approach to programming. my emphasis is on developing robust, quality code and applications that are easy to maintain, extend and use. i have also been comfortable with guiding colleagues in software design and implementation techniques.   in my spare time i have developed for the windows phone 7 mobile device for which i successfully published an app to the windows phone marketplace. i have also experimented with technologies such as xamarin, unity, xna and managed directx out of curiosity and professional interest. 
ios developer with experience in large scale technical support , apposing  the we source group recruitment team consists of an unusual and hugely talented bunch of ex-developers, designers, marketing experts, hardcore gamers and technology buffs who all share a common trait     an immovable passion for all things it.  having gained a well earned reputation for offering career enhancing job opportunities, the team consistently attract and seek out the very best talent for their select clientele.  if you are a talented individual seeking a new permanent, 
i have over 2 years experience in ios app development. currently i work as an ios developer at cadac holdings ltd. ,experienced ios engineer  ios developer , itouch systems ltd ,i have been developing native apps for ios devices since the launch of the iphone 3g back in 2008. in this time i have worked on an ever growing list of projects on a freelance and contract basis.  during this time i have gained experience working with most aspects of ios development, including in-app purchases, core animation, uikit, opengl es, graphics and physics engines, such as cocos2d, box2d and chipmunk, mapkit, audio and video streaming, photo, motion sensing, multi-touch, etc, etc.  i have commercial experience writing in both objective-c and swift.  i also have some native android development experience.  i'm equally happy to work on my own, or as part of a team.  in addition to coding, i also love hill walking
i began experimenting with ios (at the time called iphoneos) with the release of the very first iphoneos betas in 2008. shortly after i started my professional career as an ios developer working in a team of 2.   since then i worked at different companies, from big corporations to startups, and i also cofounded and helped running an app development agency for about 3 years.  i had the opportunity to witness all the transitions and evolutions that occurred in the past 10 years in the apple ecosystem.  after my first years as a professional ios developer i discovered a strong interest in ux and ui design. during the years working in an agency i had the opportunity to work on apps design, pitch app ideas and design specific features for our customers. that allowed me to gain experience on this other fields. , lucabartoletti 
skilled in ios development with mutliple projects within my portfolio. i have experience with an extensive array of frameworks over 1+ year experience in swift, examples of these include  arkit, corelocation, avfoundation and many more.  able to demonstrate strong analytical skills and outside-the-box thinking to create fresh and innovative ideas. extremely passionate about mobile technology. 
ios software developer with solid .net development background.  experience gained working on production projects as well as prototypes for prestigious clients like inditex, air products, philips and start-ups companies in europe, including spain and the netherlands.  during 2018 i am a participant on vi edition of the keepcoding startup engineering master bootcamp. git, github & sourcetree node.js ecmascript 6 deploy on servers  aws docker advanced ios development (cocoa / objective-c / swift 4) app store & ad hoc installations continuous integration firebase crash analytics advanced android development react agile project management  scrum entrepreneurship & productivity.  colombian and spanish nationality. 
i   m a person with an appetite for knowledge and passionate about taking ideas and making them a reality through software, technology and teamwork.  i'm very well versed in ios, swift, unit-testing, git and solid architecture which are where the majority of my experience has been. i've a very strong focus on code quality, automation and testing which i feel is the foundation of creating apps that can be maintained with minimal time and effort.  i've also had experience with android development, application security, and recently linux and web development. i relish the opportunity to broaden my skill set further. , dec_mck 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. have also recently been skilling up in android development for over a year. skilled in ios, cocoa touch, swift, objective-c, python and java. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science (bsc) focused in computer science specialising in robotics and artificial intelligence from university of hertfordshire. 
a self-taught ios developer currently using swift to build mobile applications. i   ve been learning swift over the last year and have developed a few small scale applications while working on bigger projects. i   m currently open to all types of opportunities as i   m looking to gain commercial experience in the ios mobile sector.
i am a software engineer specialising in ios (swift and objective c). i take pride in creating high quality applications using up to date tooling and best practices. during my career i have had the privilege of working on multiple high profile apps with some truly remarkable people where i have gained a large amount of experience in all aspects of software engineering and product delivery. 
ios, web developer, online marketing enthusiast! swift & blockchain technology     and what the future holds. 5 ios applications published in the app store and a few web projects.      personal dapp on ethereum blockchain and ipfs. i am always fascinated and obsessed for details and overall perfectionism.   i have been working on a startup to launch first bitcoin atm in uk (bitcoin atm ltd.) 
skilled and motivated swift ios developer with four years' experience writing highly readable, clean and maintainable code. proven ability to work as part of a team or independently. adept at technical troubleshooting and anticipating future potential problems. experience in leading a small start-up company into releasing an ios and android application connected to the blockchain network. developed mywealthmap, vodafone 6.0, npower, o2 academy, scooch and myheating by warmup. extensive knowledge in developing in code using pure layout and stackviews. successfully executed many updates for existing applications during my time at black swan data. experienced with requirements engineering, project planning, and development management. ,
royaume-uni , i   m an ios developer     . i have experience writing apps from scratch, creating sdks and developer tools, hiring other developers, leading remote teams and being the sole developer on a project. i've worked with small startups and on apps used by tens of millions of people. i also organise community events  i   m most known for starting up nslondon and curating speakers for altconf. thanks for reading       . 
over 8 years of experience in ios development. i hold a ms in computer science and i am a fulbright scholar. , bcg digital ventures 
a skilled mobile application developer with over 18 years experience in the software industry. i have spent the last 10 years developing ios and android apps for a wide range of clients and industries.  my major experience is in ios development using both swift and objective-c  i have also created and maintained android apps over the last two years using kotlin.  i pride myself on my attention to detail and delivering high-quality software.
an ios developer with extensive experience developing mobile applications at scale.,based mobile (ios and     platforms) contract developer. my preferred stack includes swift, objective-c, python, go, c/c++ and more.  user experience is the paramount for me. i have special place in my hearth for tdd and agile techniques. love to talk about things, prototype, iterate and deliver at pace.  my skills have been battle tested by 18+ years of experience in various technical and management roles.
an experienced and highly resourceful software engineer with strong object-oriented skills and a deep passion for mobile software development.  ascertains a broad range of experience in numerous industry sectors and possesses both theoretical and hand-on experience with the entire software lifecycle. having worked as part of both small and large development teams, the need for excellent communication, applied software principles and correctly practiced software development methodologies is deeply appreciated. ,
results-oriented ios developer. i build software for people, and make it my goal to implement apps with a great user experience complimented with an inspiring user interface. i understand the importance of writing highly readable and maintainable code when working in teams or alone. i relentlessly push myself to learn and grow as fast as this industry changes by adopting new technologies and breaking out of my comfort zone. i have significant experience building apps from the ground up and actively pursue critical feedback.
it's not just to develop a piece of code, it's to create something new out of nothing! i love to be creative, solve problems and care about the users, who have to handle the software i wrote. ,
royaume-uni , ios developer! mostly creating and maintaining native ios apps using swift & objective-c. always doing my best to make user   s life easier. i like to keep things simple, stay agile and responsive, so i can meet requirements quickly. i am always looking out for tools and approaches that help me to stay more productive, then i share it to people around. i'm active in creation and development of projects that are in my responsibility. 
i   m an ios developer with strong experience in swift. i   ve been working for some big companies around the globe and i have experience on converting an idea into a successful app. i really love being part of conference about ios ecosystem and mobile technologies.   i   m always eager for learning so i spend a lot of time doing courses and improving my skills. learning and playing around with swiftui at the moment. , detharion 
10 years experience developing ios, tvos and watchos apps for media, publishing and education.  this has provided a practical understanding of       leading development teams with varying experience levels and needs     test-driven development in an agile environment     software architecture and solid software engineering principles     designing and implementing novel, animated user-experiences ,
experienced ios and macos developer with a demonstrated history of working in the e-learning industry. skilled in swift, objective-c, actionscript, application architecture, icon design, and user experience. 
extensive iphone, ipad, watchos and macos apps development experience ranging from startups to ftse 100 companies, banks and b2b.   based in edinburgh but willing to work in london, glasgow or remotely. will consider other locations, including outside of the uk. 
ios engineer with 5 years of professional ,experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. strong engineering professional skilled in microsoft excel, management, ios development, microsoft word, and sales. 
with a natural interest in software development i started to learn the fundamentals of web development at the age of ten. now at age 22, i have 4 years of professional ios development primarily using swift.  i find myself adapting quickly to new situations, proven by my ability to start contributing to an existing codebase on the same day i joined sky even with no prior knowledge of the swift language.  many people have complimented my ability to quickly produce not only working but testable and well documented code. i also have an interest in rapid prototyping, especially with new technologies, which is a benefit of my quick form and logical approach to problem solving. ,
8+ years swift, obj-c  developer. rxswift, xctest, quick & nimble, tdd, ci, mvvm, and atlassian suite , a highly resourceful, innovative, and competent ios engineer with extensive experience in the layout, design and development of mobile applications using modern programming languages. i have extensive knowledge of the development of web api   s using json and xml formats whilst working alongside the backend development team to ensure the best architectural structures are designed and developed to meet each individual clients criteria. i have over 6 years experience in developing applications and solutions for a wide range of corporate, public, and private sector clients and have the enthusiasm and ambition to complete projects to the highest standard.  i have excellent organisational skills, with the ability to work well within a team, whilst also being able to work to a very high standard on my own. i am an experienced team worker being able to produce a plan of action, should the situation arise. i am driven by enthusiasm and passion in what i am doing, which ultimately gives me motivation to succeed. ,
working as an independent software consultant , design and develop mobile applications. i'm specialising in ios native applications development both in b2c & b2b.highly motivated and strong technical ability to solve complex development scenarios . more than 20 years of software development experience. experience on every aspect of software development life cycle. technical lead and project co-ordination experience to manage several multi cultural team. experience on real time agile software development and evangelist .strong knowledge on ios,objectivec,swift,c/c++,object oriented programming, uml, design patterns, and mobile/embedded operating systems. i am energetic ,pro-active and a true team player.  specialties   key skills   - develop ios app using swift . - develop ios app in the mixed environment using swift and objectivc. - ios development best practices and clean code. - mobile application design and development. - tdd /bdd , mobile test automation - c++ - wide range of experience working with various different mobile platform (for example ios,android,symbian, qt c++ , bada , limo etc .  software development practices   - continuous integration , jenkins
strong decision-maker with more than 4 years of experience in software engineering and application development. effective coach and mentor and committed to leading exceptionally gifted teams. ready to work closely with both teams and customers to identify the most efficient and beneficial solutions for process improvement. 
i am proactive person searching for new challenges and shared satisfaction.  results-oriented software developer with more than 4 years experience. i make it my goal to create software with the user in mind, creating applications with a useable and intuitive user interface experience. i also understand the importance of creating highly readable and easily maintainable source code. i am constantly striving to learn new technologies and look to ways to better myself in this rapidly changing industry. ,
i have worked as an ios developer for over 5 years coding in swift and objective-c developing for iphone, ipad and macos. released over 20 apps, many reaching the top of their category   s app store charts. received a first class bsc in multimedia technology and design from the university of kent. 
my primary focus lies on delivering high quality apps. always keen on writing clean, maintainable code and implementing uis with priority on user experience and design.
senior ios engineer, 11 years experience as software engineer.  strong capability building apps using swift.  background in algorithms design in wireless industry.  particular expertise in ui, both in design reviews & implementation.  also experienced in people management and release management.  up to date with latest ios features and wwdc developments.
i am currently not looking for new role...   i have great passion for developing applications, i spend most of my time writing code if that is at work or in my spare time. i have recently started masters in mobile application development.   i have various skills  with various different programming language such as c#, vbscript, ironpython, sql, orcale databases, windows phone development and ios development using swift and basic knowledge objective-c.   my current self assigned project is to get json data from police api and locate and map street crimes in current geo-location which will help various people, who are planning to relocate to new location or even check if the area is safe for their children's. this project has now been completed and available from itunes  
i am an enthusiastic and passionate ios developer with graduate and master training in embedded systems. happy working alone but enjoy workplace interaction to develop innovative and commercial applications. in the last year i have been in an app agency where i started getting commercial experience using swift. i focused on getting better in ios, especially developing in my spare time using latest frameworks. ,
software engineer focused on growth.    helped create and scale the deliveroo ios app over 5 years.  experience building and working in fast moving experimentation teams.  background in ios, but works on what needs to be done (backend / web / android / analytics). 
highly professional software developer with over 20 years experience in both web and mobile development. i make it my goal to write code that is clean and re-usable with the right architecture in mind. i'm a hard working developer with a wide spectrum of skills and a proven track record of delivery high profile projects in agile environments. i am constantly striving to learn new technologies and look to ways to better myself in this rapidly changing industry.   i'm also a fa level 1 coach...
senior ios developer with a broad and extensive industry experience.  i have developed hugely successful and highly regarded apps in teams large and small.  developed ios apps for the following high profile clients    - sky-  *** sky go ios app *** *** sky q ios app ***  - expedia - *** hotels.com ios apps ***  - saffron digital - *** itv essential app *** *** bt tv app *** *** kddi videopass ***  i focus on writing simple, readable and maintainable code. i test extensively with unit tests and use tried-and-tested design patterns.
i   m good at ios dev and gardening, and i like science and politics. i'm ios developer in commercial development since 2010 . i'd worked on various projects at different roles from ordinary developer up to mobile development lead and architect. experienced objective-c and swift both.  most of my experience gained from working on big internal application for enterprises such as deloitte, citybank, lg electronics etc. as part of external outsourcing team. i   ve worked on establishing secure and reliable data fetching, caching data for offline usage, implementing advanced and responsive ui.   one of my best experience related to istocktrack project, that won    best of finnovate  2014, in london. however i've participated in few award winning projects since. ,
senior swift ios engineer.   thrives in startups, iterating fast on their project. with more established companies and bigger codebases enjoys more focus on app architecture, unit testing, code quality and the development process.   pragmatic approach, not afraid of deadlines and challenging tasks.   hands on experience with swift, core data, functional programming (rxswift), viper and mvvm. experienced in working in ios teams up to 5 engineers on products as well as being the only developer.   computer science graduate, c++ convert who used to write games for fun. picked up programming as a hobby 16 years ago. , wyszo ,
i'm a freelance ios developer with over 5 years commercial experience in both swift and objective-c. i am not currently available for new contract roles.  while i love building new projects from the ground up, i   m perfectly happy to dive into legacy code! i thrive on challenges like crafting a well-organised model architecture, coming up with easy to understand solutions to complex problems, or even learning a new programming language to complete a task (e.g. php to automate image processing or scrape text from indesign files).  if you are looking to hire a freelance/contract ios developer who enjoys writing clear and maintainable code, please do get in touch!  preferred languages and architectures  swift, objective-c, mvc, mvvm , acabico 
full-time ios developer since day one.  working remotely with distributed teams. passionate about technology, ux/ui design and clean code. quick to learn and fast to adapt to changing environments. experience working in an agile environment. worked on apps that used by hundreds of thousands users. passionate for benchmarking and optimization.  skills      cocoa touch     uikit, core animation, calayer transitions     full time swift since swift 1.0     threads     grand central dispatch     media frameworks     media player, avfoundation framework     databases     core data, realm, firebase, core data background threads     web services     xml, json parsing, restful web services     maps     core location (gps functionality), mapkit, geofencing, location tracking     accelerometer and device orientations     social apis     facebook, twitter, linkedin     push notifications     apns (apple push notifications service)     in-app purchases     ads     iads, admob, adwhirl, facebook     optimization with instruments     dependencies     cocoapods
i am an experienced ios developer and entrepreneur with expertise in full end to end app development.  i am also able to to provide android based solutions, additionally i  have expertise with back end server side technologies to support mobile applications, including aws and javascript.   my initial career was in technology operations and finance where i have held operational management roles at leading media and technology companies, notably ee, bskyb , aol and yahoo!   i have a degree in economics and a life long passion for technology with particular interests in mobile and wearables and next generation computing platforms. ,
ios developer with over 8 years of experience in the industry, has been involved in numerous projects for global clients and prestigious companies.  always working in agile environments along side project managers and designers, to deliver the best product from its early conception all the way to its development, testing and release. ,
mobile developer with 7 years of ios experience working at scrum teams and agile methodologies.  currently specialised in swift. working in heavily customized uis, communication with web services, custom components, cloud computing, local database storage, etc.   finished the studies in cork, ireland with a erasmus scholarship. 
passionate ios developer, building apps for popular and well known businesses across the uk. songwriter. speaker. clean coder. mathematics. functional programming. tdd. bdd. agile. , tide 
ios engineer. technology enthusiast. amateur photographer. , mariusfanu monese  ,ever-passionate, super-enthusiastic, 'learn-o-holic' ios developer and instructor. i teach on raywenderlich.com and udemy, blog regularly and never, ever stop learning. i have a diverse background in technology as well as education and i simply love what i do!  follow me on my learning journey at code-disciple.com or check out my courses on raywenderlich.com 
i have been developing commercial ios apps since 2009.  the clients i worked with include tide, reed, hsbc, news uk, monitise, mobile interactive group and startup teams. if you leave in the uk, it is very likely that you have the apps i made(or was part of) on your iphone. the majority of the teams implemented agile process. 
software engineer with experience of developing for desktop, web, and mobile platforms.  specialties  c++, objective c, ios, php, mysql, sql server, html, xml, javascript 
i am an ios mobile app developer with two years of experience using swift 5 and xcode 11. i have experience of initial design through wireframes and mock-ups, through development to deploying apps on app store. i am actively looking for an ios developer role.
with plenty of professional experience with software development, i thrive in the fast paced and exciting buzz around mobile technology and modern technology.  because of this i have gained a firm grasp on a selection of programming languages and technologies, which allows me to bring a productive and rounded view to your project solutions.  drawing from a broad professional experience with ios native development and development on the full stack, i am a highly skilled developer with proven project and programming skills. i also have a keen eye for detail focusing on creating great user experiences that are both intuitive and natural.  given my engineering background, i have an advantage in understanding technical business needs and am skilled at creating complete and complex solutions. consequently, i can pragmatically apply software principles, design patterns and development best practices to produce robust and reusable code that is of the highest quality.  i also combine my passion and obsession with software and electronics through working with projects in the maker space, using the amazing and creative platforms of raspberry pi and arduino. 
ios developer with over 3 years of experience in diverse industries such as insurance/finance, sales, social networking, productivity and entertainment.  areas of experience      widely experienced in application development for iphones, ipads as well as other apple operating systems and platforms.     excellent knowledge of all the major programming languages that contribute in the development of iphone and associated applications.     excellent knowledge of various oop techniques used in objective-c and pop techniques used in swift.     always on top of the newest features in ios, including the upcoming ios 11.     proficient in dealing with logic and memory bug fixes.     debugging and troubleshooting skills.     highly creative and self-motivated with a go-getter attitude.     adaptable to work for long hours without losing patience and concentration.     time, team and resource management skills.     well-developed analytical and problem solving skills.  skills      ui/ux guidance and design     multi-threaded coredata (both pre-ios10 and post-ios10 styles)     frequent use of coremedia, coreaudio     enterprise and app store deployment     encryption and certificate pinning ,
a musician by trade. an engineering background and passions for languages, music theory, instrument building, and electronics translated neatly into software design. the common ground between all of the above is my favoured domain. 
busy crafting delightful user experience with brilliant colleagues.  -)  expertise in building out ios app infrastructure, with production experience in declarative ui, functional and reactive programming, and unidirectional data flow architecture. working in cross-functional teams (15-25 people) with strong product focus. daily auto layout and uikit puzzle solver. ios user experience critique. not a manager.  swift, objective-c, uikit, swiftui, scenekit, healthkit, reactiveswift/combine (frp), fastlane learning  scala/akka  -] ,
i   m a software developer currently enjoying swift development. i   m also interested in design, ux and collaborating with people. in my spare time i create, design and develop computer games. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the media industry. skilled in swift, objective-c, ios application development and whole project development. 
relatively new to software development. i   m currently focused on ios development with swift   i have experience building native ios apps with xcode, and have several publications on the app store. very much looking forward to the next step in my career by getting involved in larger-scale, collaborative projects. formerly a professional nuclear physicist with numerous scientific publications. 
junior ios developer and mechanical engineering graduate from northumbria university.  5.5 years of experience in iphone/ipad design and development with effective way of achieving strong schedules and quality deliverables.  professionally trained on ios development specializing in object-oriented design, analysis, coding and implementation of projects that includes, configure development tools as with requirement, developing high quality code using objective c with industry quality standards and risk analysis of code review in most effective way.  below are the key areas of my profile as an iphone developer.  1. project execution  2. create a positive environment. a. resource management b. time/risk management c. understanding project requirement d. discussing the best approach to achieve the goals. e. work breakdown for timely demos by following agile methodology. f. daily or weeks reporting of progress.  3. skills  workable command on the verbal and written communication skills. handling the project conditions , pressure / work load. ability to work well in both a team and individual environment.  4. best practices  swift  maintenance of code and application architecture github repository localisation in different language graphs implementations  local notifications  specialties  objective-c, xcode, coredata, sqlite, c, c++,xml and json webservices, images cropping , social frameworks integration, animations,  maps, swift 
open - minded,  highly self-motivated, well organised mobile software developer.  passionate about ios & swift, with over two years  experience and good skills  enough to design and develop complete solutions, also have a huge will to learn, and work hard with team members in delivering successful products. 
ambitious and experienced ios developer with a background in web development. developer profile  starting with analysis of client needs to creating prototype, structure and functionality of the app, data models and choosing appropriate frameworks, i can create user interface, which will be ergonomic and will match client   s corporate identity, apple design guidelines and accessibility requirements. i can edit pictures, icons, backgrounds and other graphic elements with adobe creative cloud and many other designer   s tools. i am coding in swift since apple introduced it in june 2014. i   ve published five apps in apple appstore. for my work i use xcode 9, swift 4, auto layout with size classes, coredata, uikit, mapkit, gesture recognizers, xml, json. i use agile approach to programming, especially scrum.  recently i   ve been doing cross platform development on xamarin platform as well.   general profile  i   m experienced it specialist with design  background and strong sales experience with the ability to communicate effectively at all organizational levels. i   m able to recognize client needs and prepare solutions that fit both the client   s technical and financial needs using my extensive knowledge and experience. with my project management experience i am able to implement a complete solution for the client. i have a successful track record of managing departments or foreign branches of international companies. my responsibilities include  sales
i   m an experienced ios developer who has worked on a variety of mobile projects, for businesses of all sizes, all over the world. i have a great passion for high quality software development, emerging technologies, and creating innovative, elegant user experiences that are responsive and feel great to use. i also have a keen interest in artificial intelligence, machine learning and can generally be excited by most advanced computer science subjects.  i have a degree in computer science, 9 years industry experience and have been developing apps since 2009.  i   ve worked on a variety of apps with people from all backgrounds. sometimes on site, sometimes remotely. i   ve been the sole developer on projects, managed teams and mentored junior developers.  when i   m not busy at work, you   ll find me playing a racquet sport of some kind, out for a walk, or reading a book.  skill set - native ios applications written in swift and objective-c - ios services (coreanimation, coredata, coregraphics, corebluetooth, coremotion, corelocation, avfoundation
only looking for remote opportunities.  i was in love many times throughout my life. my first love was making video games. second love was writing clean code. third   producing amazing user experience. currently in love with helping people grow, both personally and professionally, guiding them to feel productive, autonomous and fulfilled.  developed for frontend and backend, web and mobile, windows and mac, even playstation and wii. led a small team of developers, both as a cto/founder as well as an ios lead. 12 years in professional software development and 10 more years in making video games for fun and giving programming tips & tricks to my programming teachers at school. 
worked with careoffice uk ltd. as a senior ios developer and project manager to create several apps for social care industry. my responsibility were working on app wireframes, requirement collection, developement and release of app to apple app store. i've also worked as onsite co-ordinator to liase with the offshore team in india to develop android app and web app.       worked on ios apps development for evangelist software ltd. i develop apps for high profile clients and third party and provide rich user experience via simple design and coding.       worked on pim (personal information management) component of phonebook in nokia mass market devices. my role is to do bug fixes and maintenance of different phonebook components. also i have worked on integration of microsoft hotmail to the nokia phonebook, using the background java applications and done multiple xsp (external service providers) support integrated to phonebook component.      working on the integration of the social networks like facebook and twitter with phonebook. also working on the automation of test cases using the nokia in house tool ctt (core test tool) and the service apis tester tool.      worked in past for motorola inc. india for a range of pda devices. i have handled various enhancement /bug fixes/debugging testing and release for mc30xx devices on windows ce 5.0, windows mobile platform.      worked on design gauge application in past to port the application from windows to linux os with qt library to support cross platform and multitasking.  specialties  object oriented programming, model view control, c programming. linux, windows phone, windows mobile and windows ce platforms, socks protocol, socket programming. ,
echnologist, problem solver  expertise with front end technologies, and passion for ux and design. currently working as an ios engineer at matchesfashion.com. responsible for adding new features and bug fixes to the customer facing app. also contribute towards the in-store retail apps.  previously worked at yoox net-a-porter group so i have5 years of experience in e-commerce and retail apps. i'm very passionate about the user and their journey throughout retail apps and i spend a lot of time comparing and exploring other apps. i'm always looking to make the app an easier and smoother experience with the latest technologies.  also spend some time volunteering with west london coders and this year i helped organise the 2019 altconf in london. i'm a big advocate for women in tech and bringing diversity into the tech space. 
10 years of ios development experience. apps published in app store. swift, objective-c, c++, github, scrum and jira. strong academic background with first class honours degree and phd. 
the last four years i   ve spent doing commercial ios development at sky having previously transitioned from enterprise server development to mobile application development.  at sky i was a member of several agile scrum teams delivering sky q and sky movies ios apps, as well as contributing to the sky+ and sky news apps.  working at ventyx before sky gave me great experience developing large scale server-side systems and helping enterprise customers directly.  having worked on both server-side and client-side application development teams has given me insight into delivering quality software across multiple teams. ,
results-oriented software developer with overall 8 years of experience in mobile application development,    developing ios apps from past 5 years and have multiple apps published to app store.  experience with solid priciples, agile, tdd, bdd, ci/cd and writing clean well structured maintainable code. 
as ios developer i am focused on delivering applications which are well designed and developed from user interface point of view as well as technical details.  i like to experiment with new technologies, research and learn.  author of trx animation framework 
apple wwdc scholarship recipient in 2014 & 2015. i was selected by apple to attend their wwdc conference twice as one out of 200 / 350 scholarship recipients worldwide to have won.
experienced and highly skilled individual with 20+ years of overall software development experience. 10+ years    experience as a founder and an independent consultant in ios development.   proven ability to work well as a team lead as well as an individual contributor and very effective in communicating with people at all levels. i understand and embrace the value of building a collaborative culture to foster self-managing and productive teams and achieve their maximum potential. 
passionate ios developer who has been developing applications for the last 3 years      co-organiser of a monthly ios workshop (cocoaheads) in paris september 2018 - july 2019      enjoy attending various tech conferences including the wwdc , comparethemarket.com , ios developer 
highly-competent mobile developer with experience particularly in ios mobile apps in service industry. skilled in swift, objective-c, hands-on experience with android kotlin, realm, c# and familiarised with java. experienced in restful api, json, git, sourcetree, agile, jira and mapkit. professional with strong teamwork ethos and an open-minded attitude to different approaches. 
i   m farhan mirza with five years of experience in native ios app development using swift. i love being creative, exploring and broadening my horizons, doing things in high quality and giving stunning user experience in my products and taking startups to next level.   specialities    swift, cocoa touch, core data, web services (soap/rest) integration, apns, xml and json parsing, oop, agile, tdd, design patterns, unit tests, multithreading, memory management, performance optimizations
ios engineer, mountain athlete and love to create creative content on my adventures to natural silence. experienced ios and swift developer, with several apps submitted to the app store.   only interested in exploring new ios opportunities using swiftui, combine and ios 13.  open to to either full time / perm or contractor roles.  happy to discuss greenfield projects from startups to established companies, the benefits of using swiftui and combine are universal.   swift, ios, swiftui, combine, vapor ,
dedicated ios developer with 4+ years of experience. capable of delivering high quality professional software using the latest tools and technology in the industry.
dedicated software developer with more than 9 years experience developing native ios apps, from planning and design through to submission, independently and in large teams, using objective-c and swift. , nullablecjwood ,
entrepreneur. freelance lead/senior ios developer with 8+ years experience with solid high-tech software background. worked on all aspects of ios app creation. built several apps from scratch. worked with ui/ux people, product owners, end clients, graphic designers, ... has a good eye for detail and ui/ux. 
iphone, ipad and android apps experience.  based in edinburgh.mobile developer based in manchester.  experienced ios engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the financial, retail and telecommunications industries. skilled in ios, swift, git, agile and teamwork. strong engineering professional with a master   s degree focused on computer software engineering from university of coimbra and university of ljubljana. 
my main objective is to continue developing high quality software products whilst utilising the best tools and techniques to ensure their ongoing quality, extensibility and maintainability.  aside from my professional activities, i'm also an independent application developer.  check out my macos app - sequence diagram - available from the mac app store (featured by apple in the us app store [dec 2018 - feb 2019]), which, coincidentally, makes great use of my cocoapod, s
through my career i have gathered experience in programming mobile devices on many platforms from brew to ios mobile endpoints. my interest in mobile communication techniques & technologies makes me motivated self-learner, always hunting for best-fit solution suitable for actual demand. my experience concerns work either in the big corporation or a small, startup company. i have been working in multicultural, international team which makes team playing my strongpoint. i always put an effort on to interpersonal communication, because being understood properly is important to avoid many problems on the project   s way of development. my motivation bases on a very good quality of outcome product, this makes product worth doing and pursuing next goals on the product   s roadmap.  specialties  apple ios qualcomm brew samsung bada unity3d 
i'm a junior (ios) developer currently open to job opportunities.  i started in the tech industry as a passionate technology recruiter but found myself fascinated by the technology behind the products and everything that goes on behind the scenes! i started spending my spare time researching and completing tutorials and am now really keen to turn this hobby into a career.  since leaving the recruitment world behind i have been working on a couple of personal projects in the form of ios apps. i'm always keen to expand my knowledge and am a very fast learner. , 2gear limited , ios developer 
i'm an ios developer, and i work most of my time with swift and (a little) objective-c i started working with ios 6 years ago, long before arc, autolayout and other newer technologies. before that i was a backend/frontend developer for about 5 years. i have worked with a lot of technologies and programming languages, from java, .net c#, ruby on rails, node and even a little of php  i'm always searching new technologies, and exploring what can be done with them. i also share this knowledge with friends/co-workers, and more than once my bosses enjoyed the news and changed the way a specific project was going. , bgondim 
my main goal when applying for a job is to continue learning. i decided to change career, from photographer to developer, because i am fascinated with programming. i want to work for a company that allows me to grow as a programmer and to give back what i have learnt.  i have excellent communication skills. during my work as a professional photographer for more than twelve years, i learned to communicate with others and to improve my social relationships. indeed, photography work is often based on the capacity to empathize with the person who is in front of the camera.  i am an expert user of graphics editing programs such as adobe photoshop. ,
i am a software engineer, primarily focused on building swift ios apps. i have been in tech for well over 10 years  working as an ios developer since 2012. i have released over 30 apps & accumulated well over a million downloads. i have a degree, with honours, in computing from the open university. i have created apps for some for the largest technology companies in world. i have created apps for all of apple   s platforms  ios, tvos, ipados, watchos & macos. , markbridgesapps 
i am currently looking for work, ideally remote.  i design of complete systems from back end to mobile (ios).  i use creativity to decrease risk and increase the performance of complex projects.  my speciality is risk-based prioritization & sequencing of tasks and optimal allocation of resources, finding creative solutions to complex technical problems.  i am an empathic leader, i use root cause analysis.  i adapt my style to context  will try to reach a theory y style on high-performance teams, conscientiously avoiding demotivating strategies.  expert on the proper implementation of agile, avoiding its pitfalls  know the psychological and cognitive theories agile methodology is founded upon.  good insight and professional grade conflict resolution and diplomacy, which unfortunately won   t and can   t work with some pathological disorders (not qualified as a hostage negotiator).  successfully sat postgraduate project management course recognized by apm. italian native speaker - professionally fluent english. beginner level spanish.   successfully lead life critical and business critical projects.  competence  apple ios development. mobile apps. enterprise architecture, multimedia, project management. digital systems and firmware development, microprocessors, microcontrollers, product design & development. functional analysis and requisites. current languages  swift objective-c, golang, sql past programming experiences   unix, oracle, ocaml, c/c++
over 18 years of commercial experience in the design, development and maintenance of software project.     7+ years of commercial experience in building ios apps using objective-c on iphone and ipad     3+ years of commercial experience in building ios apps using swift.     experience in reactive programming using rxswift and rxcocoa frameworks.     hands on experience in end-to-end ios development from conceptualization through to the successful launch of an application in an app store.     exceptional coding and design skills in objective-c, swift, cocoa-touch frameworks (uikit, foundation & corefoundation) and design patterns such as mvc, mvvm and viper.     experience in working with ios frameworks such as core location, mapkit, security, core data, core graphics and core animation.     expertise in working with iot(internet of things) based devices such as camera(bluetooth), leak detector(wi-fi), sensors(zigbee) etc.     hands on experience in developing real-time data streaming-based apps using websockets, webrtc and bluetooth frameworks.     experience in writing ssl/https secure ios apps using security framework, good dynamics and keychain.     expertise in implementing push notifications using apns and amazon sns.     hands on experience of full application publishing life cycle (including certificates, provisioning profiles and code signing).     in-depth understanding and experience of developing multithreaded apps using grand central dispatch (gcd), operation queues and blocks.     experience in developing app using social media sdks such as facebook and twitter.     experience with agile/scrum project management methodologies.     proficient in unit testing, ui testing and test-driven development (tdd) and using xctest
i specialise in swift and objective-c ios app development on the iphone, ipad, watch and apple tv. i have a varied portfolio and have worked with ios since the first developer release  i have a disciplined programming background in enterprise software development in various languages, architecting software using recognised design patterns and techniques. i've been in the industry since 1999.   i've worked within fin techs, commerce, media and many more industries in various capacities from being a sole developer in small start-ups to leading teams in large multinational organisations. , devedup 
senior software engineer with more than 20 years of software development experience and solid working knowledge of c/c++/objective-c/swift. extensive experience with the complete software lifecycle.  extensive experience in universal application development using the latest apple's ios sdk. have already developed several applications which are available in the apple's app store.  self-motivated, challenge-driven and results-oriented professional with ability to work in a team environment.  bilingual spanish (native) / english (advanced) speaker and writer.  skills & expertise       ios development     swift, objective-c, c++ and c programming     iphone, ipad and universal app development     xcode, interface builder     sketch, adobe photoshop, illustrator     github, bitbucket, git     core data     restful api, social network integration     basecamp, slack, jira, trello     fabric, crashlytics, testflight     facebook events tracking, google analytics services     app store connect 
professional software developer with the hunger to learn more and the desire to explore new technologies, programming paradigms, languages and tools.   primarily working with ios sdk to produce great and useful applications for different clients. this has given sohel the development experience of the whole software life cycle. ,
an ios engineer with extensive experience in full-cycle app development ranging from small personal ventures to high profile projects for world renowned clients, i am passionate about writing clean code and thrive on challenging projects. an independent consultant for over 5 years, i enjoy collaborating with clients to understand their needs and help them build and deliver high quality apps. i also enjoy sharing knowledge, experience and skills  mentoring others, leading brown bag sessions, workshops and delivering training courses, for example to the european commission in brussels and luxembourg.   key skills      10 years of commercial ios development experience     fluent with ios sdk, swift, objective-c, xcode and app store submission process     working collaboratively to define, design, develop and ship features     maintaining code quality, upholding standards and adherence to solid principles     working in agile environments, pair programming, code review     guiding and mentoring clients and colleagues     test driven development, xctest and xcuitest     continuous integration  jenkins, fastlane
attended try! swift nyc conference 2019.   attended try! swift nyc conference 2018.  experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry.  skilled in java, c++, html, flutter, php, software development, and microsoft office. strong engineering professional graduated from university of kashan. ,
programming languages i've worked with  objective-c, java, swift  scripting  html, css, javascript.  also familiar with sql, version control (git).  this is the list of some of the frameworks that i have experience of  core data, cocoa, cocoa touch, core animation, core graphics (quartz2d), mkmapkit, facebook, rest api's, avfoundation audio/video, arkit, drag and drop, scenekit, spritekit
bachelor of computer science, experience working with ios development, apple technologies, swift, objective-c, xcode and third party libraries. working together the ux and back-end team to create great products using scrum, agile, rest, git and gitflow. quick learner and easy to adapt a new technologies.  back-end experience working with rubyonrails, javascript, php and mysql. brazilian and portuguese citizen. 
london based software engineer who enjoys building mobile apps, listening to good music and writing code.  currently, the lead ios engineer of revolut and educated to a masters level in advanced computer science at the university of york, uk.  i am a swift enthusiast who also works on small projects during spare time. always looking forward to taking new and interesting challenges. , dio_papas 
native ios developer, looking for contract roles 6+ months or remote opportunities.  i'm a professional ios developer/consultant.  highly skilled lead ios developer with over 9 years commercial experience developing apps for startup's, ftse 100 companies and others in-between. graduated in july 2010 with a 2.1 degree classification in computer programming and software architecture
senior developer with 8 years of mobile programming experience. - 4 years in leadership positions, of both in house & remote developers. - built & managed 5 ios & 2 android applications through development, beta and deployment to their respective stores. - of the developed apps,
already 8 years experience with ios development.  i like to work on challenging and good quality applications (clean architecture, clean code). applications that bring a value to the world give me a personal satisfaction and motivation, that   s why the medical applications imoodz, infectionguide (winner of hygieia award 2013) and temstem made me have good night sleeps. bembey is also one of my favorite apps which encourage people to keep track of their good and bad deeds (what a nice idea!  ) ).  i like diversity and challenges because they trigger me and make me grow faster. i like to create and to enjoy the results.  i think performance and optimization is very important in a mobile application, it leads to a better user experience and to a good quality product. 
success is just a matter of time, and when this is your approach, there is no limitation of your capabilities.  i   m always looking to learn something, not just for carrying in my jobs, but also aggregate to my whole life. and the increase of my expertise making each project a new richer experience for the final user. i love integration between languages, and the usage of object oriented programming.  besides of having a great pleasure working with a team who love improving themselves, i can't work without commitment, and challenges. passion is what guides my whole professional being. , nanyoliveira ,
enthusiastic software developer with over 3 years of experience working in both ios and c# in equal measure.  worked with saas provider ndl software ltd. on their  mx  project, i worked on the backend of a mobile application development solution for clients including the nhs as well as a number of local government authorities.   i'm well versed in the agile methodology, and object oriented programming concepts. with hands-on exposure to designing and developing web services and apis using c# and .net, i'm also a microsoft certified solutions developer.   my ios experience spans a number of enterprise applications, developed in objective-c. ,
mobile application developer with 12 years c++ and 4 years objective c experience. passionate about clean, object orientated code and user interfaces. able to work with complex code bases, solve problems and quickly adopt new technologies. solutions orientated with a history of delivering to deadlines.  objective c, c++       xcode, instruments, lldb       universal iphone and ipad applications supporting multiple versions of ios       object orientated design and implementation, design patterns       multi-threading and asynchronous programming techniques       communications including udp and tcp sockets, http and rest apis       agile development methodologies including scrum, tdd and ci       source control systems, notably subversion and git       experienced in working with multiple branches and performing complex merges 
i write ios applications for both iphone and ipad. i also write web api's in ruby on rails. i'm used to agile and extreme programming practices.  specialties  ios , novastone 
objective c, swift, ios, macos,software engineer with 7 years of experience developing for ios in the iptv, media and creative industries, and 12 years in accountancy and financial software. 
passionate and innovative. willing to work on companies or startups that make a difference in this world.  i have worked in different projects leading the prototyping, design and development stages. fond of taking ownership of applications going through the full development cycle.  in a nutshell my passion in the mobile field embraces ui/ux design, prototyping, architecting medium to big projects and enhancing app's overall performance.   proficient in        ios development (swift, obj-c)     mobile prototyping     web and mobile usability     node-js backend     realtime communication (socket.io)     photoshop     json & xml      core animation     core data     icloud     websockets     mongodb     sql (mysql, oracle, db2)     latex     matlab  programming languages         swift     javascript     obj-c     java     php     python     html 5     css 3     quartz 2d ,
i am an enthusiastic and ambitious individual looking for a career based at the forefront of technology. i love to challenge myself and apply both my academic and personal skills into projects of all scales. my openness to new ideas allows me to work well as part of a team and my confidence in communication allows me share my own ideas effectively. , mydrive solutions limited 
i am a senior front-end swiftui developer for apple platforms, for the last 3 years i have focused exclusively on swift and ios but previous to that i spent 10 years writing macos and ios software in obj-c, previous to that i did php web programming, networking and 3d modelling.  as a person my strengths are synthesization, simplification, discipline and analysis, i don't need much guidance, am used to be self-directed and motivated.  i enjoy bridging the gaps across internal divisions, training developers and building collaboration. 
5+ years of developing native complex and secure mobile applications focusing on ios native app development - well versed in object oriented design, mvc, mvvm and viper design patterns as well as protocol oriented programming concepts - solid understanding of arc and memory management principles, ios networking concepts, apns architecture, performance tuning, offline data management and mobile device management concepts, ios application security and ios human interface guidelines - self starter and quick learner with ability to work independently as well as in a collaborative environment to produce high quality products ,
ios developer working with swift to create engaging and functional mobile user experiences.  i am a senior ios developer with over 7 years commercial ios experience working in agile environments with fully automated workflows for building and testing applications. i have developed iphone and ipad apps for b&q, ordnance survey, the metro newspaper, the british medical journal, and the bbc. i have also worked directly with apple engineers to track down and identify communication issues that existed between iphone and apple watch in early versions of watchos.  i designed and built a photography app called    iris     pro camera control    for iphone and apple watch, which is a 100% swift application. i also created and maintain a personal budgeting app called budgeted, which has been live on the app store since 2012. 
contract ios / macos developer in london, with a focus on writing modern and maintainable code.  i'm not available for new contract roles until november 2019  i'm a self taught cocoa programmer  a motivated self- starter with a desire to learn and improve. i started as an macos developer, but most of my work since 2013 has been on ios. working as a contractor has allowed me to work on a variety of projects  from creating entire applications to maintaining and improving existing projects.  i've worked exclusively in swift since february 2015 and i'm proficient in using that language, as well as being an experienced objective-c developer.  i   ve worked with most areas of development, although not games, mainly with networking, (both natively and third party solutions). core data, realm, animations, i use storyboards and auto-layout by choice, but can work with ui in code when required.  i have written tests with ocunit and xctest, specta/expecta with ocmock, and network request stubbing with ohhttpstubs.  strong ability with git and version control concepts. i can use cocoapods, but i prefer to manage the few dependencies i use with carthage or even manually with git submodules.  i   m familiar with haskell, python and ruby, although i don   t get to use them enough to be proficient in those languages.  i   m active in the cocoa community. i organise nscoder night london and i   ve given talks in the uk and internationally on a variety of subjects related to cocoa development  swift, core data
an experienced and result-oriented mobile apps developer. i have delivered complex projects for several high profile clients.  i'm a professional senior ios developer with 10 years current experience of developing solid and elegant native iphone and ipad apps and training successful junior developers for renowned commercial and public sector clients in the uk and overseas. i'm able to design and construct ios apps from scratch or build on existing code in objective-c and swift, efficiently working self-directed and unsupervised or as part of a team. agile software development background, proficient in communicating across teams and disciplines, technical and non-technical. 
versatile professional contributing energy and purpose to application design and development. practiced in delivering high quality technical solutions with close attention to detail.  services provided to a wide variety of clients ranging from advertising agencies and design consultancies through to major software houses and government departments.  comprehensive knowledge of application development for mobile, desktop and internet. deep knowledge of programming resulting from many years of exposure to a variety of tools, technologies and practices. 
experienced, proven, ios & macos developer.  ios sdk, objective-c, swift, cocoa touch, core data, sqlite, xcode , passionate software engineer interested in mobile applications development. adaptable and quick to pick up new skills with great attention to detail, i have developed several mobile and web applications, both individually and as part of a team. my main interests lie in the mobile apps industry and internet of things (iot). ,
i graduated in computer engineering and then in the ios apple developer academy. i work as ios engineer mainly in the fin-tech field. i   m passionate, dedicated and i always work with precision and attention to details to write high quality, clean and maintainable code. 
computer science at the university of westminster - graduated first class honours  skills   swift, objective c, xcode, core data, uikit, afnetworking, core bluetooth, core plot  other skills   angular 2, parse, typescript, xamarin, ffmpeg, node.js, os terminals, sql, json, xml, bluetooth (ble), network protocols 
ios developer in london. always learning.  technically minded developer with deep knowledge of mac & ios internals, low-level concepts and systems analysis. , jgarnham 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled writer, strong in objective c, and swift. strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in computer networking.
i am a senior ios developer with over 4 years experience developing commercial iphone/ipad applications and over 20 years commercial programming experience.  although i am very focused on ios development, i do have significant senior management experience which is often useful in project planning, execution, team mentoring and in client-facing situations.  i care passionately about usability and maintainability of the software i create. i find maintainability brings a focus on testability, automation, separation of concerns, evolving systems sympathetically with their original intent, using appropriate technologies, making illegal states unrepresentable and removing barriers to iteration speed. my interest in maintainability is leading me to be increasingly interested in strongly-typed functional languages  such as haskell and swift.  for additional information about products, 
an enthusiastic mobile developer with a passion for ios development and all things apple.  my favourite thing about software development is the challenge, the puzzle. breaking that simple instruction to it   s most basic components and translating that to code that ultimately a machine will see as 0   s and 1   s, making it do what you ask from it... that   s the closest thing to    magic    in the real world.  i like keeping up to date with the newest technologies and trends. i   m an iphone fan (that   s why i prefer writing native ios over other software). i have made a single android app so far and most days after work i   d go home and work some on personal ios projects to unwind!
senior ios developer with 4+ years of experience in mobile development. i also have a background in web technologies / backend development. i am hard working and always keen to keep up with the exciting fast pace world of mobile development! , candyspace , senior ios developer 
i love swift, a clean architecture and a good set of tests.  experienced ios engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the broadcast media industry. skilled in xcode, swift and objective-c, spritekit, avfoundation and other native apis. extensive experience in business and product development, sage products, xml, adobe photoshop, and quickbooks. strong engineering and legal professional graduated from birkbeck, university of london. ,
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. strong engineering professional skilled in macos, ios, version control, cocoa and cocoa touch. 
an accomplished and high-achieving ios developer with demonstrable experience in testing software and electronics process improvements. proven track record of creating reusable complemented testable code with the ability to maintain high quality standards throughout development projects. ,
as a computing science graduate, i am enthusiastic to take on new and challenging tasks and consider myself a persistent problem-solver.  i am a driven individual with a great interest in programming. this interest has given me the determination to learn more, work hard and move closer to my aspirations of building a career in the world of computing.   i am eager to learn and i strive to excel.
full stack developer using technology to solve problems.  i'm a half brazilian, half spanish, true mobile development lover, i get excited over all the new os releases, and i try to stay on top of new technologies. i started in 2012, i was primarily hired to work with android but soon they needed someone willing to learn ios and i volunteered. since then i developed a great passion for it. nowadays i think this is the ideal career for me. it was an incredible experience to grow along the platform, every wwdc, every new tool, a lot of opportunities to build anything i wanted. to this day it is still exciting to read and to discover new technologies, new possibilities and new ideas for the platform and to know that i'm part of this evolution. , felipedocil 
it and software development professional with over 20 years experience working for various small to large companies. creative individual with a strong desire to become better at whatever i undertake.  specialities  ios, tvos, objective-c, swift, xcode, cocoa touch, oop, mvc, core location, location services, gps, geocoding/geofencing, arkit, augmented reality, mapkit, xml, json
trabajo como desarrolladora de software en varios lenguajes desde el a  o 2001 y desde principios de 2014 me he especializado en el desarrollo de apps.  publiqu   mi primera app en mayo de 2014 y desde entonces trabajo como freelance, me he especializado en lenguajes nativos para ios y android y realizo labores de consultor  a, an  lisis, desarrollo y dise  o. 
software let things beyond the possible.  my first programming experience was in an ee c language course. since then, i involved in embedded system with great ui platform to control the disc location  developing mobile application with native program language, joined in product engineer team to be in the front line to get contact with client. after working in several different area, i found out my passion is connect with people and create the interactive able application to amaze their visual and life.  mit media lab's interactive ideas are my dreams. by using the software to design visualisations, images, and interactive content to create everyone's dream. i'm loving it. ,
what do i believe in   i believe in product creation. i believe in high technology. i believe in mobile.  what do i do  i study, invent, innovate and deliver.  specialties  objective-c, swift, ios, macos, watchos, tvos, machine learning, ip, khronos apis, computer graphics, java internals, system software design, collaboration, technical leadership
i am a software engineer with 7 years of experience in developing mobile apps and more than 12 years in software development. i have worked for several companies leading small teams of mobile developers, providing all aspects of technical implementations, helping api development, working with designers to build the best mobile experience. in my latest projects, i always adopted a continuous delivery approach, following agile principles, constantly adapting the software in line with users feedback, business strategy and priorities. , rializer 
graduate computer scientist working in the field of mobile application development. skilled in swift for ios, mysql, php, html, css and other languages with a first class bachelor's degree focused in computer science from bangor university. 
experienced ios lead engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the retail industry. skilled in swift, objective c, java and management. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer science and finance from keele university. 
bsc computer science - first class honours with certificate of professional industrial experience i am looking for positions in the north west specifically.    design is not just what it looks like and feels like. design is how it works.  - steve jobs   software engineer/developer - currently specialising in the development of mobile applications on the ios platform (apple). 
software engineer with 6 years of experience, including exposure to the most common technologies used in both the enterprise and startup world.  started as a java developer at a multinational company and been there for 3 years. since then i have been working as an ios developer, who loves to hack in any type of programming language as there is not much difference only basic methodologies. ,
experienced ios developer with 5+ years of experience in building mobile applications using objective-c and swift.  passionate about code quality, knowledge sharing. love to challenge and continuously improve myself. 
bright individual working as software developer with 7+ years of experience. recently working on ios projects since last two years. i worked as individual and in team of 5-10 people on ios apps, websites, desktop application and multimedia projects. ,
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in swift, objective-c, cocoa and agile methodologies. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in information technology from calicut university. ,
freelance consultant with proven managerial experience. trainer in administration and it. ability to engage learners of different levels. excellent communication skills and ability to creatively problem solve. , drewwestcott freelance 
a passionate ios developer with 6+ years of professional experience building native apps in objective-c and swift 1-4 for iphone, ipad and apple watch (supporting ios versions from 5 to 12). i am passionate about following standard methodologies, design patterns and architectures such as mvc, mvvm, mvp and viper. i am experienced in agile practices and my main focus is always on ensur- ing code quality, with clean and maintainable code. i am also interested in new trends and other technologies, having undertaken a msc in android in 2016 at the    universidad polit  cnica de valencia   . 
development manager with a solid technical background. 12 years of experience in full software development life cycle (desktop, embedded and mobile) and a proven track of completed projects   extensive experience in software development, stockholders advising and line management  technical specialties  ios development, api development , dmytrogolub
developer of mobile, desktop app and websites, management of databases, web y business applications, network consultant. cisco ccna security certified  programming  objective-c, swift, java, php, javascript, css, asp, c databases  mysql, postgresql, sql server, oracle networking  cisco, mikrotik, vpn
experienced software engineer with a demonstrable history of creating ios, xamarin and .net applications. skilled in swift, objective c, java (android). keen ability to rapidly acquire new skill, grasp concepts and take initiative. experience of agile methodologies - scrum, kanban, tdd, bdd, xp. ,
i   m quick to learn and passionate about solving problems with new technology. as a development team leader, i   m positive, self-motivated, and able to mentor junior associates. my recent interests include autonomous car development, machine learning, and blockchain development. 
design and development of products and solutions using ios technologies with more than 5 years of experience.  specialize in object-oriented programming and writing reusable frameworks, rapid prototyping of guis.   primary languages, technologies and tools  - objective-c, swift  - xcode, git, instruments  - cocoa/cocoa touch  - jira  other languages, technologies, and tools  - java/android  - php ,
5 years of commercial experience in building ios apps using swift and objective-c. fully responsible for whole sdlc for products in e-commerce and fintech. always staying up to date with new technologies and optimising existing code base and processes, while leading and motivating teams towards successful delivery. 
a keen, passionate, and pragmatic engineer. a true believer in continuous self-improvement, learning and applying technologies, tools and processes. not afraid of change or the challenging nature of the industry.  an early adopter and platform junkie with a proven track record of building professional apps for ios, android, and beyond.  a creative with an eye for design, ui and ux as well as a studio of artwork, and two novels on the shelf.  a leader, mentor and advocate of the team. a proponent of agile and its power to help teams fix problems and deliver value. ,
a talented programmer experience with a range of programming languages including c++, c#, java,  and objective-c. i have also worked with development environments including visual studio, eclipse and xcode. also i have experience with software tools including source version control software, such as tortoise svn, versions and cornerstone  30 published apps across various mobile platforms including ios, android and symbian^3   coming from a business development background i am self motivated, have a strong work ethic and have excellent communication skill. i also have experience of makerketing and selling my products.  specialties   unity games development. ios application development. android application development  c# programming and debugging objective-c programming and debugging c++ programming and debugging java programing and debugging experience with the following libaries  xna, .net, opengl, cocoa,cocoa touch framework, cocos2d, box2d,iphone sdk, android sdk 
passionate and committed software engineer with almost 5 years of experience developing ios apps (swift and objective-c). i love learning new technologies and finding solutions to complex problems. i strive for writing high quality, clean and maintainable code while meeting deadlines.  swift, objective-c, python(learning)  expertise    rest, json, google analytics, core data & realm, social media, ads, payment and in-app purchase integrations, instabug, google services, deep linking, gcd,    mvvm and mvc, tdd, auto layout and size classes.  continuous integrations and tools   agile environment     xcode ide
there is nothing better than to do applications/games for android and ios. as an ios developer, i work to unite technology and art to create innovative applications. coming from a marketing background i know what sells and what people want, but my passion is more in the creative realm than the business world. my love of travel and enthusiasm for new experiences has taken me on adventures around the world and provided a rich cultural background for my personal and professional development.   as a marketing manager, my work took me from italy to london and provided me with a wealth of knowledge and valuable experience. my nearly 3 years at cotto cusimano taught me leadership skills and professionalism that have served me well in my career.   after acquiring multiple certifications from google and coursera, and completing extensive ios app development training i have devoted myself fully to the exciting art of ios app design and development. my goal is to continue growing and using my creative vision to merge innovation with imagination to create unique experiences for users worldwide. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in ios and react native. strong engineering professional with a master of technology (mtech) focused in computer science from indian institute of technology, delhi. ,
connecting people.  creating impact. experienced senior global search recruitment consultant focusing on mobile developers recruitment in dublin and london, with client experience throughout europe.    deep understanding of complex technology organisations and successful at helping tech startups scale, while adding value & roi for our clients.  examples of exclusive/retained project work   - recruited 75% of a fdi scaling advertising technology company, since their inception and located in dublin.  allowing them to achieve    40mln+ revenue within 3yrs - set up of a new office in hungary, recruited a full agile mobile team (x 11 people) for a greenfield project, spanning 18 x countries.  completed within 3months. - fdi scale-up located in the uk, delivered on 8 x hard-to-fill requirements within 2 months  industries  mobile, fintech, saas, e-commerce, marktech, adtech, traveltech  benefits to clients - 90 day guarantee  - in-depth screening process to find    a players    for you (agile sourcing machine) - 88% of placed candidates stay with the employer longer than 18months - detailed market mapping and global reach - 95% client retention rate - with 500+ placements in the tech industry, we understand your business  benefits to candidates  - free cv & linkedin review  - 1-2hrs interview preparation coaching - career path review - access to pre-released opportunities  - direct, forthright communication to help you improve - with 6,500+ interviews conducted in the tech industry, we understand your career 
i'm a passionate senior software developer with extensive technical skills in mobile development. currently focusing on native ios (swift) and native android (kotlin, java) development.  what are you like, zeno  - you ask. well, i - love solving problems and getting things done with the highest quality, in a timely manner - am pragmatic - deeply care about code quality - am a keen advocate of great user experiences and beautiful, clean user interfaces - am detail oriented - am a team player while i can work independently just as well - love learning new things and sharing my experience with others - like to keep my code organised, be it mvvm, mvi, mvp, mvc, viper, clean architecture or whatever works for the team, although i have my preference      - do tdd, bdd and xp practices - a craftsman at heart - am loving swift and kotlin - probably the two greatest things since sliced bread      - am an expert in unit and ui testing - test me! - do reactive programming using rxswift, rxjava or friends and i'm an advocate of using this power responsively , zfoltin 
in 6 years, we have established our offices in new jersey(      us), sydney(      australia), nigeria(      africa), london (      uk) &       jordan, which ensured that we have created success for large & small businesses & took them to the next level.  why work with me   every designer/programmer has a template book. what makes us different is our people, and the customization that enhances our approach!$$  would you like a website/app that is easy to manage and saves you time  | is your poor & confusing digital presence holding back your business   if, yes! then you are on the right profile. sometimes people just need a shove in the right direction to find a better way of doing things! so with a few customizing touches, it can be even better, simpler, unique, professional and valuable  ) ***************************** how can i grow your business  | core capabilities -      putting your high-level ideas to the ground for better implementation with wireframes.      using agile | jira | confluence | slack | bitbucket | jenkins to manage & track customers      software development | from 12 years     mobile app development - objective-c | swift (1.0 - 4.2) | react.n | java     working in a waterfall environment in accordance to meet tight deadlines.     website design with fresh, easy and clear user-experience that convert your website       visitors to leads.     custom web development - angular | node.js | yii | react | javascript | blockchain | wordpress |                                                       view.js |  express.js | laravel     branding | graphic design | video | ux | ui | book design | logo | character | screenshots     mongodb | mysql | mariadb 
design and development of products and solutions using ios and web technologies. i have  been a developer, analyst and team lead on a variety of projects for over 15 years.  at gcd my focus has been on developing ios and android apps for a variety of clients. i work with our design team to deliver solutions that are intuitive and powerful, allowing users to get things done and enjoy the experience.  at openwave played a lead role working on products for the mobile telecom space. products include  amplicity and motify. amplicity allows mobile operators to engage directly with their customers as they browse the web. motify provides and end to end solution for multi-platform push notification that is tailored for mobile operators and their partners. i was the lead developer on both projects.   i am author or co-author of several patents in the mobile data space.
i started my career in ios development by freelancing. i am an ios developer with over six years developing applications for large firms, my experience focuses on security, api   s, fast and reliable code. i like sharing my expertise and knowledge with other team members and learning new things. 
eligible to work in the u.k. and e.u.   i'm a passionate developer who's dabbled in a wide variety of languages and other relative practises. i always appreciate a new challenge and i love owning the challenge to produce robust, resusable, and as easy to understand as possible results.   working on a wide array of projects, i'm happy to say that i have learned and grown a lot and that i am certain any role i take with any company, friend or colleague, i will prove to be a valuable asset.   i believe in reap the fruits of ones labour. to build your potential and accomplish as much as possible.   besides that, i'm a down to earth, friendly person who's gotten along with everyone met.   below is as brief list of the skills i've picked up       ios, objective-c, xcode, cocoa touch, frameworks, objective-c, swift.     ipad, ipod, iphone.     mvc
i'm a mac and ios software developer with over a decade of experience. i'm also proficient at icon, graphic and web design.  specialties  ios & mac development in swift & objective-c, ui/ux design, icon design ,
i am an senior ios developer who is passionate about building creative and unique mobile applications with best user experience.  i   ve worked with coca-cola, american express, becel lipton and some other sector leader companies.
i am open to new ios opportunities and am available from april 6th 2020 ,  an ambitious and conscientious senior ios developer who is seeking to enhance the development, communication, team working and problem-solving skills developed through my career and extra-curricular activities. , shyambhudia 
i am a highly dedicated and motivated individual  always enthusiastic to learn and have a keen eye for detail. i love working on products that delight people daily. i strive to do my best work and keep moving the needle forward. , sorinc03 ,
experienced ios / mobile developer, skilled at creating reliable ios and android apps. i can take a design specification and turn into an app on the app store. with my background in developing backend systems, i am a full-stack mobile developer. i also have a design background i have previously developed beautiful app ui's. currently looking for contract or remote permanent roles only.  i am experienced at using swift and objective-c to developer ios apps. i also have in-depth knowledge of java for android apps. i also have experience in developing desktop cocoa apps for macos. from my extensive coding background i have deep wealth of knowledge i can draw on to get projects completed.  i am very open-minded and i'm constantly trying to apply knowledge i've learnt to new technologies. (eg, using my knowledge of java to learn objective-c ) i also aim to make my work more efficient and fully embrace open-source solutions for these,  as well as creating my own tools to enhance the development cycle. ,
ambitious software developer with a love for ios development.  advocate of solid design principles in software development  experience  in swift 5.x, 4.x, 3.x     objective-c swiftui    cocoatouch      uikit     core graphics     core data     corevideo     coreimage     mapkit     corelocation     social framework     accounts     cameraviewcontroller     avplayer     facebook sdk     twitter sdk     swiftyjson     rxswift, rx cocoa, alamofire      rncryptor      model view controller (mvc)     model view viewmodel (mvvm) kotlin, android studio ,
ios developer currently doing my university placement year as an trainee ios developer at bbc news, working in a team responsible for developing, and maintaining public service apps to an audience of millions. 
french senior ios developer with over 20 years of software development experience with a strong focus on ui/ux development.   currently focusing on all things mobile  smartphones, tablets, ios, android (but my priority is clearly ios right now).  formerly  senior flex/air/flash developer  specialties  development, design, ios, iphone, ipad, swift, objective-c, cocoa-touch, ios sdk, java, android, xcode, appcode, photoshop
hi!  currently an ios developer working on arity   s mobile application in a scrum team.   previously compozed xp engineer specialising in pair programming, tdd and adhering to solid principles. my main work was with go & java spring backend api services. with use of kafka, cassandra, apigee and pcf.  i have a passion for mobile development, which i not only work in my day to day role. i also keep up to date with learning and building my own portfolio in my free time.   please feel free to reach out to me and we can discuss in more detail regarding my experience and expertise. i can also provide my c.v which contains more detailed information relating to my skill sets. 
ios developer with a strong focus in swift, love all things apple! , angusmul , highly experience ios-developer, with strong self study skills. , skyscanner 
ios engineer and swift compiler collaborator. passionate about writing high-quality and efficient swift code. enjoy working with low-level languages like c++ and x86 asm. , suyashsrijan , 
i am dutiful, responsible, precise, careful, communicative, smart and ambitious. i have great computer & analytical skills.   computer skills  operating systems  windows xp/7, ubuntu, macos. programming languages and web technologies  c, objective-c, swift, autoit scripting, html (theoretical). databases  sqlite (basics). coding software  eclipse luna, keil uvision, xcode (apple ios sdk), altera quartus 2. revision control software  git, svn. project management software  jira, redmine. engineering software  p-cad 2006, altium designer
having recently completed a 5 year undergraduate masters in physics with astrophysics at the university of edinburgh, i'm looking for a job in the technology industry in the future that combines my interests in technology and business. below you should find a link to my online cv. 
languages  swift, objective-c, c, javascript  technologies and tools   ios- rxswift, reactiveobjc, concurrency, cocoa touch, core animation, uikit, core data, autolayout, watchos, instruments, xcode, appcode, cocoapods, carthage
hello. thanks for visiting my profile. you are welcome to send me connection, but i will accept it only from people that i actually worked with.   currently working at facebook and not looking for new opportunities.
i am an ios engineer with a background in mechanical engineering.  i have designed and developed several ios apps written in swift from zero to version 1.0 with 3 published apps on the app store  idle, successontap and skyline sprint.  i aim to create intuitive user experiences whilst maintaining readable code and i am always eager to learn new skills. i am proficient in swift, xcode, sketch, git, coredata, cocoapods.   i am currently working at the appbusiness as an ios engineer. ,
royaume-uni , techno - managerial professional having more than 6 years of vast experience working as a project manager, mobile application developer.  an experienced, enthusiastic and professional software engineer specialising in ios app development. believes in producing robust, clean and maintainable code using industry best practices such as dependency injection, test driven development and separation of concerns. keen follower of software craftsmanship.  experience working in development teams globally using remote tools, as well as more traditional office based teams. mentored developers of a wide variety of skill levels/experience, and carried out many developer interviews.   management wise i have managed software development projects, taking care of estimation and budget, team skills and delivery by efficient resource planning and work allocation.  technically i come from software development. i have performed roles of project  manager, head of the application department. i have hands on experience working on development autonomously the host apps (ios + api   s). i have partnered with designers to help define and implement user interface. i have elaborated user stories, mock up screens and flow diagrams to help designing the solution. i have worked with team members on server-side integration.   i carry proactive, confident and with a positive  can-do  attitude. i am a great team player and practical solution finder. 
a software engineer with 20+ years it experience obtained across a range of different sized companies using various technologies on many platforms.  specialties   mobile applications, oracle database design and development,   some experience in   business objects, data exploration tools, html & jquery. 
i am a highly motivated ios developer and freelancer with a background in computer science and a strong passion for mobile technologies. i also have master   s degree in digital and creative media from dublin institute of technology where i specialised in mobile application development and received a first class honours. i have excellent verbal and written communication skills and can work well in teams of all sizes. i have a keen eye for ui/ux and actively follow new consumer facing technologies.  early in my career as a software developer, i found a strong affinity towards developing for apple's ios ecosystem. my years of development have allowed me to work with a wide variety of teams and individuals, honing my skills and expanding my knowledge of the platform. i pride myself on always putting all of my effort into any situation and aim to learn and develop my skills further through the industry. ,
simplicity is the keynote of all true elegance.   (coco chanel)  i'm a passionate developer specialised in mobile applications.  i entered in the world of programming by studying java and android and i have increased my knowledge with c# and fell in love with objective-c, ios development and now swift.  my goal is to master my professional skills in an agile environment, producing high quality software.
ios developer with an appreciation for technology and a motivation to create exceptional mobile applications.  ios software engineer, currently living in brighton, united kingdom. passionate about mobile applications, user experience, machine learning and iot.
i am an ios developer with knowledge of swift 5 and xcode 11. i have experience from initial design through wireframes and mockups, through development to publishing apps on the app store. i am also a qualified scrum master.
experienced ios engineer, passionate about user experience and building great products  self defence instructor tccc special forces course full driver licenses ios developer system architect 
am an extremely passionate and eager to learn ios developer. i have experience across education, retail, marketing and sport. my previous experience enables me to work with customers/colleagues to understand business requirements and help to translate them in to a realistic technical plan.  my learning at careerfoundry has given me a solid foundation in the fundamentals of ios development and since completing the course i have continued to develop my skills around using the ios sdk and other services such as google   s firebase and other websites using rest apis. 
contract ios developer working with companies and clients to create mobile apps for the iphone and ipad.  i have been designing and programming for 6 years. i have created three apps professionally from start to finish and for the last 7 months i have been working at a small speech therapy company as a developer as well as an ongoing project in my spare time. everything i have learnt, i have researched and studied passionately to ensure that i understand and can improve my skills as much as possible. ios programming is something i am motivated to work hard in order to get a career in this field. i look up to those who work in this industry and i'm motivated to learn what i can from people with more experience than myself. i strive in using new skills and rewriting code to keep it as maintainable as possible and see myself as a perfectionist.  i am able to bring ideas that appear fresh and new to apps and design as its something i have been working with for the last five years. 
accomplished and highly self-motivated senior software engineer with a solid record in owning and delivering high quality software solutions. passionate about ios & swift, polished user experiences and clean scalable software architecture. known as an open-minded    go-to    person with complete dedication to projects, understanding of end-user expectations and the need to liaise with stakeholders.  key technologies  ios, tvos, swift, swiftui, rxswift, typescript. 
professional software engineer with extensive experience developing mobile applications and frameworks. well versed in, and an advocate for, modern best practices that enable fast delivery. looking for new challenges to deliver world-class software that has meaningful impact on people   s lives. ,
passionate ios engineer & wwdc19 attendee with a history of success on the app store, including holding the top trending spot in the uk. graduated in with a first class degree from newcastle university.  as a lover of all things in the world of apple development, i'm always looking to expand my knowledge and share that with my colleagues and the wider community. wherever i have worked, i've driven enthusiasm into the platform and encouraged talks, conference visits, and monthly team meetings to share what we know best.  when not sharing with the community, i'm using the latest and greatest technology to build my personal apps, including a podcast player written entirely in swiftui and a popular catalyst app. 
22 years in software development, including business and games software.  the previous 8 years focused solely on native mobile development, with 10 apps live on the appstore, including business apps, music apps and games.  passionate about all things mobile, and a swift devotee.  also extensive experience in software design and game design, project management and scheduling.  design director for many years for large game development teams. 
ios developer currently working in both swift and objective-c ,i have a positive attitude towards everything which i believe will let me fit in quickly in any work place and motivate the others around me. my passion is to code and to solve problems. i love to code because it is a team effort, a whole team of people are connected to the practice. code touches every single person in the organisation and makes a difference to every single user that touches it. i   m a fast learner with a great experience with swift. 
driven and enthusiastic software engineer that delights in delivering valuable products to solve a genuine problem. i am constantly looking for opportunities to grow and challenge myself in an innovative and fast paced environment. my experience ranges from some of the world's largest organisation including rbs and shell helping shape the product road map by taking part in all aspects of project planning and delivery. 
a process cannot be understood by stopping it.  understanding must move with the flow of the process, i enjoy developing macos and ios apps in swift, integrating web services, and creating polished guis with a focus on great usability. i've managed many development teams, co- founded 2 startups and built and ran a solid software consulting business for 9 years, but my preference is to stay hands on with development. recently exploring crypto/blockchain development. some management is ok. , demianturner 
i work as ios software engineer at sky betting & gaming in leeds - the game changing betting company born out of sky. we   re aiming to be the uk   s best digital business, constantly innovating and with the mission to ensure players understand the potential risks associated with gambling, the rules around betting integrity, and know how to look out for signs of potential harm in their gaming.  my career in the mobile development industry started late  during my studies i worked a lot as systems integrator for small businesses and as c/c++ developer in many minor projects, which introduced me to the world of software development. i wasn't new to embedded platforms at the time but smartphones never got me as much as robotics or gpu development, until i did my internship with the s.i.a. in palermo. during my period as an intern, i developed a prototype for a modular and responsive native android app which laid the foundation of the official unipa app.  after almost a year as a freelance android developer, i was hired by mangoadv, which was in search of an ios developer. i didn't found any major issue in switching my main working platform and environment, i thought it was instead a stimulant opportunity to push further my career. i learned objective-c, swift, protocol oriented programming and i also developed many apps plus a sdk for mobile in-app advertising. that year as an ios developer engaged me so much that i put myself in play again, so i joined the first ever european developer academy founded and run by apple inc. in naples, where i learned how to embrace an agile environment and how modern companies work on ideas while bringing them to life.   my aim is now to become a wiser and better developer  project after project, solution after solution. i still work on what made me love the world of computers since i was a child (computer graphics and game development), but for the time being i am having a great time with mobile platforms so i think i'll save those skills for the next big shift in my career! , androstmm 
a london based developer specialising in native apps for apples ios, tvos and watchos platforms. he is regularly involved in integrating mobile apps with backend systems for both enterprise and commercial solutions and currently sits within uk marketplace product development as a senior ios engineer at just eat.  he previously lead the ios development at london start-up mipic, which won virgin   s pitch to rich innovation award 2014, and as a senior ios developer at deloitte digital, where he was the lead ios developers on deloitte digital   s pocketsales for ipad app which won the saleforce partner mobile innovation award 2014.  he maintains a keen interest in latest technology developments, spending his spare time engaging in projects and experiments to further develop his skills. to compliment his mobile expertise, he is proficient with animation and design software such as adobe flash, adobe photoshop and sketch. ,
experienced software engineer with overall 10+ years of professional experience. for the past 6 years my primary focus has been on ios.  languages, platforms, sdks   - ios  - cocoa  - swift  - objective-c  - java  - android  - javascript  skills - mobile architect - reactive programming - team leader - problem solver - analytical thinking  tools - fastlane - continuous integration (travisci, buddybuild, jenkins) - continuous delivery (testflight, hockey) - development tools (charlesproxy, git, cocoapods, etc..)  
i am a versatile ios developer with the ability to learn quickly, tackle difficult problems and to think outside of the current scope. i am flexible and can develop mobile applications through the full project lifecycle and assist in creating concepts and features that complement a business model and product needs.  key skills (years)   objective- c (6+ years), swift (4+ years)  i am proficient in most ios libraries including uikit, mapkit, avfoundation, ble, core data, unit tests and ui tests. i have extensive experience with core data, custom ui controls, media capture and consuming api   s including restful, 3rd party api   s and websocket api   s.
technical skills  - senior knowledge of  ios/osx sdk  cocoa and cocoa touch, uikit, ib/storyboard, size classes, auto layout and many ios/osx frameworks (some example below). - coredata (multithread, optimization), sqllite. - restful api interaction, json, xml, amazon aws. - mapkit and core location, google reverse geocoding api - ux, ui design and optimization, ui best practice and ios/osx hig, custom ui components using calayer, coregraphics. - ios and osx deep security problems understanding, advanced cryptography, anti-crack countermeasures and jailbreak detection.  - webkit, native dom inspection and manipulation. - ios extensions
brexiting (verb) /brekziting/ 1. telling everyone at the party that you are leaving, but actually staying.      i didn   t have enough time to write short code, so i wrote a long one instead.      there is a fundamental irony in a vr  company not allowing remote work.               running out of breath between the 'last gleaming' and 'whose broad stripes' in 'the star-spangled banner'. is it just me     last time i drove in germany i forgot we were supposed to drive on the wrong side of the road, thing is it didn't matter too much as i was driving a cheiftain mk10 mbt.....not sure if i had a green card.    waterfall vs. agile is a false dichotomy. they're both subtypes of business-driven engineering. it's like arguing for gonorrhea because  at least it's not syphilis .   if my profile picture resembles a 'square peg in a round hole' to you - that's what it is.   work from home to    - reduce your carbon footprint   - reduce your chances of getting coronavirus   - tbc ,
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the online media industry. skilled in f#, mobile applications, behavior-driven development (bdd), storyboarding, and html. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer science from universidade federal do rio grande do sul. 
experienced ios engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the e-commerce and financial services industries. skilled in modern ios application development, user experience, mobile applications, and back-end application development. , ersentekin 
check out my apps on the app store   your home - an app to help manage expenses & shopping lists in a shared household. highlighted by apple in  this weeks favourites  september 2018  hiit it - a hiit timer app with gamification, that rewards you a with unlocks and achievements as you progress.  experienced ios developer with 5 years experience developing for ios and apple products.   highly motivated, with excellent technical intuition and ability to understand technical concepts and problems quickly. passionate about challenging myself and those around me to create great products for users & for the business. very confident in my proficiency with swift & objective c. ,
hey, i   m ben.       i   m an ios & swift engineer who loves building great products.   my passion for technology led me to learning software engineering whilst studying for my computing degree at bournemouth university. learning to code, nice coffee and a sandy beach     what's not to love   since then, i've moved to london and have been working on apps such as tesco groceries, tesco scan pay go, and jack's shop smart at kin + carta create. as well as writing code, i enjoy collaborating with my teammates helping to shape the roadmap, features and design of the products i work on.  i also like working on my own apps too     in 2018 i shipped barcode scanning app called code scanner which now has  - 500+ monthly users - 20,000+ barcodes scanned - 50+ 5-star reviews on the app store - an average rating of 4.7 stars  currently i'm making the world work better at kin + carta create. if you'd like to know more, feel free to tap me up!      , gilroyben ,
co-organiser at swmobile (largest mobile meetup group in the south west of the uk). speaker at nslondon (2018), swiftheroes (2018), iosdevuk (2018)  specialties  ios, swift, objective c, react native, arkit, scenekit, cocoa, android, kotlin, java, c++, php, sql ,
senior ios developer with several years experience developing ios applications. has been responsible for maintaining, developing and analysing mobile applications for one of brazil   s largest banks, bradesco, amongst other companies (nova schin, ig futebol, imovelweb and ibm). has a strong interest in software engineering and learning about new technologies and implementation (rfid, nfc and ibeacon). ,
i am an ios developer with over 3 years experience.   recently, i worked  for sup as ios engineer. during my latest experience, my contribution helps sup to be featured multiple times on the homepage of uk appstore.  as a developer, i like to play with different technologies on a mobile platform such as ios and android.  graduated in june 2015 with master's degree in computer science from epitech. i also have a digital innovation for business certificate from hec paris.  feel to free to add me on linkedin. ---- french recruiters, i don't want to lose your times and my times. i'm not actively looking for a job in france. ,
hey! i'm a london-based ios engineer, currently working at santander uk. i have built and iterated on over 45 apps utilising a wide range of technologies, and across multiple sectors, including e-commerce, ride-sharing, social networks and community-based apps.  previous to software engineering, i pursued a career in finance in the us & the uk, with tenures as an investment analyst at several world-renowned financial organisations. in 2014, i graduated with a 1st class honours in accounting and finance. , boolerang 
professional model turned programmer for love of technology. deep learning enthusiast.  current resume  file/1ihr2bks#osx-qurs6knf6mv976miq0iokbff0cy6kncnqr3nvoi  currently looking for ios development positions. , brotecs technologies ltd. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. worked on a range of applications on the app store for some of the biggest brands. including tesco groceries, met office weather & natwest bankline mobile. 
i'm a software engineer with seven years of experience specialising in apple and frontend technologies. i am currently studying msc software engineering with foundations of machine learning at the university of manchester. before this, i was working as a senior software engineer at phonepe, india's payments app.   i am available to start part-time immediately and can work full time from the date i submitted my dissertation (5th september 2020) and have an option to apply for a sponsored working visa in conjunction with an employer.  cv - 
i have more than 5 years of commercial ios development.  i create apps with   - secure and good structure. mvp, mvvm, viper, clean swift (vip). - properly architecture. refactoring and patterns. - unit test and/or tdd. - docs for further support and development.  - all stages of development. prototyping, dev, testing and publishing. - sync work of many of developers. - decrease expenses for support.  mainly worked in agile and scrum environments, using jira, confluence, version control.  languages i use   swift 5, objective-c, c, c++, python and a few others. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer games industry. skilled in os x, python, perl, php, and netbeans. strong engineering professional graduated from open universify. 
highly competent, hands-on developer with over ten years    experience working in different technical roles across various market sectors. throughout this time, i have developed strong knowledge of object-oriented design and the paradigms of mobile and web application development. i am a purveyor of industry best practices and believe in creating the best possible user experience in all software i produce.  having spent over six years working with the ios and android sdks, i have been able to transform the processes and practices of mobile application projects into a full continuous integration/continuous delivery environment, making the most of tools such as jenkins, git, xctool, and fastlane, to name a few. i can quickly fit into existing development teams, engage with clients to understand their bespoke requirements, or even architect a completely greenfield project.  outside of sdks, my passion for technology extends to motorsports where i built my own group n rally car, and frequently compete in national rally events. 
ios development skills       have an excellent understanding of the ios sdk (experience in using swift and xcode) as well as using third party libraries using cocoapods (parse, sdwebimage, alamofire). i have worked in an agile team with other developers and designers to create a social network app. i have also used numerous ios frameworks, including foundation, uikit, avfoundation (for recording, saving and playing audio) and parse (for saving audio data in the cloud, then segregating and retrieving it when requested) to create my own apps. i have worked on the full life-cycle of apps, from conception to launching on the app store.  core technologies used   xcode (for all ios development) - swift - rest api   s - json (accessing and manipulating json data) - git (for source control) source tree (a git ide which supports gitflow) - model view controller (design patterns) - cocoapods (dependancy manager) - data persistence (nsuserdefaults) - agile scrum methodology - cloud integration (parse) - debugging - story boards and auto layout - sketch (ui / ux design) - trello - activel involved in all aspects of the product lifecycle - deployment of ios apps on the appstore ,
royaume-uni , public ios applications   1. site by parmo-robotics 2. fire by parmo-robotics 3. tale by parmo-robotics 4. sort by parmo-robotics 5. face by parmo-robotics 6. mask by parmo-robotics 7. cast by parmo-robotics 8. find by parmo-robotics 9. hunt by parmo-robotics 10. dive by parmo-robotics 11. neat by parmo-robotics 12. pond by parmo-robotics ,
have more than 6 years of experience in ios app development. also worked on finance app which stored the digital wallet.   key skills are swift, objective c, android, angular js 
wide range of expertise in software engineering including    - agile, scrum, continuous integration - jira, confluence, crucible + fisheye - github enterprise, bitbucket, git flow - jenkins, teamcity  experience with an array of platforms and languages   - ios application development  - android application development - javascript development (including nodejs) - java development (including spring framework, jetty) - android platform development (aosp) - c#.net, xna - c++/c - web-based cross-platform mobile applications - windows phone 7 & 8 application development 
current main skills   ios development 11+ years. first iphone app in the app store, october 15th 2008 cocoa touch, cocoa, xcode, objective c, swift, c/c++ os x since 1998 (rhapsody developer release 2) and mac os since 1986  previous main skills  java, java swing, java beans, ejbs, jsps and servlets, netbeans, eclipse sun certified java programmer for the java 2 platform 1.2 , jgsjames ,
i have worked with teams of various sizes and developed skills in building products in an agile manner, developed analytical abilities and prototyping techniques. i love clean, modular, scalable and maintainable code written to be reliable in all conditions. ios is my platform of choice.
highly experienced and skilled iphone app developer with a strong background in current industry technologies. proven ability to work independently or as part of a team. designed mobile ui, built mobile applications and published them on apple app store and google play store. 
experienced developer with 15+ years in the industry, including over 6 years developing ios and macos apps in objective c and swift. worked on enterprise b2b ipad apps for large companies  i have a fundamental knowledge of foundation, cocoa touch, uikit and coredata among others.  my last role was contracting for the digital agency conker on complex b2b ipad apps for a large blue-chip company, used by their reps across 20 territories in europe and africa. originally employed on a 1 month contract to help them out of a difficult situation, this was continuously extended until my contract finally ended in 2018, over 4 years.  with a mix of strong technical skills, a passion for design and usability, excellent literacy and communication skills and an effective team worker, i am confident i would be a great fit within your organisation. ,
royaume-uni ,     around 5  years of extensive iphone development (objective-c) experience as well as 3.5 years of java experience. also have experience in android mobile development. experienced in scrum methodology and design patterns.     tech lead for tap fish2 (iphone), ranked #1 multiple times in free apps and top grossing charts on usa app store, with more then 10 million downloads.      passionate for learning new tools and technologies, hardworking. good skills in problem solving and designing algorithms.     lead multiple teams to deliver quality products. extensive experience in working as technical team lead for projects as well as mentoring of junior resources for producing quality code.     proven track of meeting expectation of us clients (most of them were start-ups companies and ceos being graduates from mit, stanford and former employees of google and microsoft) ,
ios developer with a demonstrated history of building commercial swift apps consuming restful and graphql apis. experienced using various related technologies  git, xcode, cocoapods  etc.  bachelor of science in computer science from the university of leeds. focused in mobile development, concluding with research in ios development for use in education.
i   m a ios engineer specialising in swift who   s passionate about the entire development process from the initial planning to the final deployment. i   m a natural communicator and have years of experience working cross functionally within the tech sphere. i   m an early adopter of new technologies and management methodologies.
ios developer with a passion for building the next generation of ios apps with swift and xcode.  known for great problem solving abilities, meticulous attention to detail and a creative flair. ,
i   m an ios developer with +4 years of expertise building mobile apps, and +10 years experience in software engineering, currently working among a big team of talented developers to create some sports apps at pulselive, a sony company.
developing native ios apps in swift  ,experienced ios developer with over 15 years experience working in the it industry. skilled in mobile development, management information systems (mis), business intelligence.
i am a committed and creative individual in software development with an ambitious drive. ability to think through a problem coupled with the confidence to make ideas heard. organised, methodical and a keen eye for detail results in solid coding and trustworthy software programmes. understanding client requirements and communicating the progress of projects are core values in achieving long lasting business relationships. ,
i am only passionately curious.  ios developer specialising in swift. more than 5 years of experience developing ios/tvos/watchos applications.   - proficient in a variety of areas within the corporate legal and business management & marketing sector. 
software developer for over 20 years in a number of industries from space and defence to broadcast and finance.  for the last 15 years i've focused exclusively on ios and mac os x. i specialise in building technically complex, network connected apps from inception to delivery or taking on existing code bases and dramatically improving stability and performance.  i'm equally at home taking on a project independently or leading a team of top developers while working closely with product management, ux and qa. ,
available for new opportunities immediately.  10+ years experience working in mobile development on a number of different projects across a several different business domains.   key skills  swift, objective-c, xcode, tdd, carthage, cocoapods, fastlane, ci/cd, git, svn , lkhammer 
first class honours computer science graduate. a well cultured individual having been born and raised in dubai for 18 years. a hard-working and well organised developer with diverse experience across fields. proven specialist skills including technical developer, leadership, client-communication and decision making. aspiring innovation artist. hungry to learn. ,
experienced mobile software engineer specialising in mobile accessibility. experience in swift, objective-c, android, java api & cloud infrastructure. varied background in sales, management and i have a bachelor of arts focused in politics and communication studies from university of liverpool. ,
i am involved and skilled in the core development, analysis, design, deployment, and implementation of swift and objective-c projects with good hands.   i have the ability to deliver the projects single-handed.  i am an effective team member with the ability to adapt to meet the needs of an ever-changing environment. i have the ability to communicate at all levels without overcomplicating technical aspects. i am well motivated, always striving to improve performance and knowledge and keen to achieve team goals and targets within the allotted time frames.  specialties  languages/technologies/frameworks  swift 4.0, objective-c, c, c++, libsqlite3, storekit, facebook/twitter integration, apns, json, sqlite, sql, coredata
ios developer with good swift experience. self-thought and with good understanding of apple`s ecosystem.  i   m passionate about learning new technologies and i   m very comfortable with swift as well as with all the standard frameworks (uikit, coredata, mapkit, ...). i'm fluent with git. i use tower and postmen. striving under pressure  and able to get the job done. good team player and very sociable.  i like   - to work on good quality, clean architecture and clean code applications - diversity and challenges that trigger me and make me grow faster - to create and to enjoy the results. ,
a highly skilled software professional with over 15 years experience. a team player with a proven ability to communicate at all levels with both internal and external partners and, keen and quick to adopt the latest technologies to the advantage of projects i work upon.  skills     mobile software  6 years in ios      programming  15 years in objective c, swift, c/c++, visual c++, brew      worked in agile scrum environment using jira for project management      for version control used git, perforce and svn.     very good knowledge of software engineering principles and design patterns      good understanding of continuous integration process using jenkins.     unit test development using sentestingkit and ocmock frameworks. 
i am an enthusiastic and adaptable ios developer. i have been programming for 10 years and have developed a number of ios applications from idea to release. i have worked in finance as part of large interbank teams and on dating and commercial betting applications. 
hi, i have high interest in the latest technology, such as the implementation of arkit, mlkit, and already have 8+ years experience as developer in technology industry.       3+ years of ios app development using swift & objective-c     8+ years of work experiences in the tech industry - network storage, odm, and mobile software proficient in writing clean, maintainable and reusable codes     knowledge of bash scripting and linux system with 3+ years of cloud storage firmware testing     proficient in building, integrating, testing & supporting ios applications for mobile & tablet devices 
i was born somewhere in the middle east, spent my childhood in germany and my adulthood in the uk. in between all of that, i spent a year working in silicon valley and graduated with a first class degree in bsc computer games programming from the university of huddersfield.   i'm one of the founders at hayah, a company where i took a simple concept and brought it to life by planning, researching, designing, architecting, and developing everything around it, together as a two-man team.  in the past, i have worked as a senior developer to create mobile apps for ios and android as well as developed backend apis using node.js.   i have experience in       native ios. swift, objective-c      cross-platform app development for ios and android. axway/appcelerator titanium sdk using javascript      backend api development. node.js, mongodb, neo4j      mobile ui/ux design. sketch, photoshop 
i am actively open to get a new job opportunity for any kind of project now.           i always try to find the best solution for your problems.           i enjoy making things simple and writing clean codes.           i am hunger in learning new technologies and techniques.          my time is valuable and your time too.           work history summary      5 year, remote freelancing, 20+ projects     web front-end & back-end development     android & ios app development     computer vision     video / audio / image processing     google actions, amazon alexa, line clova         technologies            programming languages     html5, css, scss     javascript, python, php, ruby     kotlin, swift, c++      frameworks & libraries     react, vue.js, angular, reactnative     node.js, express, django, flask
i am a self-taught ios developer with a strong understanding of the swift programming language and passion for developing software.  i am the creator of the app store published violin bow hand coach and stacktracker apps, currently studying swift and developing a language learning application after working as an assistant language teacher in japan for three years and obtaining n2 level japanese within two and half years.   i am an ambitious and unrelenting student, currently trying to master the violin, japanese, chess, stock market investing and computer programming. 
experienced lead software engineer, up-to-date and interested with most new and upcoming  mobile technologies - currently specialising in ios application development  specialties    - ios application development - including watchos and tvos (swift / objective-c) - agile methodologies   additional interests   - ci/cd in mobile apps - tdd in mobile apps , kannanprasad87 
highly skilled ios developer with 8 years of objective-c and 5 years of swift experience handles the creation of complex, user-focused software applications at the highest level of quality and efficiency for the ios, tvos, watchos and ipados platform.      has profound knowledge of writing unit test, ui test to ensure code quality, performance, stability, responsiveness of the application and has previously implemented and maintained ci/cd pipelines using tools such as fastlane, cicleci, gitlab.    experienced using restful web services, mapping json responses into model objects and serializing them to the file system with coredata, integrating push notifications or in-app purchases with using apple official tools like xcode, interface builder, instruments. ,
ios developer experienced in building scalable and maintainable ios applications using swift and objective c, using the best practices such as mvvm and tdd.
i've been developing native ios apps in swift since its release and i instruct a highly regarded course on udemy called mastering table views. i also provide private ios tutoring in my free time and occasionally cohost the popular fireside swift podcast. ,
i'm an ios developer continuously gaining experience in a wide range of technologies and techniques.  previously i earned a degree with first class honours in computer science with professional practice at brunel university london, in which i achieved the highest grades in the department.
mobile development, video-gaming, blockchain and general tech enthusiast looking to share ideas and develop software projects with equal minded people.  currently interested in / working with ios (swift), android (kotlin), ethereum and server side swift. 
senior ios developer at flipside group from march 2017 developing iphone and ipad applications for top clients.  until march 2017 was ios developer at tellybug   i worked on interactive 2nd screen apps for bbc and itv television shows including the x-factor, britain's got talent, the voice and international localised versions for asia, portugal, poland, denmark, greece and other localisations. developer of the allemod1 ios app for denmark tv show in 2016 and the finland version in 2017 (this app has just been released for the tv series just started in finland, called    kaikkivastaan1   .  developed a game in phaser for the 2015 i   m a celebrity ios and android apps, and an initial trial ios app for bbc beat the brain tv show which featured a large number of games built in, all developed in phaser to run in webviews inside the ios app. have worked on various other apps for other tv shows during the last 4.5 years.  experienced in objc and swift 3, rest/json. good knowledge of  use of twitterkit, fabric, crashalytics, flurry, google analytics, storekit
organised, collaborative and highly skilled ios developer with 6 years of professional experience in dynamic work environments, i take ownership of designing and developing various ios apps from the grounds up to the store. i   ve released 20+ apps in domains like hospitality, housing, automotive, sports, gambling, compliance & audit. 
over 11 years commercial experience creating online and offline mobile multimedia applications  9 years ios development  building iphone application's incorporating the use of multiple areas of the ios sdk. particularly working with serialisation formats to consume web services and work with in app maps, drawing with coregraphics and data management with coredata.  2 years flash/actionscript development    mostly working with large scale e-learning development for clients such as ufi and cambridge university press.
swift developer with a passion for writing clean, readable, self-documenting code. personal app featured as the no.1 new app in the uk app store in two categories. 
my passion is how to apply technology to create better products that provide some value to final users. i am more interested about new frameworks/apis and their potential uses in real life than the improvements in a programming language or the pure technical implementation. , ipablolondon ,
senior ios developer with bsc(hons) 2 1 in computer science with software engineering.  twelve years professional experience in mobile software development  starting my career with embedded controllers and j2me, moving to android and ios from their inception, and latterly focusing on and specialising in ios app development.  i enjoy working collaboratively with pos, bas, designers, to see projects from their beginnings through to completion, and completing them to the highest possible standard. ,
in 7 years building apps for the iphone & ipad, i've had the opportunity to work on many diverse projects  from medical research apps & streaming radio players to dating apps. i've developed with various different technologies including bluetooth connectivity, signed rest api requests, firebase, cloudkit and more. i have designed, developed & published over 50 of my own apps and i   m proud to say that every year over 1,000,000 individuals download and enjoy a product that i   ve built. ,
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in ios, cocoa, swift, objective-c, and xcode. strong engineering professional with a bsc hons in physics from university of york. , johnmartinward ,
versatile, highly skilled and experienced full stack software developer with 18 years of experience and a proven track record in web, mobile and iot projects.    i have extensive experience in delivering end-to-end, turnkey mobile products (database     backend     front end) from design to deployment on short time lines. i am also comfortable and have experience working in larger, corporate / agency development teams. i have published over 50 ios / android apps and have published live systems and web sites. 
ios engineer en busuu con 1 a  o de experiencia personal en swift. apasionado por lo que hago y cada d  a con ganas de avanzar m  s. ninguna ma  ana es dura si te gusta lo que haces. entusiasta de viajar y descubrir nuevos lugares. 
experienced mobile lead with a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry, having worked on major projects for ftse 100 companies.    skilled in mobile applications, ios, and objective-c. , theswiftmonkey 
i have 10 years of professional software engineering experience with different technologies like  native ios apps using swift & objective-c,  android apps with java & kotlin and building small-scale mobile games with unity3d using c#. recently, i have been focusing on react-native using typescript.
(mobile platform application + web server development + 10 years experiences )  ,i'm very passionate about technology , software and hardware , my performance is a reflection and extension of my inherently social and inquisitive nature. the services i provided throughout my career has an obvious value and has seasoned and spiced my life with a diverse collection of long and strong friendships and self satisfaction. both my personal and professional lives contribute to my hunger for perspectives on life from all over the world. from current events, to family, and cultural riches, getting to know people around the world and becoming familiar with their perspectives on all kinds of topics, contributes enormously to both the intellect and the spirit     with my only rule to remain as open as possible to all perspectives. 
results-oriented ios software developer and research professional with 19 years experience in it and 4 last years mainly of ios development. i also have an experience in graphics and design. all this make my goal to create software with the user in mind, creating applications with a useable and intuitive user interface experience.   i am constantly striving to learn new technologies and look to ways to better myself in this rapidly changing industry.
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in ios development with a keen eye on backend development using go, elixir or ruby. strong engineering professional with a bsc software development with web programming focused in it from university of wales, cardiff. , jorj_manc ,
a computer science technologist with confident computing skills and a driven desire to succeed. i have completed my final year studying bsc computer science at the university of hertfordshire graduating with a first class honours.   throughout my time at university, i focused on software development modules and completed a final year project developing an ios mobile application implementing the use of location services and social networking.   i then got a graduate ios developer position for ink global. after working with ink in a graduate position for 8 months, i was granted a promotion and continued to work on multiple projects developing the latest ios applications to be used within the airline industry.  in seeking to further my skills and experience, in 2016, i joined nodes. an agency focused on delivering high quality mobile applications. here i can gain more experience developing on many different types of applications. ,
senior ios developer with over 7 years experience in professional roles. with a strong working knowledge of both swift and objective c.  currently i work with shopkeep on one of the top ipad point of sale platforms in the usa. working with cross functional teams between their belfast and new york offices. at shopkeep we follow agile practices and continually strive to optimise the development process.   in 2019 i created an advanced video course on ios development which was funded by packt publishing  `advanced ios development with swift 4.x`    in the past i have worked with walgreens on their customer and internal applications. a startup with its innovative and award winning ideas, and a creative agency curating apps to break the mould.   as a hobby i am currently maintaining an app called podcast alarm, which allows users to wake up inspired with their favourite podcasts. it's a profitable project that is enjoyed by hundreds of paying customers (podcastalarm.app). i have made and released other apps in the past, most notably, gifable (gifableapp.com) which has had thousands of downloads since i released it in october 2017. i enjoy working on my own projects which further develop my skills and plan to release more of my work throughout 2020. , johnyjwilson 
mobile software architect and engineer, expert in all sdlc, applying the most advanced tools, best practices, design patterns, bdd/tdd and devops  technology evangelist helping teams to improve and deliver the best of the best  expert in translating business requirements into technical solutions with an innovation mindset with excellent awareness of new technologies and a solid grasp on the full engineering stack. , kasros ,
looking for sponsors, not a job!   i can change  the world with the ideas described below   1. i know what device to build in apple watch which will extend human's life 2. i have an idea for facebook dating part, which will change the dimensions of meeting someone beautiful on the street - iwatch + iphone 3. i know how to save time of the women when they pick up clothes, but i need big resources to accomplish this mission - application and one another thing  ) 4. i've found out how the governments of all countries around the world can win a lot of money from the gas stations - it's not an application 5. i found a way to help to old people who walk in the heats - associated with google or apple maps. 6. i know how to clean the air from dust which comes from outside the window  } 7. i found a way how to stop all suicidal bombers around the eu!!! 8. i know how to detect the rain that will fall down in next minutes. ,
i am a keen developer that enjoys a challenge and learning new things.   over 7 years commercial experience in full stack web development and approaching 2 years in ios mobile application development.   i am always taking on new challenges and pushing my boundaries as a developer, learning new things and applying them to projects to help businesses streamline and automate their processes.  i am also a udacity project reviewer. as a udacity project reviewer, i review student project submissions, striving to give actionable and helpful feedback.
with over 9 years of software development experience, mostly as mobile developer, i begin working with ios sdk 3.0 building native apps in 2009. since then mobile technology has changed very quickly and i have had the opportunity to continue studying and improving my skills and expertise to learn and discover new techniques. i enjoy implementing new and cool features, embracing new challenges and finding the best ways to solve complex problems in order to better myself as a mobile developer.    iphone developer (8 years)     c/objective-c /  cocoa touch     swift     xcode/interface builder/ storyboard     core data     mapkit /  location services     storekit - in app purchases     push notifications, in app notifications     phone memory management & instruments (memory leak determination, arc)     data compression     address book framework     internationalization and localization     core motion framework     avfoundation framework - qr code     mixare - augmented reality engine      firebase  android developer (2 years)       eclipse / android studio     fragments     in-app billing     maps android api     location and sensors apis     sqlite3 / ormlite     ksoap2     xml/rpc     wi-fi peer-to-peer     ndk  web      symfony     drupal  programming lenguajes       c++      c#     objetive-c     swift     java      php.  data base manager system      mysql     postgres     sqlite     db2 ide     xcode     android studio     eclipse     visual studio  operate systems      linux     mac os x. 
i am a developer focused on mobile applications, with a broad skillset in ios development. i like to build useful and intuitive tools that help people.  i have been developing mobile apps for a number of years as a hobby. in 2015, i decided to make it a career. i completed my master's degree in mobile application design from the university of kent with distinction, receiving the highest overall grade from my group. i then started working at chelsea apps factory, a company that enables enterprise clients to fully take advantage of what mobile has to offer.   prior and during my master's degree, i worked with a school that taught english as a foreign language (efl), working to support international students aged 11 - 17 in a residential environment. 
experienced ios app developer with chart-topping and featured apps on the app store. developing for ios since 2015, and currently creating cross-platform apps (ios, watchos, macos, and tvos). bachelor of science (bsc) in computer science. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry. skilled in ios development , web services and database designs. strong engineering professional with a msc. software development focused in computer science from coventry university. 
ios developer ,25+ years of development experience across many platforms  telecomms, mobile, desktop, server, web and embedded, many languages  including c/c++, swift, objective-c, javascript, php and sql  coupled with a passion for design. ,
software developer with 4 years commercial experience. i specialize in ios development.  i motivate my self to complete a task reliably with confidence. i never hesitate to give a helping hand to my colleges under critical circumstances, also guiding them whenever appropriate. 
a rapidly expanding digital market, with new advances almost each day, makes the understanding of the creativity of databases, networks and how it affects such large industries an exciting prospect. apps and web applications have become a focal point of online marketing, engaging with customers and advertising through these easily available and high performance additions online has been very successful and i pursue to further extend my knowledge in developing such applications.   attaining a first class honours degree in computer science has prepared me well for a position in technology related programmes. the fact that throughout the three years i have worked on several coding languages, especially html5, swift and java and using my own initiative and doing several independent researches, i have attained a wide range of skills which will be essential in any given role. ,
senior ios developer with 10+ years experience working in corporate and startup environments. cto experience on a multi-award winning startup. developed 20+ mobile apps for high profile clients such as clearscore, john lewis, uk government, vodafone mclaren mercedes, virgin media, cadbury or whiskas. passionate about continuous learning and developing core skills to apply clean architecture with code that is easy to understand, easy to test and easy to maintain. extensive experience working in cross-functional teams with a positive can-do attitude and a strong work ethic. ,
currently working with ios 10 swift language and objective c. creating working apps for mobile devices.  writing, producing, mixing and mastering music, setting up   business and getting them to a successful level.  specialties  music creation, writing producing, mixing and mastering sound. music business, ios programming , klavardesign 
senior ios developer with 5+ years industry experience and 3 applications live on the app store.  throughout my life, i have held a keen interest in software development and strive to keep up to date with the latest in technological advancement. i am an msc-educated software engineer who has worked on several projects as a senior ios developer, a field that i am looking to continue pursuing. thus i am currently seeking suitable projects on a contract basis. 
i have around fifteen years of experience in software development. i have worked both in industry and in research. currently, at deloitte, i have been developing enterprise ipad and iphone apps for different  companies. i am a certified scrummaster and uses agile processes to develop apps for the clients. i have done my msc in artificial intelligence and bsc in computer science.  i have keen interest working on innovative solutions. as a side project i have been developing innovative ios keyboard for fivetiles.com. in past i have developed an android and ios app called aestheticodes to recognise beautiful drawings as computer recognisable markers.   currently i am using swift programming language to develop an enterprise app for a client. i am using swift language to learn different aspects of functional programming.  i regularly attend several technology meetups in london, united kingdom to explore new trends in technology, to meet other people and broaden my knowledge. ,
do whatever it takes to reach your dreams.  inside the digital landscape ambition and enthusiasm play a pivotal role in taking on new challenges and bringing ideas to life. as a mobile architect, i enjoy contributing to the design and development of distributed systems that bring these ideas to life. a passion for ubiquity my strengths lie in providing user-friendly experiences on mobile devices that fit ubiquitously into the environment, communicating and interacting with back-end systems. practical experience alongside a high standard of education combined with the internet of things provides me with the knowledge and tools to remain relevant. ,
software engineer and entrepreneur with 20+ years experience delivering innovative products and solutions to global brands in the mobile, digital marketing, learning and development and games development sectors.   skills contract ios app developer swift, swiftui, objective c,  6+ years  cross platform mobile app developer ios & android 3+ years  start-up ceo dominic has started and run companies in the digital marketing technology and games development sectors.   project management managed and delivered 10 digital projects for global brands and advertising agencies. managed and delivered 100+ game skus for global games publishers  technical management hired and managed over 100 multi-disciplined technical staff.  experienced studio head with 50+ staff with a global client base experienced team lead - managing internal, external and remote developers with agile processes  business development generated leads and closed sales in all my businesses from   150k digital marketing contracts to   5m+ game development contracts. start-ups took 15secondtv from idea to a service used by global media giants achieved roi 1000%  exits. sold syrox developments to the climax group in 2000 at the time europe's largest independent game developer 
i am a passionate and creative ios developer with critically acclaimed corporate and gaming apps released to appstore. , moneybox 
full-stack developer with a current focus on native ios development in swift / objective c.    i am an it professional with over 16 years experience spanning all stages of the software project lifecycle in educational, commercial and enterprise solutions. i also have experience working with startups, and have co-founded and launched my own startup as cto at dash pm ltd.  my background covers a range of technologies, programming languages and architectures, ranging from native desktop apps, complex large-scale java / j2ee / soa enterprise applications, to end-to-end development of mobile ios applications both server and client side.    i have worked in client-facing consultant roles spanning development, technical leadership, system design, performance testing and technical / solution architecture. i have many years experience working in development teams of all sizes.  specialties  ios / cocoa / uikit, objective c, swift, uml, java, soa, sql, oracle, spring, j2ee
experienced mobile developer for ios and android, advanced web application developer and system architect.  an experienced application developer/it professional with an msc. (distinction) in computing  software technology and with very effective and proven leadership skills involving managing, developing and motivating individuals and teams to achieve laid-out objectives. a passion for new technologies and able to easily and fully understand and work with such technologies within a very short space of time, striving always for improvement expert knowledge and experience in design, development and implementation of intelligent client solutions, leading to suitability in analysis and easy understanding of a wide range of problem domains, further leading to effectiveness at proffering adequate and efficient solutions using industry-proven methodologies, also actively involved in the complete software development life cycle  a broad understanding of computers both from the hardware and software point of view, including installation, configuration, management, troubleshooting, and support  ability to work on own initiative and as part of a team, demonstrating excellence in extensive strategy formulation and risk analysis.  tact and rational with an excellent ability to interact effectively with people at all levels enthusiastic and passionate about expanding own skills and driving new ideas and innovative initiatives forward and the ability to cope with fast-paced and constantly changing environments , pimisi ,
private chef turned junior software engineer. skilled in ruby, ios development, mysql, ruby on rails, and swift. seeking my first full time role as a junior developer in london. ,
mobile software developer with experience developing native legacy objective-c applications and swift applications. i also have a keen interest in ui/ux design and software architecture.      experience managing and mentoring junior engineers     native ios software developer (objective-c & swift)     hybrid flutter android/ios developer (dart)     developed applications while applying common architectural patterns such as mvp, mvvm, and viper     reactive programming using the rxswift & combine frameworks     some past experience with c#, c++, and java (games development frameworks)     familiar with consuming restful api   s and building decoupled networking layers     history with developing games & 3d graphics engine development     proficient using git version control     experience with devops and maintaining ci (circleci, travis ci)     understanding of apple code signing and app submission process (adhoc, enterprise, app store, etc)     experience using fastlane tools to manage certificates and provisioning profiles and automate the build process     proficient at writing unit tests and maintaining high code coverage 
i'm a senior ios dev and have worked on key projects for large and small clients. experienced to an accredited level with aws. working with google/analytics, and firebase with push notifications, gitlab, jenkins c.i. and content management systems. psm i level udemy course completed with scrum cert prep, scrum master & agile scrum training. 
i'm an ios developer with +3 years of experience. i've been developing different ios mobile applications and sdks. solid experience  ios core technologies, objective-c, swift.  i'm a person who is looking for new challenges whether in my career path or personal life. ,
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. strong engineering professional skilled in mobile applications, ios, swift, objective-c, python, ruby, linux, continuous integration, aws, rest, 
software engineer, whose qualifications include a master   s degree in software engineering and a degree in computer science with business management.     developed a new 99% swift banking app for a client bank of deloitte digital. this app enables users to easily understand and manage their money.     developer on bskyb's sky+ app. with this, bskyb subscribers anywhere can see what's on and have their sky+ box record it immediately, so it's waiting when they get home.     code reviewer on bskyb's sky go app, an award-winning mobile video service for bskyb subscribers.     was the lead ios developer on the  simply tap  app, an extremely easy and intuitive uk mobile commerce app by the mobile money network.     was one of three developers on a project to expand scb india's  breeze  app, now giving a wide range of mobile banking services to scb india customers.     researched, designed, built, and maintained the official iphone app of city university london, entirely solo.     has extensive experience with objective-c, c, and java programming, and significant experience with c++, html, php, css, web services
i'm an ios contractor, looking for a contract.  i am a software developer with more than eight years professional experience developing native iphone and ipad apps. during this time i have held senior developer positions, working as part of a team and as a sole developer, producing applications for a wide variety of blue chip clients including disney, everything everywhere, ford and the england football association.   i have extensive experience working within common project management methodologies such as agile and scrum and implementing common software lifecycle management systems such as continuous integration with jenkins, git and crashlytics.  i understand the importance of producing robust, maintainable and testable software, and practice bdd and tdd using  automated functional ui testing with cucumber, appium and ruby, and unit testing with specta/expecta. 
senior mobile developer with 7 years experience specializing in developing native ios apps. overall 9 years experience as software developer with previous knowledge as java backend developer.  enthusiastic about learning and adapting to new technologies and applying them in mobile apps. fluent with researching and providing effective and robust solutions to the technical problems. previous co-founder and tech lead. released successful application features by apple and in many tech blogs (peek calendar).   fields on interest       mobile technology,     mobile computing,      computer vision,      augmented reality,      signal processing  contracting both on-site in uk and remotely. open for relocation. ,
software engineer who can bring a creative drive to software application development. - writing code in various languages, and feature development and implementation. - specialize in thinking outside the box to find unique solutions to difficult problems. - strong knowledge of embedded systems with experience in many projects. - i have the passion to learn new things. , ld solutions 
an experienced and well rounded software professional, with a very strong mobile background and some server side.      enthusiastic self-taught ios developer with 4+ years of experience     programming with swift and objective-c     interested in ios, watchos, macos & tvos app development     curious about product design, product development and product management  genuinely cares about not only delivering working solutions, but also delivering good, maintainable and extendable solutions.   always keen on learning new things.  has good interpersonal skills.  easy to work with.  passionate for innovation. thinks out of the box.  adaptive.  exceptional feel for user experience and ui.  excellent understanding of software development life cycle in agile. has sound foundations and vast and diverse experience especially in the mobile space. excellent academic background.  good understanding of the business environment. experience in diverse industry sectors  travel, music, property and education. very skilled at working in multicultural environment.  ios  swift, objective-c, cocoa touch, core data, core graphics, core animation, core location, mapkit, afnetworking
mi experiencia profesional siempre se ha centrado en la administraci  n de sistemas, en muchas ocasiones en el   rea de almacenamiento y copias de seguridad para el sector bancario y telecomunicaciones.  en 2012 conoc   el mundo de desarrollo de aplicaciones m  viles, en concreto ios, no he parado de hacer cursos y proyectos durante mi tiempo libre. esto fue as   hasta 2013, momento en el que decid   que esta afici  n se convirtiera en mi profesi  n.     estoy introducie  ndome en el mundo del testing con libreri  as como expecta, ocmockito, asi   como patrones de dise  o que facilitan estas labores, como por ejemplo inyeccio  n de dependencias con typhoon.  domino perfectamente el a  rea de cloud con aws, azure y backends especi  ficos    para plataformas mo  viles como parse y firebase.  me apasiona aprender cada d  a, intentar hacer c  digo con la m  xima calidad y divertirme con mi trabajo. 
passionate ios and android native consultant with more than 6 years experience in developing applications for various clients, including fortune global 500 companies and largest banks worldwide, as well as commercial java, devops, web development(angularjs) and ui design experience.      7 commercial ios apps on app store     3 commercial android apps on play market     experience as a solo developer as well as being part of a team  specialties  ios, iphone, ipad, cocoa, cocoa touch, android, swift, objective-c, java, apps, user experience, user interface, ux, ui 
ing  nieur logiciel chez tide banking (   londres), passionn   par les m  thodologies et syst  mes d'organisation qui permettent de donner vie aux projets.  j'ai eu la chance de participer au d  veloppement d'applications ios pour le compte de grandes entreprises fran  aises. j'ai dans ces occasions pris part    des projets organis  s en scrum et kanban.  j'aide les entreprises    comprendre pourquoi faire   voluer leur application est couteux et source d'erreurs. j'apporte mon exp  rience pour mettre en place les processus et solutions techniques qui permettent de r  pondre aux besoins du produit. , benjipetit ,
i am a responsible, flexible and ambitious games development graduate from sheffield hallam university currently working as an ios developer for oxbury fs. creating video games and software development is my passion.  see my cv attached below for more information on key skills and experience. 
experienced app developer, manager and product owner, with a proven track record and career spanning 18 years in mobile.  working with ios before the itunes app store even launched, i've developed and managed the development of a number of high profile, high volume apps.  specialties  ios development in swift (much preferred) & objective-c, team & technical leadership, recruitment and process development.  i derive great satisfaction from   - orchestrating effective teamwork - properly solving involved technical problems - building teams - eliminating technical debt - helping developers mature and reach their full potential - selling ideas upwards and downwards - negotiating - making customers happy - doing a great job 
i have over ten years experience developing apps using a wide range of programming languages for ios, android, and windows phone. during this time i have been fortunate enough to have worked with high profile brands including hmrc, mcdonalds, virgin media, discovery and easy group.  i am passionate about creating high quality, maintainable code using methodologies such as tdd/bdd mvvm and vip to produce loosely coupled, modular architecture.
ios senior software engineer developing quality code for small and large companies with enthusiasm since 2013. mobile application ios development team leader since 2018.  i   ve worked on many mobile applications (mainly for ios) and various cms in python using django framework.  fast and accurate, i pay a lot of attention on clean architecture and readable code. i   ve worked also as full stack developer mainly for demo and prototipation purpose. during my career, thanks to my adaptability, i have gained experience with a lot of languages like html, css, javascript, jquery, java, php, c and sql. problem solving, collaboration, adaptability and work commitment are my primary skills. i am also dynamic and fast thanks to my time management skill. skilled in manage the relationships with the customers thanks to 4 years of project management as side task. 
a dynamic, innovative and highly motivated it professional/ios developer with significant transferable software design experience gained within the business intelligence sector. widely familiar with the creation, design and implementation of bespoke software solutions for critical business functions, and creative application technologies, which exceed customer expectations. a bilingual communicator who demonstrates exceptional interpersonal skills and enjoys leading a successful multi-lingual and multi-cultural team, forging excellent working relationships with key clients and thriving in challenging working environments to achieve objectives within strict deadlines. possesses solid analytical proficiency, applying rational and methodical thought to quickly identify and rectify faults for clients located across the globe. author of allaboutswift.com, a technology site about frameworks, design patterns and the latest topics in the swift and ios world.  a lead ios software developer accustomed to using the following   programming  swift, objective c, oop, c/c+. scripting technologies, agile development (scrum), tdd, bdd, ruby, dos batch-files, linux scripts
multifaceted mobile application developer   - 3+ years developing ios apps using swift & objective c  - continuous integration  - responsive web design & development  - enterprise mobile app experience  - video games industry experience  - agile project management (scrum)  - android development   - quality assurance , creagh2 
an ios engineer with 8 years of experience across a range of industries. i have helped build and improve apps from pre-seed startups to some of the uk's largest companies. i also design, build & publish educational apps with my partner via e8 studios. 
i am a tech lead and an ios/macos developer with extensive experience having worked on over 40 different purpose, award winning apps ranging from small games to in house enterprise solutions and products with hundreds of thousands of downloads.  proven experience leading teams of up to 5 developers to successfully deliver feature rich, advanced, high quality projects in an agile environment. my process responsibilities included establishing the overall architecture, code style, automated tests setup, code reviews, providing guidance to other team members and writing a number of app features. to ensure my team were focused on development i was in close liaison with the other departments and technical 3rd parties to ensure a successful collaborative delivery effort.  running my own development agency with tens of satisfied customers around the world, working by myself and as part of big and small development teams taught me a variety of skills in proposing, designing, implementing and overseeing development of solutions to satisfy customer needs as well as managing other programmers, designers and other stakeholders to create complex applications.  joining a multiple projects at different stages in the development cycle i learned to familiarise with the project setup, structure and logic quickly so i am able to come on board for any project at any stage of completion and begin contributing from day one from shaping ideas to coding and submitting to the app store. in addition to using those skills in a commercial environment they helped me win two hackathon events by creating a working app prototype from scratch over 48 hours. 
currently working on ios with new technologies. love to discover new apps and startups. - love to create products that people want and need. - maintaining and developing a large scale mobile banking and e-commerce applications with innovative solutions. - fast and adaptive learner and get used to new technologies very quickly  - debug, diagnose and fix the problems workaround development environment bugs in developing and existing applications. - upgrading and maintaining mobile apps to new ios sdks  - organizing meetups and hackathons. - participating in 20 hackathons,
i am a self-taught ios developer currently working at redbox mobile and as an independent developer. i primarily develop for ios and other apple platforms using swift but have some experience with other programming languages too.  at redbox mobile, i am the sole developer of the redbox toolbox ios and macos app but feed into a wider development team alongside the company   s other product - the blackbox platform.  the redbox toolbox is primarily aimed at other small ios developers who can   t necessarily afford to pay aso agencies to write their app   s metadata for them. initially created to help account managers at redbox mobile speed up metadata creation time, it was officially launched on the app store in 2019 to a wider audience after going through a number of iterations that have expanded the feature set. it now contains multiple tools that enable an app owner to gain a deeper insight into their apps.  alongside working at here, i have been independently developing my own applications for ios, watchos, macos and tvos since 2016. this initially started as a hobby, but i have since gone on to develop a number of successful applications worthy of a sustainable business  my most well-known app being shift keyboard which was featured on a number of high-profile apple specific news sites such as 9to5mac and cult of mac.the app itself has even ranked in the top 10 overall paid apps in the us and many other countries worldwide. ,
a self-confessed writer, speaker, technologist and ios software engineer.  i currently operate as a principal software engineer specifically for the ios platform, offering traditional programming services and understanding the modern recognized paradigms.  it all began in 2009 when i released leeds football fan, an unofficial leeds united iphone application, i was featured on bbc radio leeds, yorkshire evening post and with downloads exceeding 20,000.  with over 7 years of commercial experience in ios, i am now offering my skills to companies across europe & the uk. working with corporations such as emirates, audi, william hill, national grid, sky bet, moshi monsters.  on an interpersonal level, i am a very confident speaker and in written communication with the ability to scope technical requirements with the understanding of the business benefits.  i am currently offering talks to various conferences/meetups and writing regularly for raywenderlich.com.  key skills include   - mobile development (ios / xamarin) - web development (node js) - tdd (test driven development) - scm (git / svn) - experience using php - restful api's  conference talks   iosdevuk 7 & 8 codemobile uk , competition_box ,
i am an ios developer with 4 years experience, with exposure to the full app development and release cycle, in both swift & objective-c. 
i build mobile apps for the appstore and for enterprises. as a mobile software engineer, i have worked on a range of software from game consoles such as the nintendods, playstation vita to enterprise mobile apps for ios and android.  with 10+ years of software engineering, i am a specialist in android and ios mobile development.   if you have an idea for an app or a mobile game then get in touch. i can provide advice and/or a quote for time and cost. 
mobile app developer with over 5 years of experience working on mobile apps across both android and ios, working in both small startups as well as large enterprises. i have worked primarily in the health and fitness and travel sectors. 
i specialise in mobile applications development and enjoy creating apps that help simplify people   s day-to day lives. using a highly quantitative and object oriented approach  i pride myself on creating products with beautiful uis and the most intuitive user experiences. i am a self-starter and a quick learner when it comes to picking up new programming languages and technologies as well as implementing creative solutions for real-time distributed applications. with years of experience working within a start-up and agency culture i embrace the challenge of working under tight deadlines and consistently rise to the occasion in high-pressure situations. programming is not just a job for me, but a way of life! i look forward to opportunities that allow me to learn new skills, write robust, clean code and design and deliver seamless products.dan martinell has over 10 years experience in information security including identity management, application security, and pentesting. dan has served as team lead in two roles and excels when deep diving into difficult problems, while simltaneously motivating his team. he currently leads a pentest team for nordstrom and its subsidiaries. dan has multiple 0-day vulnerabilities in popular and highly used software products. he uses creative approaches to attack systems/software as a strong foundation for his success.
looking for employment as a pentester/security/help desk in the windows and linux operating systems.
i have over 15 years of experience in internet security.  i have been working at johnson & wales university for the past 12 years doing information security.  some of my responsibilities include  penetration testing, security audits for windows and unix/linux servers (before go-live), periodic security audits for  client machines, servers, network devices, insecure open ports, weak ssl certificates, new vulnerabilities, etc., monitoring the network for malicious activity and unencrypted traffic, staying up to date with the latest vulnerabilities, exploits and 0 days,   my primary focus is penetration testing with an emphasis on web application security.  i have the following giac certs  gwapt, gcih, gwas, and gpen.  specialties  owasp zap, burp professional, nessus, metasploit, ratproxy, wa3f, wireshark, nmap, goolag, webscarab, tcpdump, net stumbler, kismet, netcat, cain, pwdump, john, backtrack,, firewalls, and other various applications/tools. sql injection, xss, csrf, rfi, browser based exploits, etc.
i am a high-energy individual who thrives in fast-paced, high-volume environments where i manage multiple projects with unique deadlines, budgets, and priorities. i have a passion for continuous business and process improvement, optimizing internal processes, and implementing new procedures  resulting in improved efficiency and reduced operating expenses. i am comfortable in balancing business goals with sales and marketing strategies and love to collaborate between departments and management levels. as an accomplished linguist and writer, i have excellent oral and written communication skills, am adept at french, russian, and italian, and able to easily thrive in multi-cultural environments.
i love anything computer security and have been providing network and server security for over 10 years now, banks,healthcare and utility company's in north dakota, minnesota and montana, main focus   penetrations testing and security audits
pentester and programmer who enjoys the creative process of breaking and making software. specializes in testing web and mobile applications.  advocate for increasing the representation of women and underrepresented groups in the security industry.
pc load letter !
as far back as i could remember i was hooked on anything with a circuit in it. figuring out the proper release times on the stuff animal machine at the local italian restaurant or the backdoor search method on middle school computers to gain access to other students assignments. i spent good amount of time learning from my family especially my grandparents, who taught me great problem-solving skills being it in business or in engineering.  i have taken that knowledge over the years and turned it into a love of computers and electronics. i have done many projects over the years from web design, photo editing, website development but have a passion for security.   programming languages  bash python ruby    feel free to contact me    mnowell nowellsecurity.net
coming to cci was like enrolling at hogwarts. code is a magical language and your laptop becomes your wand. you can use it to build wonderfully disruptive and fantastic things you can take anywhere, unlike at hogwarts where your powers are limited to campus.
author of ikecrack, wepcrack, wepwedgie, xss-proxy and co-author of xss-attacks book.    presented at defcon and many other security conferences. research featured in multiple books including phishing exposed, maximum wireless security, wi-foo  the secrets of wireless hacking as well as multiple online articles.   specialties   cryptography/vpns wireless security and software defined radio protocol fuzzing web/application security firewalls/nat network engineering application development systems engineering and linux kernel
security enthusiast, penetration tester, defcon ctf team leader.
senior pentester, c# .net, python, extremely versed in offensive cyber operations. cleared.
currently working part time as a penetration tester for a cybersecurity consulting firm. previous expertise as an sonar electronics technician in the military with skills in leadership, problem solving, instruction, intelligence analysis, government policy, force protection and military regulations.
experienced senior with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in ethical hacking, threat & vulnerability management, counterterrorism, malware analysis, and reverse engineering. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of arts - ba focused in english language and literature, general from universidad del sagrado coraz  n.
my history of success comprises years in defining and guiding the implementation of it/cyber security/information assurance industry best practices and standards to strengthen organizations growth.    i have done both sides of the cyber security operations  defensive, and offensive. e.g.  on the defensive side, are you guys using signature based detection, or using heuristics   on the offensive side, i have performed web-app pen-testings. how secure is your system   are you doing cyber war gaming   on the offensive side, i have performed webapp manual penetration testing -- showing that the exploit actually works.     my achievements are the following  ~ successfully performed web-app pen-testing within a corporate, government, and academic environments ~ exceptional analytical skills and exceeding organizational it/cyber/information assurance and business needs ~ skilled at correlating all events logs and utilizing inductive and deductive reasoning, complex problem solving and active listening abilities to manage computer networks including hardware, application/systems, malware analysis ~ spoken languages  english, castellano or espa  ol, chinese - mandarin (      ) , and taiwanese (      ) ~ holds ms in information assurance, bs in information systems management and is certified in  comptia (ce) security+, network+ ce, ceh, c|nda, and served as subject matter expert for comptia pentest+, splunk fundamentals, and nse 1 & 2 network security associate, fortinet, etc.   prefer free parking.  please send me an email with the job description, and i will get back to you.  i check my email at least twice a day.  personal identifier information (pii) will not be provided over the phone, skype, or any other type of communication devices.  any phishing, vhishing, scams, or data pilfering will be ignored and deleted.  a pdf copy of my resume & certificates can be downloaded below.  please enlarge the document to full screen mode located on the bottom right side and hover over the [ ] icon, and there should be a download [   ] icon on the top right hand corner to download the document in pdf.  my contact number and email is on my resume.  a verbal agreement is a legal binding agreement, once you have agree to something, you can not take it back.
i am a highly motivated individual, with excellent interpersonal and organizational skills, seeking a challenging information security position.  i am a resourceful problem solver with the proven ability to bring quick resolutions to challenging situations
infosec professional. cyberpunk by choice and trade. also acts. future oscp.
passionate cyber security enthusiast on track to becoming a junior penetration tester, currently looking for remote roles, open to all opportunities.
self motivated and disciplined individual with a passion for information security.
arthur is a successful entrepreneur, technology professional, and mentor. he is a full-time family man, part-time consultant and spare-time musician. he graduated from loyola university chicago and currently lives in greater chicago-land.  -----  as a cybersecurity executive and software engineer with nearly 20 years of experience, i am obsessively focused on solving customer problems. technical challenges certainly excite me, but providing value to the end user has always proved to be the best path towards success.  as a team leader, i am driven to develop high-performing teams and am relentless in helping people do their best technical work. i am passionate about fostering a culture in which all team members can contribute and grow -- because when you create an incredible team, you'll create incredible things.  are you looking for a technical leader, mentor, or consultant  i'd love to talk about how i could help!
17+ years of experience in various key roles at product companies in and around product management, technical marketing and engineering      experienced in doing competitive analysis of existing and upcoming security products to ensure our features are in sync or ahead of our competition. currently working on coming up with a secure mobile device\application management cloud solution to be provided as a saas, including endpoint security      worked on creating strategy documents with qa in order to match requirements with fsd\dsd and provide direction and guidance on    how to    test functionality of the feature      participating in product launches and sales kick-offs to build technical product messaging, pitching across product technologies for both consumer and enterprise products      represented the voice of the customers to internal teams and prioritise product enhancements by making smart, decisive tradeoffs using data-driven analysis and sound judgment. product owned various projects in parallel from building security products or servers to support enterprise environments       experienced in creating use cases, feature requirements, and high level test plans around firewall, intrusion prevention, application and device control, auto location, & host integrity. created detailed product requirement documents that clearly articulate desired feature functionality       build multiple projects from scratch and also supported flagship products at organisations      strong expertise in understanding customer networks (topologies and design) which covered both ipv4 and ipv6 environments      work with creating prd's  and converting them into functional requirements and writing functional epics and stories to be groomed with engineering
backdoors, ransomware, spyware and every type of malware is more about manipulating and controlling vulnerabilities in human psychology than the adversary's technological sophistication.
i am a mission-driven veteran of the united states army, and my mission is to provide veterans with the training and resources needed to complete the toughest of missions the military has- leaving. finding a career (or even a decent job) can seem like an impossible task  i know it felt like that for me. when i left the army, i had big plans- all of which came crashing down on top of me. i fell into the downward spiral that many a vet has fallen into as well. many make it through, some stronger for it  yet most come out just barely surviving. some don't make it out at all... i made it out of that dark, terrible place, and came out stronger because of it. and though i would not be where i am were it not for my struggles, i strongly believe that no veteran should have to go through what i experienced. every day, however, they do. so it's my mission to help every veteran i can by giving them the tools and resources i never had, so they never have to do what i did nor experience what i went through. i want every veteran to not only succeed and survive, but to be wealthy and thrive.  professional accomplishments      awarded dod security clearance     team lead for organizational-wide operational readiness and system diagnostics. personally responsible for $70m in communications equipment and vehicles. awarded army achievement medal for implementing program to decrease downtime by 20%.      awarded numerous medals for    exceptional meritorious service   .   personal accomplishments      passionate outdoorsman and computer nerd     first to complete all three covered 6 academies successfully
over 10 years of experience in it security, software development and hardware support within the information technology industry. work as a malware engineer , analyst, network and operating systems architect, to providing an assessment of the severity of weaknesses or deficiencies discovered in the information system and its environment of operation and recommend corrective actions to address identified vulnerabilities and malware.  i collaborate with the incident response team to conduct malware analysis, network and system security audits and reviews audit reports. i enjoy working in fast paced environment and i   m very adaptable to new situations.     competencies  cybersecurity tools  metasploit, nasm, sqlmap, nmap, wireshark, nexpose.  languages  python, java, c++, javascript, powershell database  mssql, mysql operating systems  windows, linux, mac networking  lan/wan, tcp/ip, vpn, router, switches, firewall, vmware, dns, dhcp and many more.
as a penetration tester and security consultant with ncc group, i perform dynamic and static testing on web and mobile applications for the fortune 500 companies, ensuring that sensitive information of their clients is secure.   my daily job requires learning new skills all the time and keeping them sharp. currently, i am working on offensive security certified professional (oscp) certification.    areas of expertise    web application penetration testing, mobile testing (android), configuration review (macos, windows, linux, aws cloud)
determined and motivated leader with proven ability to effectively manage both personnel and projects.  self-starter and strong independent worker. excel at analyzing products and procedures to generate new ideas to improve efficiency and production quality.  highly adaptable to ever changing circumstances. key member in any team developing and executing strategic business plans.
penetration tester & sysadmin. i currently work as a pentester + security consultant for depth security in kcmo. let's connect!
over 10 years experience in information security industry, securing bitcoin/virtual currencies, bitcoin regulation and compliance, blockchain technology, penetration testing, forensics & incident response, malware analysis, threat intelligence, application & mobile security, software development and public speaker.  adjunct instructor at new york university, currently teaching computer forensics, securing web applications, and intrusion detection  hacking understood.  research interests include malware analysis, cryptography, hardware programming, web application security, cyber crime and cyber laws.  active owasp (open web application security project) member who wrote vulnerable software for the    capture the flag    contest at appsecusa 2013. currently participating in a cyber-policy fellowship with the madison policy forum in new york city.
success-driven, results-oriented, and innovative professional with a diverse skillset and expertise in cyber security and threat hunting, system administration, and network security practices implementation.  effective and hands-on leader with strong competency in driving high-quality and on-time completion of it projects and cyber operations. equipped with first-rate management skills in transforming visions and plans into strategic actions toward the achievement of established goals. adept at identifying complex solutions and coordinating team efforts to achieve smooth and productive operations. effective communicator  able to establish positive rapport and work collaboratively with individuals of all levels, coupled with advanced computer skills.  veteran with over 8 years of experience in information security, cyber threat hunting, penetration testing, and project management.
currently a junior at rose-hulman institute of technology.  i am passionate about information security and social engineering. i participate in ctf's and penetration labs such as hack the box labs and tryhackme labs in my free time to gain experience as well as attend conferences such as black hat and defcon.  pursuing a career in the information security and pentesting field.
certifications  isc2, cissp giac, gxpn giac, gwapt comptia pentest + ce appspider pro & enterprise certified specialist comptia, linux + comptia, security + ce security university, qualified ethical hacker security university, qualified security analyst security university, qualified penetration tester license security university, navy validator, qualified certification & accreditation committee on national security systems (cnss)  406a, 4011, 4012, 4013, 4015, 4016e, and 4016a  training  practical web application penetration testing (pwapt), 2019 black hat 2017, offensive mobile application exploitation black hat 2017, dark side ops ii  adversary simulation exodus intelligence, vulnerability development master class  former owner central-pa owasp chapter speaker, bloomcon 2019  selected as a subject matter expert (sme)for the comptia pentest+ exam, 2018 guest speaker at the qualys security conference, topic   automating vulnerability management , 2017
my skills include network and web penetration testing, industrial control systems (ics) or supervisory control and data acquisition (scada) and network security. i have some experience with program languages to include python, go, bash, powershell to support security tool development and scripting.
web application focused security engineer and researcher, focusing on penetration testing and writing better tools for security professionals. leading and mentoring penetration testing teams. masters in cissp.  specialties  web application security and testing, linux/unix security, cooking things with sous vide, breaking things, eating cookies, believing in aliens, programming things, and avoiding yard work.  and i am now a fully certified influencer.
- specialist on cloud infrastructure management (aws, ms azure, openstack) - specialist on process, platforms and administration of different devops stack (git, jira, confluence, tower, docker, etc.). - specialist on linux (rhel) - specialists in computer security methodologies (osstmm, owasp). - technical specialist on pen-testing and code analysis (sast and dast). - information security program development. - information security management systems (isms) design and implementation based on iso 27001 - it process and services development, design and analysis  certifications   aws security fundamentals az-300  microsoft azure architect technologies (2019) openstack mca100, linux academy certified ethical hacker (ceh), ec-council
i am a dedicated student at gateway community college with the year up program, earning my associate's degree in cyber security, and a aspiring hacker for red team operations. i hold my intro to cyber threat intelligence certification with the ability to identify and mitigate vulnerabilities and risk. i am passionate with the command line and am determined to raise awareness about threats and vulnerabilities associated with technology as it evolves.  i seek opportunities where i can learn new concepts and can apply myself efficiently. i have embarked on taking cybrary courses, learning python 2.7/3, and utilizing tryhackme and hackthebox to practice basic pentesting skills, to hopefully enter capture the flag competitions. i am in the process of building/configuring my own virtual machine black box environment  learning how each system prompts when remotely connecting, and breaking through windows os firewalls.  my goal is to become oscp certified and gain hands-on experience  using knowledge to move laterally for the protection of data and information.
experienced senior security consultant with a demonstrated history of penetration testing and security assessments for multiple clients covering multiple technologies such as trading potocols, authentication technologies, infrastructure ..etc. skilled in web, mobile, desktop application security, and exploit writing.   cves reported  cve-2019-19772 cve-2019-19773
a seasoned and knowledgeable professional with over 15 years of successful experience in a variety of information & communication technologies, and information security system administration and analysis that i have acquired during my work with private, international governmental and non-governmental agencies in the middle east, south east asia and in the united states. throughout my work, i have direct experience with penetration-testing, database design, ict and digital security training, programming, developing clients    cyber-security policies, incidence response and information security systems best practices to create secure computing environment. lastly, i possess excellent research and organizational skills along with the ability to interact effectively with diverse groups of clients and exercise leadership, a number of skills that have prepared me well for a career in the information technology and business management field.    technical expertise  programming languages                asp.net with c#, pl/sql oracle, c, c++, dhtml, html, foxpro, java, javascript, visual basic 6, vb script, prolog, xml.  software and os    ms windows servers, ms office, ms sharepoint services, ms access, sql server, oracle, kali linux, linux, nmap, nikto , tenable nessus , acunetix , qualys, nexpose, openvas, burp suite, vega, owasp zap, wireshark, tcpdump , password cracking tools , metasploit, wireless tools (hak5), acronis trueimage, cobian backup, pgp desktop , password management tools , and many smartphone security solutions.                                             additional technical skills    -penetration testing   -developing guidelines, manuals and policies   -knowledgeable in (nist) cyber-security framework, pci, and gdpr -security compliance &  network protocols -routers, hubs, and switches -proxies , vpn solutions and tor  -email and data encryption solutions -simulated spear phishing and social engineering -iso 17799 and iso 27001 best practices
experienced lead cybersecurity engineer & analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry and capable of translating that into layman's terms for leadership.   skilled in joint military operations and planning, arcgis, sailing, intelligence analysis, and military aviation. strong business development professional with a master of arts (m.a.) focused in military strategic intelligence from american military university and a great sense of humor and personal rapport as an encouraging team member!
experienced cyber security and information technology professional with a demonstrated history of working in the enterprise and consumer electronics industry. skilled in network administration, network security, computer programming, incident handling, penetration testing, computer forensics, os x, ios, customer service, and technical support.   skillful in employing large cyber operational forces to exercise their capabilities across the domain.
dedicated cyber security professional with experience in host and network forensic analysis, threat hunting, network and web application penetration testing, enterprise vulnerability assessments, purple-team engagements, and network engineering/design, implementation, and security. experience with encase enterprise, autopsy, sift workstation, volatility, mitre att&ck framework, burp suite professional, kali linux, metasploit, nessus, acunetix, cobalt strike, moloch, os query, graylog, and elasticsearch / logstash / kibana (elk stack).  current cybersecurity incident responder, digital forensic analyst, enterprise vulnerability assessor, and pentester/red-team member at afcert  active ts/sci w/ ci poly. prior network engineer responsible for two separate networks of 100+ nodes, /16 ip space.
developer | pentester | athlete.
i am currently a full time pentest/red team engineer. truly the best job in it!
reza zaveri, security+, a+, is a soc security analyst at alert logic. also, as a hobby, he loves to do pentesting on hack the box (htb) machines.  dynamic and motivated it professional with a proven record of generating and building relationships managing and executing complex projects from concept to completion. adaptable and transformational leader with an ability to work independently, creating effective reports, presentations, and developing opportunities that further establish organizational goals.
i am a graduate of the university of cincinnati, where i studied neuroscience and psychology with a minor in criminal justice. i worked for an institutional review board in regulatory pharmaceutical and medical device compliance, and led specialized committees targeting phase i research and emergency research. i moved to it consulting in 2018, and currently work as a security engineer in healthcare while pursuing graduate studies in advanced computer security at stanford. i continue to serve as a genetic scientist for nih-regulated recombinant genetic studies, and sit on advisory boards for cybrary and security blue team. i recently obtained my certified human trafficking investigator and expert in cyber investigation credentials through the mcafee institute, and work with various law enforcement groups and task forces in order to combat human trafficking through digital forensics and analysis. my area of expertise lies in gdpr/hipaa/regulatory compliance and medical device security.
experienced cyber security professional with five years of experience in web application pentesting, offensive security (red team), vulnerability assessment, and security operations.
learning more deeply is my passion in this life, especially in learning network and web application security.
i hold a ba in computer science (minor in mathematics) and an ms in computer science (specialization in computer and network security). i've worked in myriad security- and software development-focused positions, and have focused on iam, management consulting, and penetration testing. i've also founded keyqo (formerly healthheart), which develops decentralized hcit products based on blockchain technology.
mr. tyrone e. wilson is a passionate information security professional with 24 years of experience in information technology and has a mission to improve as many lives as possible through education in cybersecurity. wilson also has extensive knowledge in computer network defense, vulnerability assessments, cyber threat analysis, and incident response. as a former cybersecurity analyst for the united states army, wilson developed security structures to ensure american intelligence systems were protected from foreign threats. currently, wilson is the founder and president of cover6 solutions, llc  which teaches companies and professionals various aspects of information security, penetration testing, and ipv6.    wilson is also the organizer of the d.c. cyber security professionals. with over 7,500 members, it is the largest #cybersecurity meetup group in the united states. in addition, wilson is also on the review board of bsides nova and howard university and has recently presented and/or taught classes at major conferences and events such as bsidesnova 2020, bsidesnova 2019, bsidesdc 2018, isaca gwdc cybersecurity & risk conference, issa mid atlantic security conference, bsides nova 2017, bsides dc 2017, and dccyberweek 2017.  wilson was also a keynote speaker at the hacker halted 2019.
i have worked in information security since 2003, specifically with open source security tools and operating systems. my experience ranges from advanced system administration, to reverse engineering and threat detection at the host and network level. my degrees include a masters of science in information assurance from capitol college (now capitol technology university) where i have served as an adjunct professor.
currently working towards my offensive security certified expert (osce) certification.   offensive security certified professional (oscp)
python developer, certified ethical hacker pilot single engine land and drone  work and play well with others  introduction and relationship building a specialty.   system programmer, weened on assembly language with data general minicomputers in late 1970's. background in real time programming and embedded systems, custom device driver writing, network protocols, instrument buses and operating systems. client base has included aerospace, federal law enforcement, intelligence agency contractors and computer manufacturers.
tso  | my handle is t0g3thert1m3 - hackthebox, tryhackme, major leauge ctf  current study  blue team level 1 and c|eh  to advance my career with a leading organization that will utilize my extensive cyber security knowledge while also allowing me to develop further as a professional.  my skills       linux      wireshark     encase     autopsy     splunk
experienced information security specialist skilled in penetration testing, social engineering and cyber security. strong it security professional who thinks outside the box and then hacks into it.
ever curious and puzzle loving computer nerd seeking stable employment with your company. this can be mutually beneficial. i can provide a valuable service to your company that will help you grow in an increasingly competitive economy, and in addition to paying me a modest wage i get constantly exposed to new technology and problems to solve.  i have over 10 years experience in the industry. i work well with others and absorb the knowledge of my coworkers like a sponge in water.
an accomplished    it security engineer / penetration tester    with about 7 years of experience, specialized in managing security projects from concepts to completion with remarkable deadline sensitivity  worked in financial, insurance, hospitality industries, specialized in information technology assurance, web application security, secure coding, mobile application security, application security controls and validation, risk assessment, regulatory compliance and secure software development life cycle (securesdlc). comprehensive knowledge in executing network penetration tests, (internal and external networks), application security tests (black box, grey box) including mobile applications and thick clients, api testing, wireless penetration test, citrix breakout and configuration audit skilled in performing grey box and black box testing of the web applications.  proficient in performing static and dynamic analysis and security testing (sast and dast) for applications as per industry standards. experienced in the usage of pentest tools like burp suite professional, sqlmap, swf scanner, cenzic hailstorm, echo mirage, itr, qualys, nessus, nmap, nikto, kali linux, metasploit, password cracking using jtr, mimikatz and psexec  adept in the testing and analysis of benchmarking the application against industry standards such as pci dss, owasp and sans  supported the development team in addressing and integrate security in sdlc by following techniques like threat modeling, risk management, penetration testing, etc. functioned as information security analyst subject matter expert (sme) for a number of clients strong problem solving, and analytical skills combined with experience in network security working knowledge of payment card industry (pci), health insurance portability and accountability act (hipaa), sarbanes-oxley section404 (sox), federal financial institutions examination council's (ffiec) regulations, including owasp top 10 and sans top 25 software guidelines.
i am newbie pentester
i served 14 years in u.s. army i am a disabled veteran. my last assignment i was a unit supply specialist/ armorer i kept up with unit property book kept records.my passion is cyber security and music i  used to wrestle professionaly with promotions in the south. i like to connect as networking can open doors for each of us! i'm well versed in tools and power equipment and machines in the heavy industrial market. i also have taken fema course on how to react to active shooters and the geospatial information system specialist course. currently i'm retired at 44 yrs old and just enjoying life and playing guitar. if you want to jam contact me!
frank earned his cyber security degree at wgu and cyber risk management certificate at harvard extension. frank continues to expand his knowledge on technologies which focus in the tech industry   s. he is passionate about cyber forensic investigation and ethical hacking. he has advanced skills in systems networking and cloud computing.   frank is also mastering his skills in microsoft office 365 applications, where he has learned to create professional presentations and spreadsheets. frank not only likes to learn new concepts, but takes on new challenges which not many would confront.
from corporate engineering to full-time freelancing, i am your go-to career consultant for finding and securing your ideal career in cybersecurity. i have obtained over 5 years of experience in the corporate tech setting and i am now utilizing what i have learned to help others break into the field.   i am also on a journey to run my own penetration testing company to help small and large companies better secure their networks, applications, and devices. stay up to date with my progress by following my platforms below   
a professional focused on it security, with a specialty in infrastructure engineering and it management, has strong knowledge of cobit 2019, cobit is the internationally accepted framework as a good practice for the control of information, it and the risks they imply. cobit is used to implement it governance and improve it controls. jonatan has more than twelve (12) years of experience in the field of it, and is part of several national and international projects in the public and private sector. he has extensive experience in project planning and execution, computer audit and pen testing, preparation of policies, procedures and documentation to support decision making. he has a vast experience in the administration of windows and linux servers, strengthening security, virtualization, networks, ip telephony, active directory, wsus, cloud computing and defense in depth. he was part of the bacc caribbean savings and credit bank in the dominican republic, as director of the it department, managing the technological advances of the institution for 7 years. currently he moved to the united states, in search of new professional challenges, which boost his career, as an infrastructure engineer and related technologies.
veteran - father - husband - cybersecurity professional
** i'm open for new opportunities, but only full-time remote roles. thank you! **  application security engineer focused on penetration testing of applications and developing secure solutions to assist individuals and companies. experienced in web and mobile assessments, and always strives to further knowledge and personal growth. in my spare time i write fiction, travel, and do photography.
web developer - application penetration tester - security+ a+
principle pentester
provide strategy and roadmap to implement the right jira solution implement ci/cd project and define coding best practices create a devsecops practice application development lifecycle / sdlc security researcher on hidden attack vectors wireless security attacks android and ios exploitation attack dynamic & static analysis of android apps and ios apps skills in exploit development metasploit framework build exploits modules- explore features of mona.py with immunity debugger wordpress hacking & security measures write working exploits advanced exploitation techniques exploiting the top 10 owasp vulnerabilities software security testing buffer overflows vulnerability testing web application penetration testing php scripts, python and java wireless and mitm attack networking penetration testing hacking forensics investigator
andrew is a highly motivated and talented, experienced pentester, who has taken his skills and passion for networking and security to network defense/design and finally to education. as a passionate teacher, he has shown a talent for helping others learn, understand, and grow. he is a certified it professional that has experience with networking and security engineering as well as systems administration. some of his expertise includes information security, routing and switching, scripting for windows and linux, and mdm support. he is comfortable working with it and non-it team members alike, and has a gift for clear and concise communication.   certifications  - ccna routing and switching  - palo alto ace (accredited configuration engineer) - version 8.1  education  - masters of cybersecurity and leadership (august 2020) - bachelor of applied science     network administration and security (march 2019) - associate of applied technology    microsoft technology (december 2017) - aat     network technology (december 2017) - aat     cisco network technology (march 2018)  technical skills  - network security - firewalls (paloalto, pfsense, endian, sox, iptables, ciscoasa,) - proxies and vpn tunnels - acls - endpoint hardening - active directory/group policy - ldap - dns/dhcp - cloud and virtualization - azure/hyper-v - vsphere/vmware - aws - emc - penetration testing  - on premises and remote  - highly skilled at social engineering - network vulnerability analysis - information security auditing - netflow - pcap/log analysis - cisco - routing/switching/layer-3 switches - security    ips/ids - linux administration  - windows server 2008/2008r2/2012r2/2016 - scripting  powershell, bash, some python  - exposure to chef and puppet  soft skills   - reliable and accountable  - excellent communication skills - ability to translate technical details into simple terminology - strong work ethic - can work independently as well as part of a team - highly motivated to learn
cat excels at and enjoys thinking like the attackers to assist organizations in finding creative solutions that  align business development goals with security to truly create a culture of security that aligns with business goals. she has an in-depth background in information security consulting including security department assessments, social-engineering, penetration testing, phishing program management, asset security review, and technically focused on red teaming.  furthermore, cat has an extensive background in training and speaking. she is currently undertaking risk management consulting projects and investigative opportunities, security awareness speaking opportunities, and information security writing opportunities and studying for the certified information security systems professional (cissp) exam through (isc)2.
year of initiation   2002  type of business or sectors   security, educational, stomatology, electronic commerce, telephony, facebook applications, and mobile  occupation or position held   security/network/desktop/web application programmer, projects manager, software solutions designer and programmer.  main activities and responsibilities   c#, java, javascript, ruby, python and php programmer, software engineering, projects manager.   countries of costumers   canada, colombia, cuba, ecuador, usa  i graduated in computer science in july 2010. with an average to 4,2/5. i worked in different languages (c#, java, javascript, ruby, python, php, perl, etc.). i worked with different cvs (git, mercurial, svn) and dbgs (msql, mysql, postgressql, apache derby) and more.  i worked for almost 4 years a communication company using java-like main language. we created frameworks and many applications, like crm, website, mobile application, integration with different providers, etc.  i have an open source project on github about #bugbounty and #pentesting  i have knowledge about security and how to do programming safety to mitigate sqli, xss, csrf, buffer overflow, null referent, etc. very useful and important when you are working on web, mobile or desktop applications.
enjoy problem solving and helping people get through issues even without knowing anything on the subject. working on tools to help automate the mundane things to free up time so we can explore our creativity.  i love mentoring. hit me up if you're diving into programming, finished a coding bootcamp, or just need help coming up with a project.
over 19 years of professional experience in it with 15 years in penetration testing. former owasp houston chapter leader and currently on the owasp trainers database and has been quoted for expertise in the field, after the target breach.. worked as an enterprise secure software development team leader, enterprise security engineer, team leader penetration testing (web and infrastructure), security researcher, and systems integrator.  conducted blackbox and whitebox network and web application penetration testing of banking institutions, government sector, smb companies, law enforcement, and department of defense websites.
a certified information systems security professional (cissp) capable of analyzing long-term strategies, security models, vulnerabilities, controls, and startup requirements. able to deal with ambiguous data and interpersonal relationships to lead the team into new security solutions. demonstrated competence integrating ethical creativity with servant leadership skills sensitive to in stakeholders across departments and functions, as well as external stakeholders comprised of competing interest groups. a multi-certified hands-on security manager with concrete experience in distributed leadership for teams designing, implementing, managing unified voice/data communication networks using a variety of security hardware platforms, operating systems, network components, and infrastructure. excellent people skills ranging from authentic dialogue to interactive use of the learning organization as a means for empowering and supporting collaboration to secure the organization. expert in project management, security, including evaluating, budgeting, cost-reduction, designing emerging technologies in the data center with security network operation, leading projects in the integration of security with disparate systems, planning large-scale network roll-outs, and managing daily operations. track record of being able to stay ahead of the change curve. proven    hands-on    ability to lead, audit, correct seamless implementations, and deliver next-generation security solutions improving revenues, margins, and workplace productivity.  specialties  certifications  cissp, mcse, network+,security+,bsac, accessdata certified examiner (ace), national security agency (nsa) certifications 4011-4016, ccna recertification in progress, graduate certificate in cybersecurity from from university of dallas, in dallas, tx which is only one of seven universities in the world designated by the nsa and the dhs to meet all six nstissi/ cnss standards 4011, 4012, 4013, 4014, 4015 and 4016.
experienced fixer  with a demonstrated history of working in the security industry as a manager and advisor to the c-suite with a background in penetration testing, architecture and engineering. skilled in bridging the gaps between the c-suite, middle management down to the administrator level. extensive proficiency in large corporate environments, data centers, pci, owasp, nist and sans standards. certified cissp, gpen, ethical hacking and graduated from navy electronic submarine school, groton, ct., excelsior college and uc santa cruz. expertise in multiple verticals such as military, dod/government contracting, financial, pharmaceuticals and leisure.
experienced penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry.  skilled in planing penetration tests, finding infrastructure vulnerabilities, risk assessment, system hardening win/linux/ios, multi-tasking, remediation planing, brute forcing, exploitation.  there are many things in technology that amaze people, i want to know each and every idea, thought, scenario, test case, variation, function that world have to offer. i can't guarantee to remember all i see, but if i feel it i will never let it out of my thoughts. interested and excited about cloud security, k8s and iot.
steven has over 5 years of experience designing and engineering full-stack platform solutions ranging from high-performance private sector applications serving over 2 million users to precision applications for uas and airships systems. he is also familiar with red team environments simulating adversarial attacks against a large number of assets, both as a tool developer and operator. steven's wide range of experience and deep understanding aids in achieving critical milestones contributing to mission success.
chris has over 18 years of experience in the information technology industry, with an expertise and focus on offensive security.  well-equipped to hunt and expose vulnerabilities, chris effectively wields an arsenal of evolving tactics and techniques.  with this tradecraft, his clients gain valuable insight into real world threats along with actionable advice to strengthen their security posture.  currently, chris works at impact venture group, inc. as a red team operator.  based in new york and new zealand, he provides offensive security services (red team | penetration testing) to clients in the northern and southern hemispheres.   chris also served as director of information technology at a major real estate association where he provided it strategic planning and leadership for the organization.  he successfully led the transition of the multiple listing service (mls) database system serving 14 counties to next generation technology which provided service to over 450 offices and 3,000+ real estate professionals. he designed, implemented and managed a complex computing environment that required effective security controls to protect sensitive information while providing 24/7 access for the staff and members. chris also was responsible for the development of the region's leading real estate website, homesteadnet.com, as well as its relationship with realtor.com which was at the forefront of real estate listings on the national stage.         chris's credentials include offensive security certified professional (oscp), elearnsecutiy web application penetration tester (ewpt), giac security essentials certification (gsec), microsoft certified systems engineer (mcse), cisco certified network associate (ccna), comptia network+.
specialties  penetration testing / red teaming, vulnerability research, reverse engineering, and exploit development  security focuses  analyzing technology, assessing the effectiveness of processes, and verifying physical security controls of buildings/places  current research  offensive tradecraft  i enjoy cognitive challenges, i'm quick to adapt to new environments and technologies, and i understand the power of collaboration.
gwapt  from very early in life i've known what i was meant to do  help solve challenging problems in order to help move us all forward.  i have always been analytical and calculated, seeking out as much information as i can before taking appropriate action in order to gain the most from every situation. i believe this to be an important trait, since i enjoy taking on the challenges of my employers as my own. when i feel truly connected to my role, the paycheck is only a secondary perk.
martin guidry connects people to information.  by building software with tools like sharepoint and sql server, he transforms overwhelming data into usable information. martin has over 3500 hours of classroom teaching experience, and as a subject matter expert, he is recognized as an authority on topics like c# and asp.net. he has passed 49 microsoft certification exams, prompting microsoft to hire him to write questions for future exams. a native of carencro, louisiana, martin earned a bachelor   s degree from university of louisiana and continued there for graduate work in computer science. martin has done freelance consulting since 1997, mostly in software development and database design.  specialties  c#  vb.net  t-sql  javascript  sql server  sharepoint  training  consulting  asp.net  sql  xml  mct  mcitp  mcts
passionate about all things it.  punctual, driven, and always learning with the continuous advancement of technology.
over 20 years in depth cybersecurity experience ranging from technical level application code vulnerability analysis to the development of high-level national cyber security policy.  extensive experience in penetration testing, risk assessment, intrusion detection, vulnerability scanning, remediation testing, development of security plans & policy, disaster recovery plans, plan of action & milestones.  experienced in cloud application security and numerous defense dept and civil cyber security standards and certification & accreditation methodologies , including owasp, fedramp, nist 800-53, diacap, ditscap, hipaa, pci and the nist risk management framework skilled in a wide range of security testing tools  (e.g. zaproxy, webinspect, nessus, retina, golismero, metasploit, dotdotpwn, maltego, sqlmap, sqlninja, aircrack, burpsuite, nikto, dirbuster, armitage, wireshark, cisco-auditing-tool, john the ripper).
established information security professional with well-rounded it experience in information security, secure software development, and network engineering. reputable and well respected for technical proficiency in security, strong communication skills, and the ability to think outside the box. passionate about information security and actively involved in the security community.   achievements include       saved the cabinet for health and family services (chfs) close to $5 million through the exposure of critical vulnerabilities in third party software and contract reversals     produced public advisories (cves) on zero-day vulnerabilities that include cve-2018-9113, cve-2018-8974, and cve-2017-14702     presented oral briefings to over 80 software developers on best coding practices as well as continuous training on security awareness
focus on  red team, ethical hacking, penetration testing, cybersecurity speaking & training, team development  recruitment offers  i appreciate interest from recruiters, but am currently not looking for an employment change, and have difficulty keeping up with messages here. if you do not receive a reply, know that i do thank you for the interest, and will pass on your contact info and offer details to any colleagues of mine looking for your described position.
cybersecurity, this is the subject i live and breathe each and every day. cyberthreats continue to mount against organizations small and large! sophisticated new cyber attacks seem to show up in the news daily. at appalachia technologies we understand these threats intimately and make it our priority to stop them. we provide managed cybersecurity services and red team penetration testing exercises to pinpoint weaknesses in your organization before the bad guys do! if you care about your business and worry about the current cyber threats that it faces, reach out to us for a free consultation and see how we can help defend your organization today!  i currently lead the cyber security practice at appalachia technologies which includes everything from penetration testing services and red team exercises to managed cyber security.   i hold a master   s degree in cyber security and information assurance from western governor's university and a bs degree from central penn college in it with a concentration in applications development. i also hold numerous industry certifications! i am currently going back to western governor's university for an mba in it management.  i am active in the cyber security community and often volunteer to lead meetup groups and give presentations related to cyber security at various related conferences and events such as bsides, security summits, and other related events. for a calendar of upcoming events, simply reach out.  i am an avid python developer working on various cyber-security open source projects. i am always open to being a guest speaker on a podcast or virtual event. please reach out to inquire.
systems security professional with a background of over eighteen years of extensive it infrastructure and sixteen years of web application and network security experience.  a proven track record of providing network and web application solutions in diverse environments. dedication to the protection of information and information systems.
i'm a security engineer.  in past lives i've developed web sites (php,sql). i write music, i play music (keys).  specialties  cissp, ceh, infosec piano chops in classical, rock, jazz, and latin salsa.
i am a cyber security undergraduate student at city college of san francisco, planning to transfer to csusb for major in cyber security. self-studied in penetration tester and keep training myself in ctf (hackthebox and hacker101) with my student life.
cybersecurity enthusiast offering an extensive technical background and a thorough knowledge of dod platforms and technologies. established a performance record supporting a wide variety of government and international activities as a division leader and technical lead on a dod red team. specializes in full-scope penetration testing and adversarial emulation during developmental and operational testing phases.  ---------------------------------------------------------- oscp, cissp, ceh, chfi, sec+, linux +, lpic-1, suse cla, mcp ---------------------------------------------------------- dod 8570 iat/iam level iii compliant
- please send me a note if you are connecting. - i am currently not open to new employment opportunities at this time. - i do not accept invites from random people who are loosely associated with my field of interest. - i will have conversations with *direct company recruiters* whom have targeted their outreach to my specific skills, network, and experience. not just skim my profile. - i will have conversations with *salespeople* if they find a mutual introduction to me.                                                                         whoami   i am an information security professional and security researcher specializing in application security with 20+ years in the it industry. able to work in small business to enterprise sized environments.   specialties   web application security / it security / penetration testing automation pci practices and standards. vulnerability scanning and management.  vp\executive level support.
as a sr. red team penetration tester and forensic examiner specializing in government, military, and commercial systems.  i have helped develop several forensic labs with multiple governments and red teams within the dod.  i also have experience building cyber ranges and have released a portable cyber range for use in training red/blue/purple team simulations.  i teach ethical hacking/application security/forensics for organizations such as infosec institute, information warfare center, and the us gov't.  i also sit on the advisory boards for the business espionage controls and counter measures organization and netsecurity.  current certifications include the  cissp-issmp/issap nsa-iam/iem cei-chfi/ceh/cnda/ecsa/lpt cept/cpt/cass/cdrp/cssa/crea chs-iii ciw professional network+/a+/security+/cysa+/pentest+/linux+ lpic-1  specialties  ethical hacking, red team penetration testing, computer forensics, cyber warfare, reverse engineering.
i have over 8 years of experience working in information technologies.  my previous position was a senior security engineer for nguard, a cyber security consulting firm.    certifications  osce, oscp, oswp, sec+
15+ years of experience in the field of information security with a specialization in application penetration testing. i also specialize in information retrieval and disaster recovery. as seen on the following media outlets below 
certified information systems security professional,  federal information technology security professional-a,  certified secure software lifecycle professional,  certified ethical hacker & countermeasures,  ec-council certified security analyst,  certified network defense architect,  licensed penetration tester,   certified penetration tester,  qualified ethical hacker,  certified xacta ia manager administrator.  specialties  certified information systems security professional,  federal information technology security professional-a,  certified secure software lifecycle professional,  certified ethical hacker & countermeasures,  ec-council certified security analyst,  certified network defense architect,  licensed penetration tester,   certified penetration tester,  qualified ethical hacker,  certified xacta ia manager administrator.
interested in penetration testing and reverse engineering.
    perform vulnerability assessment of variety of web applications and web services.     performed static code analysis by using the automated tool hp fortify and ssc.     worked on the dom xss by analyzing the javascript.     perform active and passive scan using tool burp suite and zap proxy.     perform manual dynamic assessment on an application by intercepting burp suite and using security testing methodology such as owasp testing guide and nist sp 800-115.     use git merge and alm test cases to identify potential new targets to focus on during manual testing.     identified issues on sessions management, input validations, output encoding, logging, exceptions, cookie attributes, encryption, privilege escalations.     performed vulnerability assessment as part of the initial authorization assessment for all systems pursuing a moderate or high fisma authorization.     generated automated report by using hp webinspect. perform analysis on report to exploit the potential vulnerabilities.     perform analysis on third-party libraries like dependency check jobs, using aws jenkins and nexus iq server.     code analysis tool to perform security assessments to discover owasp top 10 vulnerabilities such as xss, csrf and sql injection.     developed proof-of-concept exploits that allowed the business to understand the risk, resulting in speedy remediation.     perform network scanning using tools nmap and nessus.     involve actively in the release management process to ensure all the changes of the application had undergone security assessment.     performed risk assessment of the vulnerabilities based on cms risk calculator.     ensure the issues identified are reported as per the cms reporting standards.     provide remediation steps to the team and follow up.     retest the fixed issues and ensure the closure.     used splunk to test sensitive data leakage such as pii, session ids, and endpoints.     hands on experience in planning and migration of fortify sca and ssc from dxc datacenter to aws.
living in the denver area. experienced penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information security sector, qstm, gxpn, grem, osce, oscp and oswp.
experienced in managing technological projects, presented at various cybersecurity conferences, currently working on new research in cybersecurity and quantitative finance. a frequent speaker at cybersecurity conferences such as blackhat, codeblue, sec-t, confidence, and more.
comp tia security +, net +, a+, kali linux, nirsoft-sysinternals, parrot os, spiderfoot
ceo and founder of computer & wireless services in chicago, and it professional & legal expert.
i am an information security engineer, certified ethical hacker, systems architect, and software developer with over 20 years of experience designing, developing, implementing, securing, and managing complex technical projects and teams from initial concept through sunset. i have demonstrated an ability to deliver high quality, secure solutions across a diverse range of industries and technologies. my passion for ensuring secure software development lifecycles and systems provides my clients and employers with a roadmap for success, and confidence in their risk identification and mitigation strategies.
experienced founder with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in vulnerability scanning, penetration testing, documentation, software installation, ethical hacking, and customer service. strong business development professional with an as focused in cyber and network security from ecpi university.
web application penetration tester with a background in  automation testing . in addition to authoring automation and manual test cases for a variety of testing has also been responsible for process improvement . proficient in handling multiple projects at the same time and has been recognized as a strong performer under pressure. specialties   -       webapp penetration testing using owasp top 10 , burp ,zap , nmap and other tools - thirteen years of hands-on automation testing experience. - solid understanding of automation framework working on soapui , selenium and silk test. - leadership experience in working closely with the customer and the user community understanding business requirements and coordinating project activities, preparing software specifications. - worked extensively on application development using java.
experienced information security advisor with a demonstrated history of working in all consumer goods industies. skilled in penetration testing, red teaming, vulnerability management, application security (dast, sast, iast, rasp), cloud security and cloud compliance. strong interpersonal skills combined with information security and vulnerability remediation.
an enthusiastic go-getter that always brings the spice to the cybersecurity party. with over a decade of professional experience in a wide range of it security roles, he got his start defending and testing networks as a sailor in the us navy before transitioning to leading the vulnerability management program for the saas branch of a fortune 500 company. lately he   s been cutting his teeth leading offensive security teams in the trenches, executing penetration tests and red team engagements alongside his teammates for commercial and government clients.  nolan and his talented team members have been publicly credited for discovering the following security bugs   -  cve-2020-8496  stored xss in kronos web time and attendance (webta) version 4.1.x - 5.0. -  cve-2020-8495  remote privilege escalation (2) in kronos web time and attendance (webta) version 3.8.x - 4.0. -  cve-2020-8494  remote privilege escalation in kronos web time and attendance (webta) version 3.8.x - 4.0. -  cve-2020-8493  stored xss in kronos web time and attendance (webta) version 3.8.x - 4.0. -  cve-2019-19616  idor in xtivia webte for microsoft dynamics nav before 2017 -  cve-2019-10716  information disclosure issue in verodin director before version 3.5.4.0 -  cve-2019-10715  stored xss in verodin director before version 3.5.3.1 -  cve-2019-8997  xxe in blackberry athoc 7.6 management system -  cve-2019-5398  hpe 3par service processor prior to 5.0.5.1 is vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting (xss). -  cve-2019-5396  hpe 3par service processor prior to 5.0.5.1 is vulnerable to remote authentication bypass.
well-regarded offensive security engineer with extensive experience in penetration testing and apt simulation.
experienced cybersecurity professional with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. skilled in research, python, social engineering, and cybersecurity education. strong research professional with a a master's degree in it (cybersecurity) and bachelor of science from brigham young university (byu).
cyber security researcher | ccna r&s | microsoft technology associate
cissp | oscp | cehv10 | ccna | sec+ | ts/sci i love diving into deep technical challenges and developing lasting solutions. this passion carried me through a rewarding career in the u.s. navy, which gave me the opportunity to work with a multitude of talented people and a broad spectrum of cutting-edge information and electronic systems. i currently work as a penetration tester, supporting multiple engagements across the department of defense.
mari is the ceo and a founding board member for the women's society of cyberjutsu (wsc), one of the fastest growing 501c3 non-profit cybersecurity communities dedicated to bringing more women and girls to cyber.  wsc provides its members with the resources and support required to enter and advance as a cybersecurity professional. mari began her cyber career with accenture where she excelled as a network engineer.  mari is also the inaugural isc2 diversity award winner for 2019. with over 10 years of information technology, 8 of which are in cybersecurity, her experience spans network design and security architecture, risk assessments, vulnerability management, incident response and policy development across government and commercial industries. she holds a variety of technical and management certifications (cissp, giac, ccna, etc) as well as a bachelor   s degree in computer information systems from columbus state university and a master of science in information systems from strayer university. mari is currently a resident of las vegas working to secure the gaming industry of the south west as a sr. security architect. she regularly contributes content to security blogs and training companies across the country as well as an adjunct professor for umuc. outside of being a geek, mari enjoys arts, puzzles, and legos!  marigalloway mostlymimi.com  certifications and education  msis | cissp | gwapt | gsec | gmon | gcih | gpen | gcfe | ceh | cysa+ | pentest+ | it project+ | security+ | ccna | ccna security  core competencies  information systems project management and architecture  vulnerability management and penetration testing  cyber security operations, cyber security administration, cyber security operations management, network design
i am always inclined to further my education and physical physique. as of this year, i qualified for nationals for the sprint triathlon. my competitiveness in sports have transpired to my academics and due to this drive, i have placed top 10 in the fall 2017 cuny hackathon for web development.  my passion is cyber security and currently  im practicing for the oscp  certificates  ceh proficient in   c++, c, java script, html, css, python 2 and 3, and php.  tools  burpsuite, nmap, dirbuster, nikto, nslookup, dnsrecon, nessus. etc
sr. penetration tester with 5+ years of professional penetration testing and vulnerability assessment. i have previously worked as a security analyst, penetration tester, security engineer, co-location technician, and a security researcher.
i have over 20 years of experience in the it and cybersecurity fields with a focus on securing applications on the web and in the cloud. i have degrees in computer information science and information assurance/cyber seurity and ceh, compmtia security+ and sans gced certifications. i am passionate about the field of cybersecurity and would like to mentor aspiring cybersecurity professionals. i enjoy learning and am working on additional certifications such as oscp.
i will go above and beyond your expectations! under promise and over deliver! working hard everyday to achieve large goals.  i am working with various teams of individuals on multiple projects.  have strong experience within the start up space. have spent a lot of time getting projects off of the ground and into the real world. i invest my time and resources on which endeavor i find has the most potential for return and growth. open to any type of venture. with ability to provide capital and resources. let me hear your ideas to see if they're something worth taking to the next level.   message on linkedin for inquiry's
i have 23+ years of experience in it in small, medium, and enterprise organizations.  i am passionate about it security, and enjoy securing the internal and external infrastructure of organizations.  i have led several successful penetration testing engagements for clients in government, utilities, health care, and manufacturing industries, among others.  i hold or have held the following certifications   cissp, mcse+i, mcse, mcse  security, mcdba, ccna, cysa+, security+  discoverer  cve-2008-0662.   specialties  pci, security, vulnerability scanning, penetration testing, microsoft, active directory, nessus, retina, webinspect, networking, tcp/ip, dns, dhcp, wins, exchange, network administration
i'm an information security professional that enjoys building and breaking things. i blog about security at  , and write a lot of security tools, a
author  cybersecurity for executives in the age of cloud  dm or schedule a call for paid consulting services   for other requests a private message and i will answer as soon as i can.  authored and teach a class through 2nd sight lab as principal instructor. formerly taught sans cloud security class and cloud curriculum advisory board. original capital one cloud team. aws hero. gse, gsec, gcih, gcia, gpen, gccc, grem, gcpn, gxpn. member of the ians faculty. infragard.  speak and train internationally at events like rsa, owasp, aws re invent, re inforce, serverlessdays, bsides, countermeasure, and ians security forums.  twitter   teriradichel original security content only   2ndsightlab
summary  jesse kurrus is a cybersecurity expert with a breadth and depth of knowledge, professional experience, and top of the line credentials directly related to his field of expertise. professional strengths include penetration testing, ethical hacking, security analysis, intrusion detection, training, and technical writing. jesse has a true passion for cybersecurity and information technology, and an insatiable ambition to further his knowledge and professional skill set.  specialties  penetration testing (kali linux, burpsuite, nmap, metasploit, etc)  vulnerability scanning (nessus, acunetix, nikto, etc)  scripting (python, perl, bash)  intrusion detection / network security monitoring (security onion, snort, bro, and suricata)  siem technology (elasticsearch, logstash, kibana (elk), arcsight, and splunk)  pcap analysis (tcpdump, wireshark, networkminer, netwitness/security analytics).  current degrees/certifications   m.s. in information technology with information assurance specialization / b.s. in computer networks and security / network+, a+, security+, linux+, certified ethical hacker (ceh), offensive security certified professional (oscp), certified information systems security professional (cissp), elearnsecurity web application penetration tester (ewpt)  security clearance  active ts sci  future goals  osce, oswe, phd  e-mail for business inquiries  kurruscyberlabs gmail.com
cybersecurity  | web application | bug bounty hunter | hackerone | osint  | google hacking  | risk assessments | nist | consulting | security awareness | training | project management | leadership  operating systems | languages | technologies | security & compliance     operating systems  windows, macos, linux     technologies  burp, dnsrecon, theharvester and other open source tools     computer languages  sql, javascript, python     security & compliance  knowledge of owasp top 10, nist 800-53, nist 800-171, section 508 compliance  accomplishments     performed penetration testing techniques through bug bounty programs such as hackerone     created 20+ recommendations for 10+ applications using owasp such as html encoding and input validation     provided metrics on applications on-boarded through the ci/cd process     performed osint research while using various open source tools to discover detailed information about the target     effectively used nist 800-53 to recommend policies and procedures in the workplace      created a port scanner using python code to scan multiple tcp/ip ports     created data visualizations using splunk data     understanding in threat intelligence tools using snort           effectively analyzed pcap files for consistent patterns and in-depth analysis for any suspicious activity using wireshark and security onion     organized and lead weekly comptia security+ review course     created user awareness training on topics such as social engineering techniques & best practices      recognized by supervisors as diligent and creative with exceptional leadership skills          researched on energy infrastructure and energy data from various sources such as u.s. doe          recognized by supervisors as diligent and creative with exceptional leadership skills          president of student association with established team and relationship building skills   key skills     exploit and recommend against identified vulnerabilities     risk assessments to ensure security standards are met     object oriented programming     open source intelligence     knowledge of nist 800-53 and 171  certifications     comptia security +             splunk core certified user             application security technical certification           practical ethical hacking     the complete course
highly motivated individual with a passion for infosec. qualifications include a bachelor's degree in information assurance, completion of the oscp certification, and experience leading penetration test engagements for clients across many industries. has excellent communication skills and is able to translate highly technical information to other audiences.
security engineer and educator who has been working in engineering, security, and information technology for 10 years. specializations in penetration testing, threat and adversarial assessments, vulnerability management, cloud technology (aws), and experience as a technical educator and university level professor.  certifications include  offensive security certified professional (oscp)  security + ce  pentest + ce  cvnp  certified ethical hacker (ceh) certified ethical hacker (practical) certified ethical hacker (master)  junior penetration tester (ejpt)  
cyber threat intelligence analyst specializing in intrusion detection/cyber threat hunting, penetration testing and ctf enthusiast with security operation center experience. currently possess a top security clearance and dod 8570 iat level iii certified.
reginald is an information security professional with a mixture of experience in the public and private sectors, including several fortune 100 companies. he has earned multiple practical-based offensive security certifications and a master   s degree in information security and assurance. he is a member of the giac advisory board, owasp foundation, and infragard.  he has given back to the information security community by personally discovering unknown vulnerabilities in numerous products, and he has assisted organizations with vulnerability remediation. he maintains a personal blog at doddsecurity.com  reginald leads or participates in most offensive security related activities such as       penetration testing      red teaming      application security      purple teaming     vulnerability research
my goal is to use my skills and knowledge to bring value to the workplace, striving to better myself and learn more from those around me.  i have an extraverted personality with myers & briggs classification as an estj/entj. as an eagle scout, i lead by example, pursuing goals by working with others.  current concentrations   vehicle security -     + head unit attacks     + unified diagnostic services testing (uds) over canbus     + tunneling tcp over canbus     + remote attack vectors (e.g. wi-fi, lte, bluetooth, gps, rf/keyfob, etc.)     + physical attack vectors (e.g. obd-ii, head unit access, etc.)  programming and scripting experience -  python, c++, bash, html, javascript, and css  penetration testing -     + network based penetration testing attacks     + vlan hopping     + man-in-the-middle attacks     + crypto attacks  web application penetration testing -     + participating in public bug bounty programs hosted on hackerone and bugcrowd     + participating in private bug bounty programs (hack the pentagon, hack the airforce, synack, etc.)     + responsible disclosure for vulnerabilities found     + concentrating on out of band data exfiltration methods such as dns exfiltration     + coauthor of the  collabfiltrator  burp suite plugin for dns exfiltration    debugging/exploit development -     + working with ida pro, windbg, immunity debugger, gdb, mona.py, pattern_create/pattern_offset     + building rop chains/repairing rop gadgets, bypassing aslr, dep, and stack canaries     + fuzzing applications with afl and other fuzzing frameworks     + stack based buffer overflows     + heap based buffer overflows with concentration on use-after-free bugs
penetration tester with over 22 years of information technology and information security experience. specialities include application security, penetration testing, ethical hacking, security vulnerability assessments, threat and vulnerability management.   experience performing the following types of penetration tests      application penetration tests including web, mobile and thick client     network penetration tests including external, internal and wireless     social engineering assessments including pretext calling and spear phishing
daniel has two years of combined experience in information technology systems for a government entity and private industry. his special expertise is the areas of cybersecurity assessment mainly focusing on penetration testing. his experience includes conducting various type of external and internal vulnerability assessment, external and internal network penetration testing, web application testing, social engineering, and network device configuration reviews.
experienced information technology support specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and information security industry. skilled in network security, penetration testing and vulnerability assessments, computer repair, technical support, customer relationship management (crm), operational planning, and enterprise level it infrastructure. strong information technology professional with a bachelor's degree in network security and administration. currently focusing on the infosec/cyber security area of it. oscp certified, oswp certified, csis certified, elearnsecurity web application penetration tester certified (ewpt) and a former u.s. army infantryman.
red hat linux 5,6,7,8 oracle linux 6 vmware vsphere  install, configure, manage kali linux finding approved bug bounties  specialties  red hat, oracle linux, vmware, splunk and ansible building linux servers using chef build script. working with vendors in finding high and low impacting vulnerabilities. kali linux tools such as sqlmap, vega, w3af, zap, droopescan and other tools in finding vulnerable bugs.
information security enthusiast employed as a penetration tester & security consultant. founder / organizer of a once-a-month meetup in charlotte, nc to teach and learn offensive security skills, as well as emphasize on maintaining an ethical stance in the field. oscp, ewpt, ejpt, and security+ certified, as well as currently holding a secret clearance. graduated with b.s. information technology from towson university. former infantry marine, honorably discharged after 4 years, ultimately with the rank as sergeant.
remote work (  5% travel), virtual office, independent consulting/project-based  penetration testing, security assessment, web apps, ethical hacking, etc.  example disclosures      google  gf  exploits  2018     ~10,000 international banks vulnerable (fiserv, et al.)  2017     fireeye 0days  2015     apple security hall of fame  2015     us congressional testimony on obamacare it security (coveredca)  2014     consultant for tv with semi-realistic hacker sequences  hollywood, ca  2014     guest speaker  france  2013     google security hall of fame  2012     guest speaker in asian universities  nctu, ntu, and nchc  taiwan  2010     microsoft ssl vpn (uag) 0day  2009     scale 7x speaker  los angeles, ca  2009     linux journal magazine advisory panel (pg. 6 in any 2008/9 issue)     ubuntu conference speaker  portland, or  2007     bugwhack hacking competition, poly.edu  brooklyn, ny  2006 (top prize)  specialties  information security, vulnerability assessment, penetration testing, reverse engineering, exploit development, protocol analysis, intellectual property identification (source/binary), virtualization technologies, linux and open source technologies, technical writing...
penetration tester, malware analyst, vulnerability analyst, linux system admin, network security, incident responder, digital forensic. favorite languages are  python, bash, c++, sql. kvm + qemu enthusiast. ex sponsored bmx rider.
i am a senior member of the microsoft corporate red team and the author of the book  pentesting azure applications  from no starch press.   specialties  infosec, penetration testing, red teaming, windows client and server, azure, cloud computing, cloud security, lock picking, physical security, badge access control systems, reverse engineering, code reviews, sql, c#, threat modeling, user- and kernel-mode development and debugging.   key certifications  gpen, gwapt, mcse, mcitp
learning and teaching cybersecurity one step at a time. areas of interest  penetration testing, industrial control systems, application security, digital forensics, and threat intelligence.  disclaimer  opinions i have on this app/website are my own.
experienced senior security consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the computer security industry. skilled in information security, penetration testing, linux, and aws cloud. strong information technology professional with a passion to help companies be secure.
***
if you don't know us already..... then you probably should attend a security conference!   at peoplesec, it is our mission to make significant & meaningful improvements in cybersecurity.  the founders' roots are in both red teaming & in higher education. over the years they realized that in order to make a real difference, the main vulnerability(employees) must be addressed.  and so our renowned offensive security and educational professionals developed peoplesec's revolutionary training program.         peoplesec's elite group of motivated, and able subject matter experts are based in the united states & canada. within our group, we have 41 years of experience in offensive and defensive cyber security. we are identifying    best of breed    benchmark services in other industries and applying them to cyber security. we hold certifications and designations in osce, oscp, oswp, mcse, m.s. information assurance, ccnp, ccdp, ccsp, a+, network+, ceh, linux +, cnap, cpanel l2, mba strategy, and pmp, all of which are fancy acronyms for    we know what we are doing   . 
i am a infosec professional with 9+ years of work experience and master   s degree in information assurance. strong work experience of web-application security - web application vulnerability assessments, network security, and penetration testing. ability to conduct penetration testing for well-known technologies and known security flaw concepts. good knowledge on siem & data analytics driven security tools like splunk es. hands on experience in offensive and defensive part of is team. strong at managing clients requests, and helping them with establishing security governance, in adherence with business governance.
as a passionate technology and security professional, i found myself tackling problems of all scale form the smb market/pos systems to the department of defense and the worlds largest medial software solution. i take pride in the fact that no matter what business objective/issue i been tasked to resolve  i have always been able to provide the leadership needed to not only be successful but strike a balance between security/best practices and the objectives of the business.
phillip bosco has been working in the information security industry for over a decade through his service as a cyber marine in the united states marine corps, his work for various three-letter government agencies, and his time working alongside some of the top cyber security consulting companies in the world.   with this experience, phillip has conducted 1,000s of penetration tests across government and fortune 500/100/50 clients, resulting in real-world & practical experience seldom found elsewhere.  after working in cyber security for well over a decade, the founder and lead tester at security illusion (phillip bosco), wanted to approach cyber security differently. through highly-customizable & personalized assessments, security illusion stands out from the rest by focusing heavily on the quality of our assessments and relationships over sheer quantity.  security illusion firmly believes in cultivating an environment where knowledge and education thrive in order to better empower and equip our clients in tackling future threats more effectively on their own. we provide our clients with specialized report deliverables, follow-ups, and validation testing to ensure that any security issues found can be quickly and intelligently remediated.  when you become a client with security illusion, you aren't just our client for the duration of the assessment -- we have your back and will support you through all of your remediation efforts and challenges you might face along the way.
more than 20 years of proven track record in the it security.  hugo v  zquez caram  s is the author of  check point secure platform hack  a security research in 2007 that can be considered the prelude of  return-oriented programming , a technique that has become nowadays the base of all modern exploits. v  zquez has a long track in breaking and designing rock solid secure software architectures and protections for the most critical industries in challenging environments.  v  zquez's numbers  5 individual patents, 23 years experience in it vulnerability research and secure systems design, 26 total years in the engineering scene. he is also the founder and current owner of pentest  one of the very first niche penetration testing companies in europe and the owner of the global services company www.pentest.org and the registered trademark (pentest  ) in spain.  v  zquez has reported vulnerabilities to major software vendors of the it industry that had been in the it news headlines many times over the last two decades.   as well reputed international expert, v  zquez's services had been required by the finance, telcos, insurance, government, intelligence, aerospace and military industries across all the globe, specifically in europe and usa.
live and breathe hacking in all it's forms.  i'm currently a red team engineer at betterhelp.  i'm also a bug bounty hunter with 100+ vulnerabilities reported to companies such as netflix, atlassian, and alibaba.
to obtain an association with a solid growing company where i can contribute my technical, and management skills, develop new skills, and contribute as a valuable asset to the company and society.
application and network penetration testing. web application developer. team player.
cybersecurity professional who provides web application security and penetration testing services.   previously has experience working in an it service desk & as a front-end business systems analyst for an international conglomerate in the manufacturing industry.
cyber security consultant with a focus in penetration testing. gxpn, gpen, gwapt, gcia, gcih, gsec, osce, oscp, ceh, c)ptc
i   m an offensive security certified professional (oscp) and software developer experienced in application programming, penetration testing, and project management.
i have been a leader of 20+ years in digital business transformation, it, app development, enterprise web, and 'phygital' technology platforms (hardware +  software)  a full-stack technologist, ethical hacker, creative problem solver, and life long student. i love to inspire and engage near impossible challenges, having had rare opportunities to lead and learn from highly talented misfits, nerds, hackers, crackers, and programmers from various walks of life.   my career in technology has included architecting innovation strategies and standardizing modern engineering workflows and frameworks for global advertising agencies to create cutting-edge technology products. living and breathing r&d and innovation to bring new ideas to life is in my blood, while the cyber landscape is part of my genetics. i can't see anything getting done without collaboration, removing team obstacles, monitoring and controlling time and cost, and immediate communication to enable critical decision making while never hesitating to challenge the status quo for the greater good.   i have been responsible for high-value digital portfolios both in the us and abroad. i currently contract as an ethical hacker, penetration tester, and technology consultant.        vulnerability assessment     penetration testing     runtime testing     code review     r&d prototyping     devsecops     technical program management     threat assessment     risk mitigation
i have been working in it security for 6 years mostly with dod. i have a stronger focus on network security and a cyber security bs degree. my long term goal is to become a senior penetration tester. my next goal is to obtain the oswe certification from offensive security which covers advanced web application attacks.
microsoft certified master (mcm)  directory services (active directory)  offensive security  osce, oscp & oswp  giac  exploit researcher and advanced penetration tester  global information assurance certification (giac) advisory board member.    currently working on   infrastructure security, active directory including tiered administrative isolation, privileged administrative workstations (paw), infrastructure service hardening for aws, microsoft azure and google cloud platform, public key infrastructure (pki), network security assessment & testing (offensive security), fuzzing and exploit development, hypervisor based exploit prevention for endpoints, solution development with python and powershell (+ a small amount of c#).   slowly working through a mba.
over 18 years of military experience with matured skills in leadership as well as technical expertise within the cyber domain  motivated to accomplish the mission  and, dedicated to lifelong learning.  diplomas  master of science in cybersecurity, bachelor of science in computer science.  certifications   (isc)2 certified information systems security professional (cissp) offensive security certified expert (osce) offensive security certified professional (oscp) giac exploit researcher and advanced penetration tester (gxpn) giac penetration tester (gpen) ec-council certified ethical hacker (c|eh) ec-council computer hacking forensic investigator (c|hfi) cisco certified network associate (ccna routing & switching, security, wireless) comptia pentest+ comptia security+ (2012-2015)  believes in living life guided by the reality that jesus is god.
systems administrator turned penetration tester. i enjoy offensive security, linux, and things that make me say  huh.. that's interesting...   you can find me on twitter  _th3y, doing hackthebox  th3y, or riding bmx.
graduate from the american business school of paris with an american and french degree in international marketing and business administration and a masters in international management.   accomplished, results-oriented marketing professional with expertise in enterprise sales and all areas of marketing including digital and integrated marketing. able to create best practices from the ground up and align business objectives and strategies into impactful marketing campaigns and sales programs. history of positively impacting marketing and sales results by leading projects across diverse teams and delivering to clients globally. highly effective communicator and team leader with public speaking and cold-calling experience.
certified giac - gwapt penetration tester. enterprise cyber security consultant. owner of stead.  i have 20 years of experience working in the it industry. all of this experience has been in system admin, network management, infosec, data center architecture and operations. this very in depth background has helped me build a solid foundation in the cyber security industry.  i have been penetration testing since the mid 1990's. i developed and wrote a custom logging solution long before siem's. i've qa'd and designed control systems. i've managed thousands of servers of every flavor across hundreds of data centers. i've designed systems for businesses across the globe.  here at stead, my job is to make sure we do things right. i started this company so that we could help companies on a more personal level. our mission is to become part of your team, fix your issues today and help you plan for the future. we have a face. we want to help you.
    oscp- offensive security online  pwb  training which is hands on training over backtrack    linux distribution for pentesting .     handle all aspects of wep / wpa protected networks using aircrack-ng suit.     able to create a fake/ rouge access point using airbase-ng suit.     extensively worked on wireless network based man in the middle (mitm) attacks using pc and mobile devices.      dns spoofing.     arp poisoning     capable of bypasing windows login of windows xp , windows vista and windows 7     computer information security testing [desktops/servers]     web application penetration testing     ip/email tracing     social engineering attacks     sql injections     xss (cross site scripting)     wireshark based network traffic analysis.     website defacement attacks and countermesures     has worked on    armitage    a penetration testing application based on metasploit over windows and linux exploits.       worked on google    code lab    gruyere    to perform web application exploits and defenses.     security testing & vulnerability assessment  worked on    nessus    &    nexpose    which are two different world famous best system & network vulnerability assessment applications.    able to perform malware analysis using assembly language debuggers like ,    winasm    &    ollydbg   .
i work for cmu sei as a cyber security engineer and penetration tester. i am a problem solver, a leader, and a technical thinker. i am currently working towards obtaining my oscp.
astute and accomplished information security professional with 14+ solid-years of experience equipped with a demonstrated background in different domains of complex information and cyber security.  to provide expert advice and security best practices through hands-on penetration testing, security operations center solutions (soc), governance, risk and compliance (grc), digital forensics and incident response (dfir), malware analysis, exploit development, fraud risk assessment and security architecture redesign in order to reduce the risk of threats to your organization that are cost-effective, efficient and with high-quality.
inquisitive and self-sufficient technician with experience expanding hundreds of client networks in the healthcare, financial, industrial, and retail industries. over a decade of providing superior customer service . technical writing proficiency and the ability to translate technical challenges to non-technical parties. consistent professional initiative, including developing and implementing a drone delivery wireless penetration testing platform. efficiently developed a business continuity plan, disaster recovery plan, and policy & procedures for a corporate merger that created onepath. expanded upon and improved teamhealth   s information security policy & procedure and assisted with implementation through the creation of a regular patching cycles for all information technology. strong willingness to learn new skills, and a calm, consistent, professional demeanor.
results-driven, analytical, and thorough security professional. experiences include a wide range of information security work at the largest private non-profit cancer center in the world, memorial sloan kettering cancer center, as well as many enterprise corporations, such as a major independent investment bank. expertise includes qualitative and quantitative risk assessment, penetration testing, threat intelligence, and security consulting. excels at communicating complex information into easily intelligible concepts for executive and nontechnical stakeholders. champions stakeholder engagement in the security process. adept at automating and optimizing information security initiatives. self-starter with leadership qualities who thrives in fast-paced environments.
over ten years of professional experience in penetration testing, information security, and technology. he began as a child hacker  dissembling his first electric toy cars, then moving on to build desktops out of spare parts as a young teen. as an educator and mentor, mr. stashis works with students across the globe in cyber security and maintains a leadership standing within the local atlanta security community. he enjoys working as a fulltime penetration tester and is passionate about educating pen testing to individuals willing to learn.   certified in gxpn, oscp, gpen, gwapt, gcih, and gslc.
experienced application security consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the vulnerability assessment and penetration testing industry. skilled in web application security assessment, database security, think/thick client software and microsoft access database testing.
i executed my 1sy java program when i was 9 years old. from then onwards i started loving computers.   the projects i have done till now are  * implementing dynamic routing for small, medium and large scale companies using rip, eigrp, ospf.  * worked on asp. net mvc 5, m. s. access and microsoft visual studio in developing a system application as a third-party developer for a client working in top mnc.    * worked on android studio for two projects.   * worked with java, xml, mysql for developing a messenger application.  * worked with google cloud messenger (gcm), google analytics, firebase technology for developing another messenger application.  * contributed to the firebase community by publishing a report paper on explaining the functionality of firebase.  * worked with hyperledger while understanding about blockchain technology.   * worked as an assistant to a research scholar in writing a report on different tools used in big data.  * provided web application penetration testing, network penetration testing, android penetration testing services to several startups using many security tools like nmap, burp suite, acentuix, metasploit, wireshark, nessus, etc.  * published a research paper on hunting few of the basic common web application vulnerabilities in a website for the beginners.  * active bug bounty hunter. found loopholes in linkedin, asana, etc.  * did several projects on amazon web services while learning about the technology provided by aws platform.  *worked as a campus ambassador and contributed in application development at rooter.  * hosted workshops and speaker.   * founder and ceo of rarz cybersecurity researchers. trained more than 40 students in security and programming.  * awardee of google india challenge scholarship in web development.
with 15 years of information technology experience, i have developed great interest in information security. i have enhanced my knowledge by attaining the gsec and attending defcon. my focus has been on web and application security and educating developers on how to write secure code. as a programmer, i had the opportunity to work with technologies spanning from mainframe to c# and web applications. i have taken several programs and projects through the full development lifecycle.
currently exploring digital marketing and cybersecurity opportunities.     success is no accident. it is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.     specialties include  hubspot, oracle bronto, wordpress, seo, email marketing, shopify, magento, ecommerce development, retargeting, behavioral retargeting, contextual advertising, affiliate marketing, content marketing, ecommerce marketing, link building, landing pages, google analytics, ppc, outbound marketing, niche marketing, seo moz, bigcommerce, inbound marketing, facebook ads, sem, youtube, instagram, ahrefs, cro, twitter, local seo, woocommerce, paid search, dns, linux, windows, mac os, bing, adobe photoshop, brightedge, creative cloud, hosting, web servers, amazon, reputation management, mysql, cpanel, osx, responsive, constant contact, digital marketing, google ad network, page speed optimization, css, php, javascript, bootstrap, html5, roi, branding, web design, press release, pr, social media marketing, adwords, mobile apps, kpis, semrush, marketing automation, payment gateways, video marketing, sales, business development, project management, influencer marketing  organizations i have worked with include and are not limited to  bridgewater bank, edina realty, bovada, general electric, national parkinson's foundation, federal premium, mystic lake casino, calhoun companies, glock, public affairs co, pfizer, betting partners, cisco, 3m, wells fargo, laird capital, target, prime security bank, us navy, hardware.com
currently i'm a member of the serpent red team at microsoft and previously i was a member of the red team at intuit. my foundation was built on 8+ years of information technology experience in my previous role as a systems administrator in a wide variety of industries including private military, consulting, education, and food distribution.  i've spent the last 5 years helping large enterprise businesses identify security gaps, find security vulnerabilities, and test the response capabilities of blue teams and incident responders. this included adversary emulation (red/purple teaming), network penetration testing, web application penetration testing, code auditing, and security automation (leading and developing). additionally through high quality reporting i'm able to help businesses prioritize and make informed decisions about where to allocate security resources.  prior to working in security i used a self guided study method to obtain both knowledge and hands on experience in a wide variety of offensive security topics. for more information on current specific technical skills see the project section under offensive security i, ii, and iii or the experience section
i am an oscp and security+ certified penetration tester with years of experience in web application, network, and system security. i currently work full-time as a penetration tester for a reputable company - conducting professional black/gray/white box external and internal web application and network penetration tests across multiple industries.  feel free to reach out to me by connecting and messaging me! i love meeting new people and forming strategic relationships!
background  high-energy professional recognized globally as an expert in cyber crime investigation and prevention measures, as well as digital evidence comprehension.  adept at building innovative enterprise-wide programs and systems that maximize security while respecting privacy.  recognized by executive leadership, philanthropic organizations, government agencies, and advocacy groups for distinguished service to the law enforcement community.  innovation & program development highlights  noted as an innovator with a proven track record of developing inventive solutions to security, prevention, and safety issues. able to thoroughly research and evaluate needs, select and task resources, develop project plans, and execute against plans. capable of creating technical solutions and collaborating with nontechnical stakeholders to create supporting policies.  legal proceedings & criminal prosecution highlights  dedicated advocate for justice with a long track record of serving (exclusively) governments and the law enforcement community. key contributor, often with intensive direct involvement to thousands of criminal procedures that have predominantly resulted in guilty verdicts. in demand as an expert witness for domestic and international proceedings.  training & development highlights  respected within law enforcement and advocacy groups as a subject matter expert. serving as an instructor for a number of government and non-government organizations (ngos). adept at capacity building within target organizations and able to mentor training participants to subsequently employ best practices in their environments. capable of communicating complex information to diverse audiences with various technical capabilities.
dr. wear is a security architect, developer, penetration tester, author, and teacher.  sunny's website    books   burp suite cookbook    scfm  secure coding field manaual a programmer's guide to owasp top 10 and cwe/sans top 25    all titles above are available on amazon, itunes, barnes and noble websites.  specialties  certifications     certified secure software lifecycle professional (csslp)      giac secure software programmer in java (gssp-java)      certified ethical hacker (ceh)      certified information systems security professional (cissp)     certified in risk and information systems control (crisc)       sun certified enterprise architect (scea)      sun certified developer for java web services (scdjws)      sun certified business component developer (scbcd)     sun certified web component developer (scwcd)      sun certified java programmer (scjp)
it professional with ability to diagnose and resolve technical problems related to desktop hardware, operating systems, networking and security. trained and experienced in system analysis, and penetration testing techniques with a keen ability in identifying system vulnerabilities before they are exploited .  up to date on research, and latest it security vulnerability trends. brilliant verbal, and written communication skills with excellence in developing and nurturing client relationships.
certified penetration testing engineer, apple certified technical coordinator, apple certified macintosh technician, hurricane electric ipv6 certified sage  during my free time, i enjoy horse back riding, and i am close to being a black belt in tae kwon do. i also read and love to learn new information. recently, i achieved a general class amatuer license from the fcc.
luis   s professional security career began in defense working as a network security engineer for a major, cloud based, security monitoring provider before switching to offense as a full time penetration tester at illumant. luis   s security experience took shape well before his career. when he was obtaining a b.s. in computer science from sam houston university, he founded hash (hacking at sam houston). through hash luis provided hands on hacking training and taught other students how to develop security experience on their own as well.  many of these students are also as security professionals today. on a day-to-day basis he leverages advanced vulnerability identification and exploitation techniques to help demonstrate risk to clients. as well, he is constantly working to improve processes and efficiencies through software development and automation. his main interest in security is hacking web based products.  even in his free time he is constantly sharpening his skills and staying engaged with the latest happenings in information security. he has placed in the top 10 at hacking challenges such as collegiate cyber defense club (ccdc), online capture the flag (ctf) competitions, as well as ctfs from well-known security conferences such as derbycon. he is also dedicated to helping other people, and is an organizer of multiple it security meetings, the dark corner, being the latest one which has a few hundred members.  luis currently holds the offensive security certified professional (oscp) certification.
offensive cyber security     opfor     penetration testing     information assurance     implementation of new technologies     team-building     strategic vision     technical solutions     complex concept simplification     cross-functional communication     process development & management  **active ts/sci clearance with ci polygraph**      ceh, casp, cnda, security+ ce, net+ ce, iat3, iam2, cnd
certified technical trainer (ctt+), incident responder and computer forensic specialist looking for challenges involving incident response and network intrusion defense.
efficient, goal-driven and strategic leader with 14 years of experience in a wide range of it  disciplines, including but not limited to automation & cost reduction, penetration testing, secure software development, big data infrastructures, advanced troubleshooting, and building large scale, highly critical and multi-tenant platforms  cissp certified giac/gpen certified penetration tester giac/gmob certified mobile security analyst giac/gxpn certified exploit researcher and advanced penetration tester  enterprise products  hadoop, spark, elasticsearch, logstash, kibana, siem, nagios and knowledge of many cyber security analytics products management  experienced technical lead, budget planning, vendor management, software sourcing, team building security   intrusion techniques, security audits, development of security tools, architecture, analytics languages/interfaces  c/c++, perl, shell, xml/rest/soap, and knowledge of many others networking  tcp/ip, http/ftp/dns/smtp/etc., advanced interception, capture and analysis of network traffic operating systems  linux (all flavors), bsd (all flavors), solaris/sunos, windows
addicted to hax.  winner ics pwn2own 2020 -- 
coo hexcapes llc.   cyber security consultant penetration testing - digital forensics vulnerability assessment sensitive site exploitation cyber and network security
jason goss is a red team operator that performs continuous assessments of client networks utilizing tactics, techniques, and procedures (ttps) that emulate real world adversaries to help mature the security posture of client networks and enhance their operational readiness.  for the last 6 years jason has been performing red teaming, penetration testing, and software security assessments at niwc atlantic.  jason has 14 years of experience in the cybersecurity industry where he has followed his passions and interests throughout his career.  jason has performed and led endeavors in programming, systems administration, penetration testing, software security, auditing, and even the less sexy cybersecurity management and policy development. he has a m.s. and b.s. in computer science along with a variety of certifications including oscp, gxpn, gpen, gwapt, gweb, gssp .net, gcih, ceh, and cissp.  the only thing that comes close to rivaling jason   s addiction to mentoring, learning, and hacking is his obsession with all thing   s coffee including grinding, pressing, and cold brewing beans from various corners of the world.   lastly, and most importantly, this is all made possible by the love, support, and everlasting patience of his wife and two kids.
experienced network operations with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in intelligence analysis, intelligence, documentation, windows server, and management. strong information technology professional with a master of science (m.s.) focused in cybersecurity from saint leo university.
strong background in information technology with 11+ years of software testing experience. testing experience includes manual, automated, boundary, end to end, unit, smoke, regression, hardening, and integration testing. sdlc used includes waterfall and agile. technologies used are microsoft test manager, mysql, rest services, filezilla, soapui, xml, html, octopus deploy, iis, powershell. exposure has been given to python, java and c#. experience using the following technology in infosec include  solarwinds lem, checkpoint firewall, fortimail, burp suite pro, zap, kali linux, john the ripper and meterpreter.
i am a web application security consultant with over four years of experience working with companies from startup phase all the way to multi-national enterprise conglomerates. i have presented at over a dozen conferences, including sector, derbycon, summercon and many others. i have been awarded half a dozen bounties from facebook, as web application is my hobby, as well as my profession. i am currently seeking an opportunity to work with a company to improve the security posture of the application from the inside out.
i am a hacker, ethical in nature and in practice with a curious drive to understand how things work. i enjoy challenging myself with projects i have never seen in order to understand how they can be modified and improved. i currently hold the offensive security certified professional (oscp) certification. soon after i plan to complete the offensive security wireless professional (oswp) certification course. in my journey into cyber security, i faced many obstacles and developed a great number of skills along the way. i have successfully performed penetration tests against home/office networks using the tools of the trade, such as burp suite pro and metasploit framework. i have identified vulnerabilities in client applications/services and reported my discoveries along with proofs of concept and solutions to prevent compromise. as a hacker, i am tasked to find the holes and hiding places before malicious actors do, so our clients can protect themselves.
hello, i'm am a solutions-oriented it security specialist/penetration tester. intuitive and well-rounded client oriented professional  skilled at relating and connecting with people from all backgrounds and experience. oscp professional certification. a diligent team player, that is strongly analytical, and a deeply creative/adaptive thinker  with over a decade plus of private experience in it, web development, and web-security freelance consultation. proficient with designing, implementing, and troubleshooting network infrastructure, and security. strengths include leadership, team building, client relationship development, strategic planning, data analysis, vulnerability research, and structuring guidelines, procedures for development of long-term security objectives.
united states air force veteran highly analytical, solution-oriented and resourceful it technician with over 10 years of experience. great leader, team player and dedicated self-motivated, organized, quick learner strong interpersonal and communication skills  certifications include  isc2 certified information systems security professional certified computer forensics examiner certified ethical hacker certification certified penetration tester microsoft certified solutions associate  microsoft certified it professional comptia a+, network+ and security+ certified technician
experienced security engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and consulting services industry. skilled in penetration testing,  and infrastructure design and deployment of, windows/nix systems, and  lan/wan.
accomplished information security professional with a strong interest in ethical hacking, penetration testing, and vulnerability analysis. experienced with 6+ years in information security to include areas such as vulnerability management, incident & event handling, risk management, and penetration testing. eager to contribute in a senior-level it security role where i can utilize my technical skills and passion for vulnerability management and penetration testing.
   ability to foster new relationships, ideas/concepts and generate synergy with the team  positive, team and mission-oriented attitude, self-motivated when given strategic goals      strong ability to drive architectural meetings with a broad understanding of the bigger picture and obtain end result goals.      seasoned penetration tester and security engineer providing enterprise level penetration tests and vulnerability assessments as-well-as delivering detailed step-by-step reporting to c-level executives and it staff.      expert level experience with security tools such as     nmap, metasploit, kali linux, burp suite, etc., as well as other various testing tools with a high focus in manual penetration testing.       expert level knowledge of adversarial activities in cyberspace with an understanding of intrusion set tactics, techniques, and procedures (ttp) with the ability to emulate these ttp to assess vulnerability and risk      expert level experience in exploiting major network components and protocols such as dns, dhcp, smtp, iis, http/s, smb/samba and firewall rules.      expert level experience with secure implementation and operation for penetration testing of web applications and its various components (injection, xss, validation, session mgmt, web services, hosting, web traffic analysis, remote/local file inclusion security misconfigurations.)     expert level experience with service enumeration, reverse shells, customizing shell code,  antivirus-bypass, privilege escalation, pivoting, and spear-phishing,      advanced-expert level experience in shell scripting (powershell, python, perl, ruby, bash, grep/sed/awk, etc)      advanced level experience with active directory, active directory federated service, smal, sso, azure ad connect. cross premises functionality, multiple domain environments, directory structures, group policies, and user and computer account administration.
i've been in the information security field for a little over 17 years now. my experiences ranging from very large companies to smaller ones has given me a good perspective and allowed me to be successful doing what it is i always intended  running my own business.  it's been a long road and a tough road.  but frankly, i wouldn't change the way it all happened for anything in the world.  keatron  specialties  my specialties include training, snort ids, active directory/windows security, penetration testing and digital forensics.
my expertise in leveraging several years of personal research with automated and bespoke tool-based testing  manual hands on testing of web applications and network services where utilizing tools such as empire, veil and meta-framework using reflective dll's, ole objects and macro's were applied within scenarios where port forwarding, pivoting, and lateral spread were sought..  my tests utilize web and network application guidelines following industry-standard best practices and methodologies like owasp and ptes.          i am currently involved in the local los angeles chapter of owasp, issa, cloud security alliance and leathal. i have attended multiple info-sec and volunteer each year at events such as defcon, blackhat, appsec, issa.la, layerone, b-sides l.a and look forward to presenting on security topics in the near future.  i've also accrued 2 years    worth of classes for cisco's ccna, comp tia's a +, and comp tia's security + while attending a local college college where i studied the fundamentals.             i have a proven track record of delivering and exceeding customer expectations within high value / high pressure occupations from entertainment to consulting with pharmaceutical companies with a track record to prove it.  as a pentester and more importantly a researcher, i look forward to continuing that trend.
offensively focused security researcher. practical experience with penetration testing, application security, security research, and vulnerability exploit development.   areas of interest include   web app penetration testing, hardware hacking, firmware analysis, reverse engineering, fuzzing, vulnerability r&d, exploit dev, implant dev, application security.  stockpiling an arsenal of capabilities for red team engagements.
currently doing penetration testing and vulnerability assessment across a broad spectrum of clients and technologies. being in a position that requires constant research and learning is basically my perfect job.  
i have a passion for information security and technology in general, from the bare-metal hardware to the development, configuration, and analysis of it's software. i believe that having a well-rounded, vast pool of experiences and knowledge allows me to see things from a different perspective, and ultimately improve the security posture of the organizations that i work with. every day in this field is a learning experience that presents the opportunity to evolve intellectually, to solve new puzzles, and to make measurable progress towards a better, more secure future. the future begins with today, so lets get started!  accomplished security professional, operations leader and training specialist. highly motivated leader, with extensive experience in a high stress, zero defect environment serving the president of the united states. global management experience, physical and electronic security specialist, security system manager. possesses excellent prioritization, organization, and communication skills. excels at leading multiple teams of varying technical backgrounds in the design, construction, system integration and training in support of various program objectives. outstanding abilities in leadership, team building, cross-functional personnel management, technical expertise and training development.   learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. the important thing is not to stop questioning.  - albert einstein
15+ years of expertise in  (1) creating and developing global information security programs  (2) information security communication at user, business, and technology levels  (3) strategic it governance, risk & compliance  (4) advanced technology solutions  and (5) designing robust skills assessment and development programs.
nick has over 20 years experience in information technology and security. nick   s skills include large scale security assessments/penetration tests, risk assessments, forensic analysis, physical security assessments, social engineering engagements. in the last few years, nick has worked at honing his social engineering skills during his penetration testing assessments.  nick   s passion drove him to become an active member in the info-sec community.  he has keynoted and spoken at a number of events over the last few years. nick was interviewed on the katie couric show, as well as being interviewed in numerous other journals on the topic of security. nick also has donated his time as part of the social engineering village team at def con and one of the organizers and head of security for derbycon for the first five years.
employed in the information security industry with 15 years experience spanning from healthcare, finance, government, real estate and retail, jacolon has built and overseen information security programs. some of these programs include security operations centers, application security, incident response, threat intelligence and security engineering teams. with a unique approach at translating technical controls into overall business risk, jacolon arms business leaders with knowledgeable information so that they can make an informed decision.
security consultant and penetration tester in denver
i've been doing wireless, mobile, web application and enterprise network penetration testing for years. i currently hold the offensive security certified professional (oscp). my focus is offensive security, pen testing, ethical hacking, red teaming, etc. i have experience with physical penetration, and i'm also a social engineering expert. my profile contains a bit more information about a few of the things i've done throughout my career. cyber security is my passion.
michael cooter is a penetration tester and application security engineer with proven experience in a variety of different industry verticals. his primary areas of focus are web and mobile application security penetration testing.  he has more than 13 years of security experience in a variety of environments including government, education, healthcare, oil and gas, banking, advertising, and manufacturing.
douglas stilwell is a member of citibank's red team. he came to information security with a background in systems administration and network engineering. doug has over 16 years of experience performing security services for organizations in the healthcare, financial, and education industries. he believes information security is a lifestyle. at the age of 9, he started writing programs in basic on the vic-20. since then, he has had an avid interest in computers and technology. he has spoken on information security at multiple conferences, competes in capture-the-flag (ctf) challenges, and enjoys mentoring information security professionals.  specializations include but not limited to adversary simulation, penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, incident response, security architecture, and lastly but most importantly...professional report writer.
i am a seasoned tester with 9+ years of team leadership, project management, and operations optimization experience in the financial sector. recognized for demonstrating a natural aptitude for strategic planning and process improvement, i have a verifiable history of contributing directly to application security, operational efficiency, and employee productivity. professional focal points include research, network administration, tool development, penetration testing, vulnerability scanning, end-to-end assessments, risk management, technical support, employee development, training, and performance assessment. delivering superior administration on the latter areas of expertise requires exceptional utilization of effective communication and organization skills. currently, i am the sr. penetration tester with bank of america. under my leadership, i spearhead technical teams in executing the full range of dynamic web/mobile application testing functions for the bank. this includes conducting research and end-to-end assessments, coordinating projects and security events, providing subject matter expertise, tracking new vulnerabilities and techniques, and developing tools. i also ensure optimal performance across the testing team by creating and implementing training programs for new and current team members. as such, i have demonstrated expertise in streamlining facility testing and optimizing assessment capabilities while reducing overall risk. colleagues describe me as a progressive, driven, down-to-earth, analytical, and managerial expert who can be relied on to deliver significant results on time.
danny chrastil's experience within application development and system administration compliment his ability to perform web application assessments, penetration tests, and code reviews. technical experience includes web application penetration testing, mobile application security, code reviews, system administration of the lamp stack, and programing in php and ruby on rails (ror).
robert is an experienced information security professional with a passion for data-based decision making, automation, and building teams based on trust and respect. robert has a track record for effective security programs and architectures designed around a foundation of proactive testing. a valued mentor instilled robert's strong belief that  it's more fun to be excellent.  and robert strives to reflect that ideal in teasing out cool bugs, establishing functional and efficient security teams, and tinkering with machine learning and big data sets for operational intelligence. he is passionate about project outcomes and encourages his team members to strive for the same excellence. on the side robert enjoys being outdoors with his dog and partner, fine scotch, and good books.
penetration testing, web/mobile/cloud security testing, application security, vulnerability assessment, devsecops
us navy veteran technolust
techno-functional leader executing cybersecurity initiatives with knowledge of evolving cyber-risk landscape, diminishing vulnerabilities and fortifying security against malicious entities in cyberspace.   forward-thinking and solutions-focused it professional presenting advanced knowledge in information systems support, it security management, and corporate network communication management with an interest in transitioning into a cybersecurity position.  currently teaching cybersecurity technologies and methodologies to diversified classrooms of secureset. bring competitive edge and up-to-date industry knowledge by currently pursuing a graduate certificate in cybersecurity from regis university. accelerate enterprise efficiency, mitigate risks, protect assets, and ensure seamless operations of multimillion-dollar corporations.  roll out business process re-engineering and change management strategies resulting in streamlined processes and improved it infrastructure. deliver business-critical solutions for enterprise-wide systems.
detail-oriented and passionate red-team operator, with experience working on remote and on-site teams. familiar with both windows and linux environments and have a strong programming background. participated in multiple red-teams, phishing campaigns and penetration tests and comfortable with the tools and workflows required during an active test.
i'm driven by the unknown and strive to make an impact in security by applying past experiences across multiple industries and roles into current day and future challenges. i enjoy researching security, taking on challenges, and tackling problems nobody has tackled yet!  specialties include cloud security, aws, software security, system architecture, threat modeling, infrastructure, red teaming, network security, application security.  community involvement  security bsides san francisco cfp chair and organizer security bsides global treasurer and secretary owasp bay area board wall of sheep  patents  detecting credential compromise in aws (patent pending) a multilayered approach to protecting aws credentials (patent pending) advanced metadata proxy (patent pending) position module (patent number us8660786b2)  presentations  blackhat usa 2018 - detecting credential compromise in aws qconsf 2018 - netflix's layered approach to reducing risk of credential compromise devopsdays 2018 - security through enablement - netflix culture appsec usa 2018 - so you want to run a secure service on aws  appsec california 2018 - so you want to run a secure service on aws  2017 smart cities accelerator   harvard - security  a different perspective appsec california 2017 - when bandit(s) strike - defend your python code hashiconf eu 2016 - securing ad hoc immutable infrastructure rsa 2016 - the rise of the purple team bsidessf 2016 - securing the distributed workforce appsec california 2016 - ad hoc mutable infrastructure for security management hou.sec.con v5.0 - network penetration testing - beware of script kiddies toorcon 2014 - network penetration testing - beware of script kiddies  certifications  certified information systems security professional (cissp) offensive security wireless professional (oswp) certified ethical hacker (ceh) netflix-cloud-security-detecting-credential-compromise-in-aws-9493d6fd373a
senior at illinois state university, looking to learn and grow professionally everyday.  aws certified cloud practitioner
penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in optimization, public speaking, microsoft office, facebook, and social media marketing. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in public relations, advertising, and applied communication from bowie state university.
some smart guy who's good at things.  i've given talks at various security conferences including toorcon, bsides, and cactuscon on various subjects including malware and source code analysis.
proven learner with professional certification  oscp, cehv9, cissp and aws security specialty. 4 years degree education in information security combined with 4 years work experience in penetration testing, developing sailpoint custom connector for application onboarding, information security solution operation, (dlp, sailpoint, tpam, centrify and ca products).
listen to me directly on coalcast coalfire's cybersecurity podcast 
cybersecurity and it professional.  dynamic, detail-oriented, bilingual/multilingual it security professional highly regarded for demonstrated experience developing and deploying complex infrastructures and technical solutions for industry leaders. high expertise in directing risk management initiatives while establishing, implementing and enhancing key information security objectives and control frameworks to maximize productivity. proficient in determining system requirements and resolving technical issues quickly. skilled in providing effective leadership in fast-paced, deadline-driven environments. ability to collate and distribute reports that enable peers and executives to manage work seamlessly across the company and ensure targets are achieved. - network level penetration testing - cyber threat management - information security policy and governance - risk management and compliance - network defense seim analyst  - system administration
cyber security professional with a passion for red team activities. dedicated to learning and applying new concepts. always engaged in personal and professional development of cyber security skills. experienced in many security solutions, technologies and practices. goals include employment at a major company engaging in red team activities, government work to protect domestic and attack foreign assets, and be a common name in the cyber community.
experienced information security consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the information security industry. skilled in microsoft word, military communications, english, ethical hacking, and information security. strong information security professional with a bachelor of science (b.s.) focused in cyber security programming from devry university.
highly qualified risk and compliance expert with a solid reputation for implementing and managing security controls by skillfully evaluating strategic workflow business and organization systems. i have demonstrated success by driving proactive security initiatives in a variety of organizations while participating in the development of progressive security architecture and security policy framework solutions in direct support of business objectives.
white hat hacker.
web application and network pentester currently working within a uniquely federal enterprise network.
%27 or 1 1 --
    10+ years of experience on linux servers. red hat certified system administrator.     5 years of experience in security consulting.      4 years of experience in penetration testing. profound knowledge of network architectures, operating systems, application software and cyber security tools. wide knowledge of scripting languages in bash, python, and go. capable of developing buffer overflow exploitation.      7+ years of experience in identity management, access management, role management, compliance management, system integration, implementing and deploying large-scale identity management solutions.
i use my love of technology and gadgets to provide my customers as much actionable information as i can to improve their overall security posture.
seasoned cyber security professional focused on penetration testing and improving it security.
highly regarded and innovative information technology and cyber security professional with strong aptitudes for technology, creative problem solving, and innate pattern recognition skills. proven talent for identifying core agency/company program needs and translating them into functional deliverables. unique combination of technical and real world intelligence operations experience. team building, continuous process improvement, and project management strengths. highly self-motivated, enthusiastic, and extremely reliable and ethical.  demonstrated expertise in    * penetration testing * systems engineering / integration * intelligence disciplines *      workflow planning *      data mining / analysis * technical writing * continuous improvement * technical support / communication
with a strong willingness to learn and master new technologies i am ready to challenge myself with a new position in the information security field. i bring with me creative and technical problem solving and troubleshooting capabilities.  i have proven, practical ability in network and web application penetration testing, and vulnerability analysis. i am eager to prove my skills, and master new skills as required.
over a decade of experience with intelligence analyst, security operations, risk mitigation, law enforcement, & cyber threat operations. a well-developed hybrid security professional (high threat environments) with backgrounds in irregular warfare, military police operations, digital forensics investigation, all source intelligence analysis (strategic & tactical), federal and state criminal investigations, adversarial hacking techniques, penetration testing, cyber threats and mitigation solutions, and overall it security.   iat ii, incident responder, infrastructure support certified
shane is a senior security consultant and has over 9 years experience in offensive security. always looking to continually learn, he has fine tuned his skills in iot, network, web/mobile application, wireless, red team, physical and exploit development.
i live and travel full time across the country in my rv with my family. it   s awesome. so please don   t send me offers for work that isn   t at least 98% remote as it will not be a good fit for me.   web application and network penetration tester //  cyber security consultant  //  remote worker  //  full time traveler
the movie  hackers     was my inspiration as a kid. i used to take apart my computer to figure out how the components worked. i wanted to learn everything i could about computers, networks, and security, so i could one day,  hack the gibson,     and have a cool handle like zerocool or serialkiller.  well, i never got a cool handle, but i still want to  hack the gibson  one day. although now i try to hack systems and networks and perform security research to help organizations understand their vulnerabilities and risk profile. to help remediate and reduce risk, i prefer to use ingenuity over buying expensive tools when designing or recommending a solution.  my passion is reading through threat intelligence and learning new attack techniques to keep up with the bad guys. i consider myself a life-long cybersecurity student, as the landscape is continually changing and the constant need for me to improve and adapt my skills in cybersecurity and penetration testing.
an honoree of sans most dedicated and innovative  people who made a difference in security in 2015 . received numerous performance awards and recognition from customers which includes,  employee of the quarter/year, above and beyond  for excellent work done.  twenty years of technical experience that includes more than 10 years of  information security, with federal government, dod and other commercial entities.
always willing to learn and put myself at the forefront of technology.
learned information technology and security professional trained from the course titled  certified ethical hacker    -ceh) to secure hardware and software systems from computer hacker attacks, to prevent network penetration, and intrusions. what is a ceh have a background in mechanical engineering, software development, chfi, and it management.  proven record of resolving complex technical issues. reliably secure computer systems from threats and exploits. test with enumeration, scanning, system hacking, and coding tools. incident analysis or event investigation, tests security products and systems to detect security weaknesses. assess and detect network vulnerabilities.      security experience includes   virus & trojans, network monitoring, enumeration, dos, ddos, wireless network hacks, kali linux tools, policy & firewall reviews, window 7 & 8, windows server 2012, vulnerability scanning,    password cracking, file encryption, etc..  i have an interest in quantum entanglement or quantum technology that will  help  secure the internet from malicious hackers.  it will require the use of qbits instead of bits.  keywords  chfi, information security analyst, ethical hacker, penetration tester, it network security, security specialist, forensic investigator, security engineer, security analyst, security consultant, site administrator, it auditor, computer forensics analyst, cybersecurity specialist, cybersecurity threat analyst, information security specialist, risk and compliance analyst, information assurance spec, cyber engineer, cyber incident response specialist, vulnerability, web server security, sql injection, file disclosure, remote file inclusion, directory traversal, pentest , scanning, vulnerability assessment, national security agency (nsa), committee on national security systems (cnss) and the department of defense (dod), incident response management, vulnerability scanning
i am working toward continual growth and improvement both technically and personally while attempting to balance my love of technology with life.
a penetration tester/red teamer looking to one day specialize in exploit development, social engineering and physical engagements. currently pursuing a bachelors degree in cyber security at utica college. feel free to contact me for any inquiries
dynamic, self-motivated, and focused professional, with extensive experience in managing, designing, developing, and implementing information technology programs and cyber security solutions to streamline company operations. if you would like to see my projects go to  
ryan served in the unites states marine corps as an infantryman and later scout/sniper from 2004 to 2012.  he was honorably discharged in november 2012 and completed a b.s.b.a. from the ohio state university fisher college of business in information systems. he is currently working as a penetration tester with coalfire systems.
network / systems / security engineer with experience in the corporate market and in the u.s. government, u.s. navy onboard many naval warships, and u.s. airforce global afnet deployments/sustainment.  dynamic leader with excellent communication skills, easily interacts with executives, senior, and junior-level staff.  received two navy achievement medals, and two flag letters of accommodation for network management resulting in increased network performance and user efficiency. received the atlas technologies sextant award for outstanding technical achievements. technically proficient with cisco routers and switches, alcatel-lucent switches, and knowledgeable of many operating systems, numerous software applications and security tools.  fluent in automation techniques with powershell / shell scripting.   top secret active security clearance.  discovered hyper-v host route hijack method, and new ways to abuse tenable nessus vulnerability scanning products.
i am currently a graduate of hampton university, with a bs in computer science. i plan to work in the field of cyber security where i will advance a career that will allow me to make use of the technical and soft skills that i have acquired so far.
since my days as a us army paratrooper, i   ve developed an uncompromising passion for excellence and attention to detail. this is something that continued to define my work ethic as i became a senior electronics technician in rca and general electric working in sensitive military contracts, and later in the us foreign service as an information technology officer in the bureau of diplomatic security, dignitary protection branch.  after my assignment in diplomatic security, i was selected to attend the national intelligence university where i earned a master   s degree in strategic intelligence with a focus on information security. i was then reassigned to state   s bureau of intelligence and research (inr) as the analyst for terrorism, narcotics, and crime for latin america and sub-saharan africa. at inr, i developed an interest in information warfare as an emerging national security threat. to further explore this new interest, i reactivated my army affiliation, trained at fort huachuca, arizona, and worked as a counterintelligence special agent (infosec, comsec, personnel security, physical security, background investigations, and criminal investigations) from 1993 to 1999 as a member of the maryland army national guard at fort meade.  upon retiring from the us foreign service, i trained for several years as an ethical hacker, earned the offensive security certified professional and offensive security wireless professional certifications, completed mit's professional education cybersecurity program and joined computer sciences corporation as a senior security consultant in the elite csc strikeforce ethical hacking team, providing clients with best-in-class cybersecurity through penetration testing and full-scope digital attack simulation.
security engineer, full stack developer, and lifelong learner.  as a security engineer, i take an in-depth look at clients' network and web application security and make recommendations based on findings.   i have come to appreciate the manual approach.  as a full stack developer, i build and deploy applications utilizing a variety of tools/frameworks.  i am passionate about the user experience(ux) and ultimately enjoy every layer of the web.  as a lifelong learner, i am constantly seeking a deeper knowledge of the things i know and persistently growing my knowledge into the unknown.  i will never stop learning!
    proficient in wireshark           osint framework familiarity         mitre att&ck familiarity         owasp top 10 familiarity         digital forensics  the sleuth kit (+autopsy), ftk, caine, bulk extractor, exiftool         efficient at reading log analysis         system and server maintenance               penetration testing         project management         network troubleshooting         security awareness         familiarity with python, ruby, c, c++, php, assembly(hex), javascript languages         web app vulnerability assessment          xss, or cross-scripting attack familiarity and proficiency         wpa/wep/pmkid cracking.
i love learning new things and i am always striving to improve. playing sports all my life has given me a competitive mindset and i have carried it to my it profession. this mindset has made me invest many sleepless nights and several hours of group work outside of class to overachieve and learn everything i can about my profession.  computer experience  operating system experience-windows 7, windows 8, windows server 2012, windows server 2008r2, windows xp, os x lion, os x mountain lion, os x mavericks, kali linux, linux ubuntu and linux debian.  software experience- wireshark, burp suite, nessus, snort, metasploit, metasploit pro, dirb, nikto,  splunk, encase, responder.py, active directory, symantec endpoint protection, cherwell, microsoft office, nmap scans, outlook, lotus notes, dell kace, novell ghost and several other ferris state university supported software programs.  computer languages- microsoft sql server, oracle, sqlight, mysql, mongodb, python, django, java, html, and css
i possess a broad knowledge of hardware, software, and networking technologies to provide a powerful combination of analysis, implementation, and support. i am experienced in web engineering, hardware evaluation, project management, systems and network security, incident analysis, and recovery.
cybersecurity professional. penetration tester. hacker.
network security professional with emphasis in penetration testing. skilled in web, application, and network exploitation.
i specialize in infrastructure, social engineering, physical and red team engagements. i have 10 years of practical, client facing penetration testing and consulting experience.
br0k3nb1nary gmail.com (802)  884-3556
with over twenty three years experience, i have been involved in the design and implementation of a multitude of client defenses using diverse security technologies and creating custom solutions to fit clients needs and requirements.  over the last twenty years, i have primarily served as a lead role on vulnerability assessments and penetration tests for organizations from all industries big and small, including financial firms, private sector and military institutes. specializing in assessing highly secured environments or worked on solutions to create them.   over the last ten years i have worked within various instructor roles for private firms and colleges. the most recent professor role was teaching and creating new material for sheridan institute - school of applied computing and engineering sciences - bachelor of applied information sciences systems security degree (pbais) program.   while at sheridan institute - school of applied computing and engineering sciences, i was a part time professor instructing and creating new content for the following courses   (info 04626) -  information systems intrusion detection and prevention (info 43921) - malicious code  design and defense (info 40587) - ethical hacking (info 49402) - iss graduation project (phase 2) (info 40025) - information age ethics  i am also one of the founder and organizers of the (smpctf hacker olympics) along with tim shelton, co-founder and cto of hawk network defense.
multilingual  english, arabic, somali and french  army national guard
senior security professional with 20 years of progressive experience in various technical categories including penetration testing, security remediation, network engineering & architecture, windows system administration, custom solutions development and enterprise infrastructure. recognized for innovative and creative problem solving. an efficient, result oriented individual that continuously exceeds expectation in technical skills, communication, preparation and execution. provides unique tailored solutions and strategies that build up from an extensive knowledge-base of professional and academic influence from most technical industries such as ai & simulation to security. clients include  us department of energy & us naval sea systems command. secret clearance (inactive), public trust (active).
security cross-functional execution and influence  20+ years experience internet commerce industry cloud frontiersman of more than 10 years.    *large-scale offensive security of cloud both devsecops and legacy product methodologies.   *reputed security architect for hundreds of oracle public cloud (saas/paas/iaas) solutions and numerous oci infrastructure services.   *security operations pioneer during rapidly-expanding oracle cloud acquisition portfolio. our team secured over 20 saas properties over 40 locations globally.   *master of science - information security plus post-m.s. graduate certificate in penetration testing and ethical hacking.   *principal contributor of cloud security standards, strategy and training  *organizational promoter of focused execution according to business priority.
vulnerability researcher with a focus on web applications, holding oscp, cissp, and ceh certifications with over 15 years of experience. currently studying for oswe.
securities researcher, and consulting.
proven information security professional with experience in security engineering, security operations, and penetration testing. the more i learn, the more i realize i don't know, which drives me to pursue more knowledge and  try harder  every day to excel at my passion- securing computer systems, communications, and functions.
i have a very flexible toolset! i have used these skills in support of several sectors, including government, military, and enterprise.   i work as a cyber analyst/engineer in support of the government and civilian sectors, performing security assessment in regards to both network as well as physical security. i use my experience and knowledge of malicious attack vectors in order to learn about and anticipate attacks and  vindictive campaigns towards customer data. i interned with alion science and technology during my time at suny polytechnic university learning about and applying wireless hacking methodologies to unmanned aerial vehicles in support of the airhalo project.  in the military sector i served as the primary computer specialist during operation enduring freedom in afghanistan, providing computer support to 6 different companies. i worked with the air force to create and maintain a strong secure network for military operations throughout rc west. i completed the sanitation process of over 200 pieces of automation equipment and executed full data recovery/system rebuilds. i executed full data recovery and system rebuilds of over 140 laptops for top priority missions. in addition to information systems, i gained extensive experience in harris radios and sat-comm communications.  on the government side i have supported programs related to document based malware analysis and replication, network penetration testing (including physical security assessments), darkweb analysis with a focus on ransomware, and cross domain solution vulnerability assessments. as i continue gaining in experience within these sectors, my flexibility will continue to grow to aid in more and more projects and my toolset will continue to develop.
i am a new graduate specializing in the field of cybersecurity and information security. i am actively volunteering at a non-profit in the bay area, aiming to help small businesses, local governments and non-profits to survive and rise beyond covid-19. besides the technical aspects of the pentesting project, i have acquired skills like project management, client engagement, streamlining workflows while being a part of the volunteering opportunity.
penetration tester. adversary simulation. security researcher.  speaker/trainer at bsides san diego, bsides las vegas, wild west hacking fest  
an expert with over 10,000 hours practiced as a senior security specialist with a vast broad knowledge and focus on cyber security. as a seasoned practitioner my strength and emphasis is in enterprise it security that includes network and web application penetration testing, vulnerability assessment analysis, intrusion and malware analysis, system and network hardening, and security research. my professional goals is to offer my on-going passion and expertise of technical and analytical knowledge on cyber security that an organization could benefit from and to help further enhance infrastructure protection against today's cyber threat.
with experience and a drive for networking and investing in the local cyber community or building of projects, ryan enjoys working with or alongside vets, cyber security groups, and industry professionals within his field. in his spare, he continues his education through certificate programs, cyber security webinars or conferences to perfect his craft and industry knowledge and casually exchanges information on topics such as crypto currency, real-estate investments, renovation projects, video gaming, or golf.   his accomplishments include, receiving multiple awards for outstanding team performance, professionalism, and project development, graduating as summa cum laude.
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. skilled in python, entrepreneurship, public speaking, quantitative investing, and java. strong information technology professional with degrees in economics and computer science with a focus in data science from connecticut college.
cleared cybersecurity professional and military veteran with six years of proven military experience.  possess a comprehensive background in security operations derived from professional training, responding to real-world incidents, and conducting over 30 criminal investigations on the coast guard enterprise supporting more than 60,000 users. demonstrated knowledge of forensic tools used to identify root cause of incidents as well as monitoring systems and networks for intrusions, security flaws, and vulnerabilities. experienced in conducting penetration tests and emulating adversarial apt (advanced persistent threat) activity. adept at identifying anomalous network events, isolating infected assets, eradicating threats and providing methods for recovery.  career supported by 2,000-plus hours of professional training and multiple certifications including giac gpen (certified penetration tester), giac gcih (certified incident handler), giac gced (certified enterprise defender), ceh (certified ethical hacker), and comptia security+. currently pursuing giac gwapt (certified web application penetration tester) and cissp (certified information systems security professional).
technical skills related to supporting software applications within a large enterprise infrastructure  tcp/ip, dns, firewall, internet zones, network protocols, physical/virtual servers, file/data storage, client/server application platform, web-based application platform, client-based application platform.  communications skills related to leading a team of analysts and developers responsible for supporting software applications within a large enterprise infrastructure.  communications skills related to customer facing activities including providing project status updates and responding to ad hoc requests from the customer or internal resources.  project management skills related applications development or technical infrastructure support or deployment. administrative skills related to managing ppm, time keeping systems, apps manager, etc.  vendor management skills related to working with/supporting third party applications within a large enterprise infrastructure.  researches, designs, develops, configures, integrates, tests and maintains existing and new business applications and/or information systems solutions including databases through integration of technical and business requirements.  responsibilities include, but are not limited to, analysis of business requirements, coding of modifications or new program, creation of documentation, testing and maintenance of applications, infrastructure, and information systems including database management systems.  works within the information technology function, obtaining resources and working in support of objectives and strategies. provides required documentation and participates in architecture reviews to ensure that the solutions comply with standards and use approved technologies.
former senior cyber security analyst for the us military.  currently a member of the sony redteam.  experienced in the following areas   operating systems  microsoft windows 7, server 08, 2012, linux, debian, rhel, freebsd programming  c, c++, java, python  github, maven, codacy scripting  bash, batch threat detection  arcsight, bluecoat wcf, siems, alien vault, packet analysis, intrusion detection/prevention systems (ids/ips), bro, snort, nmap, nessus, openvas, surricata, network miner, ossec, ossim,  palo alto, juniper, cisco asa, and zywall firewalls advanced adversary ttps (analysis & research)  cyber kill chain, apt28, apt29, apt30, duqu, energetic bear malware analysis  static & dynamic analysis, manual & automated analysis tools, x86 disassembly, ida pro, ollydebug, gdb, c code constructs, kernel debugging, windbg, microsoft kernel api   s (documented & undocumented), data encoding, anti-disassembly, anti-debugging, packers, linux shell code analysis incident response  encase forensic, encaseenterprise, accessdata ftk, volatility/rekall, google rapid response (grr), internetevidence finder (ief), sans sift, mercenary hunt framework (mhf) forensics  live system triage, network & system hunting, browser forensics(ie, chrome, firefox), pcap analysis, sleuth kit, regshot, regripper, yara, wireshark, tcpdump, raw data munging, shellbags, lnk, event-logs, usbstor, evtxtools, foremost, autopsy, sqlite, memory analysis penetration tool development  c, c++, csharp, java, python, .net, wmi/omi scripting, simplyemail (co-author), deepfreezeagent remote access trojan (co-author) attack frameworks  cobalt strike, kali, metasploit
ceh certified penetration tester pursuing a master   s degree in information security with background in coding, penetration testing, secure programming, network security and vulnerability assessment. excellent communicator with great negotiation, planning and organizational skills, motivated to continuously learn new technologies to help resolve complex security challenges. bachelor   s in information technology and familiar with knowledge of protocols, security tools, kali linux and aws.
cybersecurity analyst with a demonstrable history of working in the customer service industry. i have over 10 years of experience working in the cybersecurity field. currently, i work as a cybersecurity analyst, improving the security for our customers by using advanced tools and analytics.
security analyst and network pentester. oscp bound!
information security enthusiast specializing in penetration testing and vulnerability analysis.  most of what i do involves testing software and systems, but in addition to finding and fixing bugs, i enjoy developing tools that assist in the discovery of vulnerabilities. these include port scanners, web scrapers, and other enumeration tools.   i firmly believe that the best way to make use of the enormous amount of information that we deal with in the information security space is to have a balance of effective data collection and visualization tools at your disposal. because of this, i am always actively working to develop solutions that are both high-performance and visually logical.
   when you want to know how things really work, study them when they're coming apart.                 william gibson, zero history
my past experience   construction laborer  (10+ years)  general labor  (10+ years)  general laborer  (10+ years)  drywall  (10+ years)  handyman  (10+ years)  network security  (6 years)  application development  (4 years)  website development  (3 years)  website management  (4 years)  programming  (4 years)  penetration testing  (6 years)  python  (3 years)  computer skills  (6 years)  web services  (4 years)  materials handling experience  (4 years)  manufacturing experience  (8 years)  fact checking  (6 years)  investigations  (8 years)  it experience  (6 years)  network protocols  (6 years)  tcp  (3 years)  tcp/ip  (3 years)  it experience  (6 years)  help desk  (3 years)  technical support  (5 years)  outlook  (4 years)  windows  (10+ years)  microsoft office  (8 years)  microsoft word  (8 years)  microsoft powerpoint  (8 years)  linux  (3 years)  business management  (3 years)  git  (4 years)  troubleshooting  (6 years)  github  (6 years)  vmware  (4 years)  network protocols  (6 years)  network administration  (3 years)  network engineering  (2 years)  network  (6 years)
cybersecurity is not just my calling, but my passion.
dedicated information security professional with over 15 years of corporate enterprise security and it experience including penetration testing, vulnerability assessments, threat analysis, risk mitigation, and security infrastructure administration.  a red teamer with a passion for discovering how things work, breaking them down, and then determining how even the smallest building block can be misused to an attacker   s advantage. it's important to never stop learning, tinkering, improving and practicing your tradecraft inside and outside the workplace in order to continually improve and gain an edge in this moment-by-moment changing threat landscape. i am a team player that works very well with groups and i   m equally effective working independently self-driven on complex technical tasks and projects. staying ahead of the latest cyber threats and attacker ttps requires a driven persistence to find avenues of compromise, and then demonstrating business risk while providing reasonable and effective mitigating controls.  + -- -- [specialties  red teaming, penetration testing, cyber threat analysis, vulnerability assessments, attacker-centric threat modeling & mitigation, adversary simulation, purple teaming  + -- -- [ctf accomplishments   2019 specterops atrto ctf - 1st place 2019 corelan exploit development bootcamp 2018 derbycon 8 - evil mainframe penetration testing 2017 sans sec760 day-6 ctf - 1st place w/coin 2016 sans netwars tournament - 1st place 2015 sans holiday hack - 1st place grand prize winner 2014 sans holiday hack - really honorable mention 2014 netwars continuous     level 5 - all flags solved 2014 sans sec660 day-6 ctf - 1st place w/coin 2014 hackmiami conference ctf - 1st place 2014 bsides orlando hackmiami ctf - 1st place 2013 csaw online quals - many challenges solved 2012 issa hack the flag advanced ctf - 2nd place 2011 issa hack the flag ctf - 1st place 2010 sans sec709 day-6 ctf - 2nd place 2009 sans sec560 day-6 ctf - 2nd place
rehan is an experienced penetration tester and web application security enthusiast from silicon valley. he has a strong technical background in unix/linux system & security administration and was an active member of a honeynet project. he's currently working as a sr.security engineer at cisco systems inc (san jose hq).       he leads technical security assessments, white box and black box penetration testing of a wide variety of in-house developed web applications, web services, apis, mobile applications, embedded devices and softwares.      performs source code review of applications in c, c++, python and java.      security architecture review of production infrastructure and software, as well as embedded device architecture, communication and encryption schemes.     training of developers and security engineers on security assessments and secure coding practices. assists them in the resolution of exposed vulnerabilities.  summary of expertise -  1)  penetration testing                   -network (internal/external)                   -modern web applications (remarkable experience in manual penetration testing)                   -mobile (android/ios)                   -code review (java/c/c++/python)     -wireless (wifi/rfid)  2)  architecture analysis & threat modeling  3)  network security & hardening                  -microsoft windows (all versions)                  -unix (solaris 10/11)                  -linux (redhat/centos/ubuntu)    -deployment (ngfirewall/waf/siem/honeypots)  4)  offensive/defensive security training's                  -ethical hacking & web application security  5)  research & development                  -evasion of next-gen firewalls & apt devices                  -fuzzing (model/mutational/context based)                  -vulnerability research and exploit development for ms windows                  -malware reverse engineering (only dynamic analysis)                  -honeypots (high/low interaction)                  -ipv6 security
infosec leader, podcaster, 15 years experience understanding all facets of infosec, military veteran, mentor of dozens, gcih and gwapt holder, cissp member in good standing.      extensive experience with the pci-dss, and soc2 standards, instrumental in successful audits at a fortune 500 company.     experience with penetration testing methodologies (ptes), including doing reconnaissance, web application vulnerability assessments, scanning and enumeration     established new vulnerability management program to replace inefficient vulnerability management program at current company     knowledge of fisma best practice framework and nist 800 series documents     knowledge with audio/video editing, and studio podcast production     knowledge of hipaa/hitech compliance frameworks, as well as meaningful use requirements for hospital electronic health record systems     managed information security program at a company that conducts more than $6b usd in money transactions in a month     giac certified web application pentester (gwapt) (june 2014)     certified information systems security professional (cissp) in good standing     creation and modification of risk assessments, plan of action & milestone documents, and making enterprise-wide policies and procedures     broad knowledge of microsoft, solaris, *bsd, and linux operating systems     experience with vulnerability scanners nessus, nexpose, critical watch, retina, qualys appliances, and openvas     us navy veteran (honorable discharge)  specialties  gcih, gwapt, cissp, vulnerability management, penetration testing, podcast production, audio editing, disaster recovery, business continuity, security audits, infrastructure security, physical security assessments, network security, vendor risk assessments, osint gathering, reviewing policies and procedures
experienced, detail-oriented senior consultant used to working 100% remote, while still being an integral part of any team. comfortable in highly stressful situations while meeting customer needs, maintaining a professional attitude, and performing job duties. looking for work in an open, positive, and collaborative environment where i am able to advance my skills in the area of information assurance, vulnerability analysis, computer network exploitation (cne), and computer network attack (cna).
as a penetration tester and security researcher, i have worked with many diverse clients. i have focused on compliance, network security, and mobile device security for regional and national clients with my current employer for the past 2 years. i have been in it for over 10 years and focused on network security for the past 7 years.  specifically, i have performed pci penetration testing, pos pci compliance testing, internal and external testing, and security related architecture review. in my current role have developed a mobile application testing methodology and framework. the related policies, procedures, and testing guidelines have been integrated into the future service offerings and directly expanded my current employers service offerings and revenue streams.   having recently developed and released a penetration testing ubuntu distribution to be used on the smartphone platform, i have begun speaking at a number of security conferences. the research and development was perform over and above my workload and was released as open source and free to the community. all of my research, development, and publications have been performed under the pseudonym &quot kizz myanthia.&quot  while performing personal research and development my daily responsibilities and engagements were completed on time, within or under budget.  specialties  anti virus,  bsd,  database administration,  firewalls,  ghost,  lan,  linux,  microsoft access,  microsoft excel,  microsoft office,  microsoft outlook,  microsoft powerpoint,  microsoft windows,  microsoft word,  mysql,  network security,  networking,  norton utilities,  oracle,  postgresql,  routers,  scanners,  solaris,  sql,  ssl,  symantec packages,  tcp/ip,  unix,  utilities,  wan,
oscp, rhcsa, ccna
senior management and c-level advisor, vciso, penetration tester, security researcher/threat hunter, cyber essentials/nist assessor and specialist in helping organizations to implement and manage information security, data protection and privacy programs. i also teach the next generation of cybersecurity defenders as an adjunct professor at rose state college in their cyber program.
have obtained pci - qsa, giac / gsec, and mcse certifications.    over 20 years of experience working with enterprise, government, school district, non profit, and private sector technology systems.  very in-tune with owasp, sans, pci, nist standards.  mitigating risk via sans 20 critical controls  recent training in  sans - network penetration and ethical hacking sans - application testing and ethical hacking offensive-security - penetration testing with backtrack infosec institute's cissp program certified pci-qsa  specialties  pci auditing, pci gap assessments, information security, penetration testing, application security testing, vulnerability assessments, and wireless penetration testing, wireless intrusion detection, search engine optimization, risk mitigation, sans critical controls  tools  arcsight, metasploit framework, metasploit pro, nexpose, aruba airwave, mcafee orchestrator  nmap, nessus, kali, backtrack, openvas, burp suite, snort, wireshark
passionately curious in continued education and in pursuit of protecting organizations from the loss of intellectual property, whether from internal or external threats.
highlights of qualifications       security certifications  cissp, gsec, gcia, gccc, security+, ccna security     member of giac advisory board     member of new york metro infragard chapter     security  splunk, intrusion detection, vulnerability management, risk management, incident response, pci compliance
when requested i hack things, report about it and invoice the client. 
it professional with strong interest in web application penetration testing, ethical hacking, vulnerability analysis. hard-working, energetic, personable, and technical-minded individual. possess exceptional customer service and communication skills with the strong ability to multitask and resolve issues quickly.  currently pursuing- offensive security certified professional & suas certification
i am always thinking of ways that the rules, processes, policies and procedures can be bent and which loopholes can be jumped through to obtain a better than expected result. i enjoy tinkering with new tools and technologies that push the limits of a computer's security, causing it to succumb to weaknesses. my career goal in penetration testing and network security is to continue the constant learning that is required to keep up with the innovative developments that are being made on a daily basis.    before my time in cyber security, i worked as a certified social studies teacher in the local public school districts, where i learned to value the importance of training and constant education in any field or domain. i take pleasure in passing on my ethical hacking knowledge to others who are looking to learn any of the skills or techniques i have acquired through my time in my personal lab environment.   i have experience as a penetration tester with both the private and public sector, being employed by leidos cyber, inc and us army, which helped to improve the cyber security efforts of many companies and deploying units. my experience includes network penetration testing, as well as wireless and mobile testing. my additional experience includes competing in the us army top cyber warrior competition, and the lockheed martin national cyber analyst challenge.
break all the things, fix them, then break them again!  technical skills including  - penetration testing all the things (currently cloud) - cloud (from gke to aws to ibm cloud, kubernetes for now) - networking (firewalls from palo alto to cisco 5505's), switches and routers (pick your flavor) - desktop and server operating systems, prefer nix - web application security - pci-dss, hipaa/hitrust, iso, cobit, itil - technical writing (no nessus scan copy paste allowed)  security tools and frameworks knowledge  - nix for hax platform - metasploit framework - social engineering toolkit - nowasp mutillidae - burp suite  fun stuff! - creating skynet - nix systems - h4x0ring and whatnot - malware happy fun time - reverse engineering bad software - playing in traffic
penetration testing is my passion, discovering the truth about cybersecurity posture and utilizing my studies to discover situations we didn't know exist before the wrong people find those situations. i am very reality oriented, and normalcy bias plays no role in my vocation. i'm always adapting to new situations, proactively seeking the next threat vector, and staying ahead where others react and panic.  i believe in security in all its avenues. when others celebrate summer, i plan for winter. where others bury their faces in their smartphones on sidewalks, i'm alert to my surroundings. when others celebrate the bull market, i plan to survive and thrive in the bear market. i'm an optimist, not because i believe the sheer power of my positivity will chase away bad situations, but because i believe in my power to prepare for and thrive in any situation. to find out more, please message me.
i   ve worked with technology my entire life and couldn   t imagine focusing my efforts elsewhere. i   m an analytically minded security enthusiast with a passion for mathematics and solving complex information security problems.  i   m always looking to network with professionals and share my knowledge     always pay it forward. you   ll usually find me behind a keyboard, navigating my way through countless security forums and web sites to sharpen my skillset. security is not a spectator sport.
senior cyber security engineer with over 12 years of experience in designing, implementing, troubleshooting, testing, and protecting infrastructure within the civilian, defense, and commercial markets.
cissp oscp gxpn gpen gwapt ccna mcsa   at least at one time.   no longer feel the burning need to habitually spend the money for renewals.  decades of it experience.  over a decade with a security focus.  penetration testing to vulnerability management to risk assessments to a solid bedrock in the wrench turning skills of integration, tuning and monitoring a wide variety of security hardware and software.   (the following list is heavily sourced from my consulting days.   the list has grown since then, but am not going to list nike specific technology.  if you are a bot then you may have missed this profile.  if you are human, just imagine the list is longer.) hands on experience with the following technologies  os  all windows versions 2000+, red hat/centos/ubuntu network  cisco routing and switching, juniper and dell switching firewall  fortinet, palo alto, cisco asa, juniper ssg ips  fireeye, tipping point, sourcefire, ibm iss, juniper idp endpoint  sentinelone, carbon black, tripwire, sophos, symantec, mcafee, trend micro siem  rsa envision, q1 qradar, mcafee (nitro), splunk 2 factor  rsa securid, safenet safeword scanning/testing  burp, metasploit, nexpose, qualys, nmap, nessus, wireshark, soapui, paros waf  imperva, akamai, f5, modsecurity  vendor certifications from rapid7, rsa, paloalto, tippingpoint, mcafee, varonis, qualys and blue coat.  comptia certifications for a+, network+ and security+.  specialties   internal and external network penetration. web application and web service testing. integration of new hardware/software into existing network environments.   strong troubleshooting and researching skills. quickly learning new environments and technologies. meeting project goals either as a leader of  team, team member or as an individual contributor.
cybersecurity professional interested in appsec, iinfrastructure engineering, and secure web development
michael stringer is a network security professional specializing in attack and defense, ethical hacking, and penetration testing with over 8 years of experience in the it field. he possesses a 2 year degree in information technology with a specialization and certificate in information security, as well as a proud holder of the offensive security certified professional certification. in addition, he possesses a deep, technical understanding of computer science concepts, skills in programming, network defense, attack simulation, malicious software, and exploitation.   his extensive knowledge comes from a long background and passionate pursuit of information technology and computer science that goes beyond career or hobby. he frequently pursues bug bounty programs, as well as creates custom attack tools for simulating realistic cyber attacks in order to effectively test technical security controls in modern networks.   michael currently works as a technical expert conducting penetration testing, red team, vulnerability assessments, and other information security consulting engagements which require both technical and soft skills such as communication, writing, presenting, and instruction. he is a us army veteran of 6 years with a strong sense of discipline and self-motivation instilled by his honorable and successful military career. he continues in his career with the same level of professionalism and dedication now as did the military.   his in-depth understanding of technical security from both an offensive and defensive standpoint, as well as his ability to communicate this knowledge in meaningful ways to both technical and non-technical professionals, make him an excellent asset to any organization in the infosec space.
security engineer skilled in cloud architecture and security, penetration testing, infrastructure as code, linux system administration, information security, information assurance, vulnerability assessment and remediation.
penetration tester, oscp, caffeine addict, perpetual student.
versatile cybersecurity professional with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. experienced in mobile application, web application, and network penetration testing in addition to systems engineering. holding industry certifications including certified ethical hacker, computer hacking forensic investigator, certified network defender, security+, and android security tools expert.  strong desire to assist organizations in defending against all threat vectors.
specialties  information security       intensive web application vulnerability analysis and exploit development research.      comprehensive knowledge of web application security assessment techniques and best practices.      highly experienced with dlp security testing. able to test for ways to bypass email dlp as well as other method for sending confidential files outside of a company.      self taught with a strong desire to learn more every day.      have a great knowledge of vulnerability scanners and exploitation tools such as burp suite pro, acunetix web vulnerability scanner, ibm appscan, metasploit, armitage, sqlmap etc.  published vulnerabilities  bluethrust clan scripts v4 r17 - multiple vulnerabilities
network/network security consultant with over 20 years experience living in the kansas city missouri area. utilizing my experience and skill set to provide secure solutions to customers of all sizes.  (isc)2 cissp - certified information systems security professional  offensive security oscp - offensive security certified professional oswp - offensive security wireless professional  elearnsecurity endp - network defense professional  palo alto networks cnse  pcnse6 - palo alto networks certified security engineer  juniper jncis-sec - juniper networks certified internet specialist - security jncis-ent - juniper networks certified internet specialist - enterprise  cisco ccna - cisco certified network associate   red hat rhce - red hat certified engineer  aruba networks acmp - aruba certified mobility professional accp - aruba certified clearpass professional  brocade bcne - brocade certified network engineer bcvre - brocade certified vrouter engineer  riverbed rcsp-w - riverbed certified solutions provider - wan
thirteen years experience working in the information security industry (8 years conducting penetration tests, 4 years performing it audits, 1 year as a soc analyst). extensive knowledge using kali, metasploit, nessus, nmap, burp pro, core impact, core insight, and nexpose to perform both network, web application, and mobile application vulnerability assessments and penetration tests. well versed in exploit development using tools such as immunity debugger, sully, afl, and taof. familiar in popular frameworks, standards, and methodologies such as cobit, iso27k,  critical security controls for effective cyber defense formerly know as (sans top 20 critical security controls), nist 800-34, 800-30, 800-53 and 800-115.
a highly skilled network security analyst and instructor with expertise in planning, coordinating, analyzing, evaluating, and teaching the effectiveness of system security, infrastructure, and staffing required to accomplish department projects, operations, and objectives.
hacking on linux right now. linux is cool.
experienced penetration tester with a demonstrated history consulting with medium-sized businesses throughout the us. skilled in conducting internal, external, web app, wireless, and social engineering engagements. education includes a bs focused in computer science from university of maryland baltimore county, and is an offensive security certified professional.
information security professional and military veteran with a ts/sci security clearance and nine years of proven experience in cyber intelligence, incident response, and penetration testing. accomplished measurable results while leading teams of 5 - 60 personnel in a dynamic, fast     paced 24/7 environment. recipient of multiple awards for outstanding performance and professionalism. career supported by an active pursuit of a multiple degrees and certifications as well vast operational experience.
i am a security engineer with 15 years of varied experience in information technology and security.  my goal is to continue to contribute to strong organizations while expanding my knowledge.
innovative, assertive and goal oriented it security professional with over 10 years experience and success in testing, evaluating, documenting, and analyzing information systems to deliver cost-effective, risk mitigating, accurate, security solutions. demonstrates skills in network and operating systems analysis, understands security needs, and recommends appropriate courses of action. builds strong, sustainable relationships with clients, coworkers, and mentors. expertise spans from analysis and design to testing, implementation and customer support of effective security solutions. performs effectively under high-pressure situations. maintains highest ethical standards.
i am a senior penetration tester and security researcher with extensive commercial and blue chip penetration-testing experience. of 20 years. i was the the ceo of red cell infosec i am very well known in my field for my work with windows  i have been a speaker at several defcon conferences on windows security and networking.  i have authored several penetration testing and ethical hacking tools. this can be found on many of the top security tools sites such as packet storm and lostlight.net  i was the first person to break the registry encryption on ms netbeui shared folders and network resources for win 95/98  i have an extremely deep and solid understanding of application and network security. i have extensive experience in testing banking and financial institutions with running both proprietary operating systems and web-facing applications as well as existing well-known commercial technologies  extensive background in physcial penetration testing i have made many contributions to the field of computer security in my free time. the most recent was volunteering my time as a red team attacking member for the pacific rim regional collegiate cyber defense competition sponsored by the center for information assurance & cyber security, university of washington on the microsoft campus in 2008 &2011   goggle for  mrmojo defcon hacker  for more information   specialties   cloud penetration testing and security  physical penetration testing network penetration testing  mobile application testing 802-11 wireless assessments targeted social attacking (phishing / social engineering) ids penetration testing web application security assessments information disclosure testing osint
environmental and threat analysis | putting threat and risk into business perspective | helping translate the latest headlines into understandable potential business impacts ||  i'm a voracious learner, an all-around analytic critical thinker, and interested in many areas of information technology, especially the advances in artificial intelligence.  i'm very aware of how critical a role information technology has come to play in the business world and how integral it has become to people in their personal lives. i am also fascinated by how advances in fields like virtual reality and artificial intelligence influence and change society and the human condition. as the influence of information technology expands, so does the importance of proper information security. protecting data and especially personal data is a daunting challenge, and i want to make it simpler to understand the risks and ramifications associated with security and properly protecting information. people have enough to deal with in their every day lives without having to try to keep up with the latest news and buzzwords on infosec and what new threats are looming on the horizon...   i go through life with a paranoid mind, so that others don't have to.
.
todays threat-landscape and the complexity of the ttp used to attack our computing infrastructures, requires vast and complex resources to defend against such attacks, where detection and recovery from the negative business-impact of such attacks, have been proven, if not impossible but to be extremely expensive in terms of labor and financial cost.  defending against advanced persistent threats (apt) and many other forms of malware, requires experts with knowledge and expertise in wide-range of information security domains.  in the last 20 years of my career, i have worked in different information technology and security domains, where the deep technical insight into the major computing technologies has helped me to build a strong background in understanding the nature and mechanics of the security threats we are up against.  my most recent activities include   1- secure code review following owasp guidelines, web-app vulnerability assessment (burp pro), risk assessment, and mitigation planning.   2-sqlalchemy, business logic analysis for efficiency and security gaps against owasp-top 10 list of vulnerabilities (2007-2017).  2- development of a c++ multithreaded project for a sensor simulator in a lab environment.  3- forensic evidence carving from encase image file, using tsk, and decrypting efs files simulating the suspect's raw image.  4- and  more ...
offensive security certified professional
current us secret clearance current nato secret clearance
doing things in information security field. bs in cyber security and information assurance at wgu.  i take certification exams for kicks. comptia a+, network+ and security+ certified defense analyst with an understanding of the tcp/ip and osi reference models along with network and security fundamentals.  experience in setting up a home ssh server for remote login, configuring firewall rulesets with iptables and fail2ban. these rulesets rate-limit connection attempts and drop incoming packets when hit aggressively by network scanners. excessive login attempts block originating ip addresses. the server is configured for key-pair authentication, further eliminating the effectiveness of password-based attacks. this ssh server contains informational pages and text documents i've gathered or compiled for sharing and contribution by a handful of trusted friends as well as a private irc hosted on a separate laptop running ubuntu server.  i also enjoy playing on hackthebox and overthewire.
bennett warner is an experienced professional in the software and infosec field. as of mid 2019 bennett joined a-lign as a penetration tester. prior to this he worked as a software developer for the federal government as well as having spent six years as a network solution engineer with applied video technology. with applied video, he engineered and developed a variety of highly-scalable vod and live video encoding / distribution projects. he was also responsible for management of cloud based and physical server fleets. bennett is a graduate of west chester university's computer science / cybersecurity program. outside his professional work, bennett enjoys performing research in the infosec field and spending time with his fianc  e & german shepard.
the first aim of any computing discipline is to solve problems which is what i do. i am a problem solver
i am a cyber security researcher who loves solving problems and learning about new technology. strong in assessing cyber risk for large organizations with on-premises, cloud, defensive technologies like microsoft azure, azure ad, fireeye hx, microsoft windows, microsoft active directory, and linux. currently, having fun developing new skillsets like data science, machine learning, and deep learning, in that order, for application in cybersecurity.  proficient in the following programming languages  c#   powershell   golang. love working with network defense, blue teams like threat hunters to better detect adversarial actions, strengthening security for our environments. purple team, the merger of defensive and offensive cybersecurity expertise, is my current passion.
college graduate with 8 years of combined it and it security jobs with my latest adventure being mobile pentesting. i enjoy security and the idea of protecting the company from any sort of attack that could happen. i also volunteer for the michigan cyber civilian corp, that is a group of all over the state of michigan who are prepare to help the state in the event of a cyber attack. lastly i earned my l1 crossfit trainer certification which has taught me group management and how to convey information to variety of different people.
aaron sanderson has over 25 years of it experience in the educational, defense, government and private sectors.  aaron's background in computer networking began in 1993 when working as an it services assistant over the summer helping his school district deploy internet access to libraries and classrooms. this led to him filling the same role while attending college  between 1994 and 1998 he was able to grow the campus network from four windows 3.11 systems sharing a printer to a campus area network of 500 network drops across six buildings served by windows nt 4.0 and linux servers.  since leaving college in 1998, aaron has worked in a range of it and support roles in the industry with a focus on security during 14 years with symantec and two years as a dod penetration tester performing assessments of military systems.   an all-source intelligence sergeant with the army national guard and reserve with four years of active duty time, aaron also possesses a dod clearance.
deep passion for software exploitation and weird machine.  interest includes  - web application security - mobile application security - embedded device security - binary analysis and reverse engineering - memory corruption - attack vector obfuscation
hello! my name is andy chiang and i am third-year undergraduate student enrolled at california state polytechnic university, pomona. i am majoring in computer information systems with a focus in information security. i am interested in finding internships, jobs, and experience in the field of information security.
as someone with a lifelong love of technology, progressing into the professional sphere of it and information security is something that came naturally and with enthusiasm. every day is a chance to not only learn something new, but to make clients feel more at ease with the technicalities and success of their infrastructure and contribute to the success of my team, company, and customers. i enjoy working individually and accomplishing goals on my own just as fully as i do seeing my team succeed in the same, and am skilled at managing goals and objectives in both atmospheres. self-motivated and experienced in a broad variety of technologies, i always bring my best to the roles i fulfill.  specialties include  windows server administration, connectwise automate, information security, virtualization, active directory, dns, microsoft office 365, group policy, end-user security training, positive communication, and the continuous pursuit of new skills.
i have experience building, designing, hardening and maintaining linux/unix systems and windows servers.  additional responsibilities have included creating, installing, cloning, etc. of systems and their continued maintenance and troubleshooting via stand-alone platforms and virtual platforms such as esxi and ibm   s vios.  i have been a san switch administrator which included the configuring, zoning and maintenance of san switches.  my roles also included configuring, maintaining and troubleshooting layer 2 infrastructures on cisco cat, ios and nexus switches and wan technologies on juniper and cisco devices.  previous duties included hardening of unix, linux and windows servers from vulnerabilities, controlling access to specific servers and/or applications on servers, access control on networks, patching and/or finding other solutions to mitigate risks, developing security frameworks for hardening servers and penetration testing web servers.  specialties       installing/configuring/maintaining unix/linux systems    vmware build-outs      nmap      tcpdump/wireshark      unix/linux shell scripting     active directory     ldap     microsoft dns and remote desktop services     security+     cisco certified network associate     juniper     fluent in spanish (speaking/writing/reading)
i have a vested interested and passion for information security.  working over 14 years in the field i love to push myself the hardest looking to understand and dig deeper when it comes to advancing and improving the field of information security.  i'm very interested in anything that would allow me to push the skills i have acquired over the years in security to learn cool and new ways to secure data networks.  i have worked with many companies to help them with their risk management and vulnerability management programs. my goal is to secure companies by educating them on the methods used by attackers, identifying vulnerabilities, and helping them mitigate issues through appropriate security controls. i have created and taught many customized training classes for employees looking to advance their career and skill sets. some of the examples of custom training solutions i have taught for companies are in the fields of network management, end-user security, penetration testing, incident response and digital forensics. i also do a lot with sharepoint and office 365 and have become a big advocate for product development with a big focus now on office 365 adoption within organizations to help make employees with collaboration projects requirements become more successful.
self-motivated,willing and able to learn new systems and adapt with changing corporate environments.  creative, results-driven professional committed to pursuing a long term career in penetration testing or network security  engineering.
herman cowart, born november 24 1989, is a senior penetration tester for iron vine security. previously, he was in the positions of information technology department manager, engineering team lead, and technical instructor for csra as well as a technical instructor for tcs. herman had the honor to serve in the united states army, performing various duties within the information technology and communications fields.  throughout herman's entire life, computers have been a critical component in making herman the person he is today. since childhood, herman has either played, broken, and/or fixed computer systems. as an adult, herman now has over 10 years of professional experience.  in herman's mid/late 20's, he started, the one thing he loves more than computers, a family. herman believes that technology will be a significant part in the lives of his 3 brilliant boys. he wishes to instill them with as much knowledge as he can about computer systems.  skills/interests  javascript, nodejs, reactjs, angularjs, python, c, c#, hacking/penetration testing  hobbies  gardening, star gazing, playing video games, game development, random programming projects  herman breaks the fourth wall  i love everything about computers. i could not imagine a world without them. i love to learn any and everything about computers. if there is anything i do not know today, ask me tomorrow and i will have the answer.
i am a senior consultant / penetration tester with halock security labs
information security professional.  oscp | gpen | crest crt | ccna r&s | giac advisory board
i am a cyber security consultant and interested in-  application security network security reverse engineering and exploitation pentest and vulnerability assessment digital forensics cryptography ctfs   technical skills  application security tools   windbg, gdb, ollydbg, ida pro, burp, objdump, curl, sql ninja, sql map network security tools   metasploit, wireshark, nmap, nessus, netcat, armitage, tcp dump wifi hacking tools   airodump, aircrack-ng forensics tools   autopsy, volatility, bulk extractor, linux dd, scalpel, foremost, hxd embedded device and firmware hacking   bus pirate, binwalk, firmware-mod-kit passwork cracking   john the ripper, hashcat, hydra, hash identifier programming languages & databases   java, python, c, c++, matlab, octave, assembly, php, css, jscript, repy, mysql, oracle. operating system   windows, ubuntu, backtrack, kali linux, mac os
with expertise leading product strategy, customer support initiatives, and project management, i maximize revenue capabilities by driving product development aligned with current trends and emerging markets. i facilitate client interactions that accelerate results providing innovative customer solutions.      user first, i optimize business growth, enhance customer interactions, determine product strategy, and prioritize features to bring customer value.       security expert, with comprehensive understanding of cross-platform fingerprinting. solid knowledge of authentication protocols including oauth 2.0 & openid  encryption technologies including rsa & aes.      privacy evangelist, with expertise in developing amnesic systems that put users' interests first. strong understanding of differential privacy and zero-knowledge protocols.      technical, i work closely with engineering teams to drive technical implementation.      agile driven, defining the product roadmap and supporting metrics within cross-functional teams, i provide customer satisfaction and increase the client base.  my accomplishments illustrate my ability to deliver organizational wins across the board       as a public policy leader, i was selected as one of 16 speakers out of 200+ industry experts to speak about the security and privacy of consumer technology at the federal trade commission (ftc).       my works have been supported by the national science foundation (nsf), google, and palantir technologies.      i spearheaded the development of purrivacy, a b2b platform as a service (paas). achieved 110% of annual start-up goals within six months.       i drove revenue capabilities and onboarded 65+ new businesses through devising a solid product roadmap and create    pro privacy        providing innovative privacy solutions for businesses.  i am always happy to lend my product vision and strategy to exciting new initiatives, and i look forward to connecting with you.
a results-oriented information security professional specializing in network penetration testing equipped with extensive experience in security data analysis, network segmentation, network vulnerability management, vulnerability and penetration test reporting, physical security testing, ethical hacking, process and procedure improvement, and incident analysis.  leverages excellent leadership, communication, and interpersonal skills to strengthen team rapport and improve testing and reporting processes to increase productivity.  a highly analytical and forward-thinking problem solver who identifies collaborative opportunities and understands tactical and strategic objectives to drive results.
most people waste their entire life doing the bare minimum to just earn a paycheck. those people dream of success, while only the rare few get up every morning to actually make it happen. the roman empire started with just a single brick. think of what you could create if you simply create a plan and execute.
a highly motivated and driven person who seeks to help others with the skills that i acquire. a true passion for teaching and writing. i have many interests and talents that are sure to add to the bottom line of any company i work for.  specialties  project management experience overseeing software developers website management experience content development experience certified technical trainer (ctt+) microsoft certified application developer (mcad) in .net  awareness of cultural differences in educating and motivating individuals regardless of age
information technology auditor/penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in security, penetration testing, powershell, and python. recent college graduate with a bachelor's of science focused in cyber security from illinois state university.
15+ years of experience as a penetration tester and  security researcher, specializing in vulnerability assessments and risk mitigation.  specialized penetration testing of web applications, embedded and device interfacing software, portal systems, network manipulation, osint, voip and mobile devices. proficient in shell, python and php scripting, as well as practical knowledge and experience testing most modern programming languages.
experienced penetration tester, cybersecurity consultant, systems administrator & devops engineer with over 15 years of experience in the it & computer security industry. excellent reputation for producing high-quality it work by applying determination and attention to detail. performance- oriented and enterprising leader with organized nature and analytical problem-solving approach.
experienced penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in iso 27001, vulnerability management, vulnerability assessment, networking, and computer security. strong information technology professional with a doctor of management focused in information technology from university of phoenix.
georgia gwinnett college graduate in information security.  security is my passion and i enjoy sharing it with people around me.  hacking isn't a skill, its a lifestyle.  i love finding new and unexpected ways to break things.  if i do my job right you'll be saying  i'm glad he's on our side .
cissp and ceh certified us marine veteran with over 10 years of transferable work experience in the information technology/assurance and project management. offering an array of critical skills in network/systems security implementation, and written/verbal communication skills. proven track record of working both independently and as a member of a team in austere and isolated work environments while performing high level troubleshooting, diagnostics for networking  problems and  troubleshoot/problem solve with limited resources available.
computer & network engineer with excellent knowledge of computer parts (pc-mac) repair/installation, network design - configuration - implementation , with 9 years of total experience. 4 years in computer network operator/administrator based on windows and ibm/as400 platforms. 5 years as computer repair technician. well based knowledge in computer network fundamentals. owner of silver - gold - app (apple product professional) certificates and recently authorized apple product technician. team player , open minded to new ideas and new technology upgrades that could help the company and the operations of each company to expand.
jose is a security consultant specializing in network penetration. jose has a keen interest in the following subjects       network security and administration     ics/scada/iot security assessments     network penetration testing      red team assessments     vulnerability discovery
wearer of hats! penetration tester, information security engineer, systems engineer, code wrangler.
i'm a highly specialized medical practitioner who is shifting focus towards the it field, with a strong interest in information security, specifically penetration testing and offensive security. currently freelancing/consulting in several areas of infosec, including penetration testing, application vulnerability assessments, network vulnerability assessments, and network and wireless security as well as sec compliance and fedramp preparation. i'm searching for a position that will enable me to use my strong leadership, communication and organizational skills, technical background, and ability to work with others in the information security field.
highly qualified cyber security consultant  demonstrated success in penetration testing, enterprise-wide vulnerability management and computer system/network administration. proven expertise and strong ability to identify security gaps and maximize productivity.  my philosophy is that the key to happiness is balancing four main areas  health, wealth/career, relationships and spirituality. there is no final destination in life, it is a constant journey!
a highly technical u.s. navy veteran with years of experience who is looking to provide added value by contributing both military and civilian education and experience in a cyber-security network role. a quick-thinking individual with a proven history of engineering and implementing creative software solutions in environments with limited resources which reduced upper management decision making time by 75%, along with cost, and man-hours. was responsible for over 300 secured network security solutions, 25 network repairs, and 2,000 hours    utilization of microsoft office suite.  ts/sci clearance - inactive
i have more then 6 years of experience in various domains such as web application security testing, vulnerability assessment, penetration testing and generating reports using tools.  currently working as security analyst in ibm security & risk management team design, & integration experience on security information and event management solutions(siem) background/understanding of software development lifecycle. excellent communication skills with proven abilities in resolving complex networking, hardware & software related issues. proficient in linux operating system configuration, utilities and programming extensive knowledge of hardware, software, and networking technologies to provide a powerful combination of analysis, implementation, and support. managed the cycle of project continuity, reviewed the technical work of team, and ensured the quality of service deliverable. skilled in customer relation, business requirement gathering and threat modeling. organize meetings and reviews. provide consultative support with implementation of remediation steps, standards, and best practices.
dedicated cybersecurity professional with proven experience in - penetration testing - vulnerability assessment - information security - cybersecurity evaluations - risk assessment - risk management policy development - bridging the communications gap between the it shop and the c-suite
technical summary  information security      vulnerability scanning, penetration testing, access control & authentication technologies, cryptography, physical/operational security, attack strategies/defense, vpn/remote access security, system hardening, data loss prevention technologies/policies  hardware      lan/wan hardware  routers, switches, firewalls, ids/ips devices, bridges, nics, wireless     desktop/laptop/server hardware     storage devices  raid, nas, solid state drives       extensive experience with installation/maintenance of wired & wireless home networks  software  windows 10/8/7/2000/nt/xp, windows server 2008, linux, tcp/ip, vmware vsphere & workstation, microsoft office,  norton & mccafee anti-virus, mcafee epolicy orchestrator, qualysguard, nessus, openvas, android.   programming languages  lua, powershell, bash scripts, python  additional relevant technical experience      hardware installation, configuration, maintenance and troubleshooting     the tcp/ip protocol suite including ip addressing, subnetting and dynamic routing     configure tcp/ip using wins, dns, dhcp     install and configure windows workstation and server      understanding of routing and switching technologies     administration of multiprotocol networks     user account administration and domain management     active directory system and security     pki implementation     remote access technologies     vulnerability scanning with qualysguard, nessus, openvas, nexpose
expert and master in offensive & defense  ceh, ecsa, lpt, case.net,cnd,chfi, case.java,  and ewaptx certify, which i use the owasp top 10 and the nist for my pen testing. my testing technique  are       security analysis and penetration testing methodology     tcp ip packet analysis     pre-penetration testing steps     information gathering methodology     external network penetration testing methodology     internal network penetration testing methodology     performing firewall penetration testing methodology     able to detect a ids penetration testing methodology     web application penetration testing methodology     database penetration testing methodology     mobile device penetration testing methodology     cloud penetration testing methodology     able to write a report writing
cybersecurity, strategy creation and development, risk analysis, software design and development, penetration testing, industrial control systems, and exploit research.  member of the university of maryland university college competitive red/blue cybersecurity team  the cyber padawans.
i am a highly motivated, results-oriented information information technology system/security engineer with 16+ years of demonstrated experience in designing, delivering, supporting, and securing it systems and services.
experienced cyber security professional with a demonstrated history of working in multiple industries.
specialties  project management, process improvement, software design & development, coding, web security, application security, systems implementation, systems integration, it auditing, it controls, general computer controls, sas70, data modeling, data analysis, data cleansing, migration, web design, web development, e-learning, learning management systems, marketing, seo
information systems security professional with over 12 years of experience in a variety of secure networked environments. versatile team player with excellent communication skills and the ability to interface at all levels. proven ability to manage all phases of project lifecycle.  specialities  vulnerability assessment and penetration testing, network/security engineering
industry pioneer for implementation of achilles practice certification pcd/ics offshore technology cyber security for rig fleet. innovative and decisive it/ics operations professional with 11+ years    experience of managing it & ics network infrastructures, ot/pcd/ics/it cyber security based on (wib/iec 62443  nist 800-53, iso2700(1&2)), and operational risk management within the corporate & ics network environments.  demonstrated success in team leadership, execution, strategic planning, stakeholdering, communication, budget management, and architecture design. specialized in cyber security, enterprise telecommunications, network engineering design, ics/scada/ot security, it risk management, incident response, local and virtual remote team management.  team leader who mentors with purpose and fosters strong working relationships to create great teams and exceptional results.
my career has been focused primarily on information security since 2010. prior to that i held various information technology related positions both as an independent consultant and as a staff member at western kentucky university in bowling green, kentucky.   as an information security analyst for a large federal government contractor, i performed network traffic analysis and reporting for a diverse range of networks located throughout the u.s. and overseas. this position included a review of near real-time traffic that was being aggregated from networks to which i was assigned. this position also required threat research in order to gather intelligence that could then be used to improve analysis of current and future network traffic, as well as to allow for the review of historical network traffic to highlight activity that may not have been identified previously.   my current focus is on assisting organizations of all sizes who are attempting to meet security and compliance goals through penetration testing, vulnerability assessments, and other information security related exercises.   i currently hold the following certifications  cissp, gxpn, gpen, gwapt, gcia, and pcip  specialties  network penetration testing, web application penetration testing, vulnerability assessments, wireless network assessments, and firewall configuration review.
i am a computer engineer looking to hone my skills to help people and create a safer and more just world.
i am a huge tech lover who doubles as a social impact driver. i have spent my last couple years as a cyber defense engineer, and now work as a penetration tester / ethical hacker. i enjoy being able to merge my love for finding & solving problems through tech with my love for understanding people.   i have a passion for technologies that impact the way our society functions as well as process improvement and strategy within organizations. other areas of interest include open source integration and mechanical optimization. at my core, i bring passion to everything that i do and enjoy when i get the opportunity to share that passion with others.   in my free time, i find ways to give back to my community with a focus on exposing students from low income backgrounds to stem and coaching youth sports. i am a strong believer in the fact that    i'm not saying i'm going to change the world, but i guarantee that i will spark the brain that will       
experienced cyber security supervisor with a demonstrated history in cyber security and information technology industries. skilled in penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, risk management framework for dod and federal entities.
jon david is a seasoned information security professional with over 9 years of experience in the information security industry. he has worked with both government and private sector clients in leading penetration testing engagements and technical assessments in helping clients to improve their security defenses.
senior penetration tester / senior security engineer with a master's in information security & assurance  certifications include oswe, osce, oscp, gpen, oswp, ceh, chfi, and ccent.  member of the giac (sans) advisory board.
an experienced it/ia professional and manager with a wide breadth of knowledge and experience with both commercial based server/application hosting and dod systems security, accreditation and administration.  specialties  information assurance     systems security     dod system certification and accreditation     trusted computing and multilevel security     personnel management     it management     process and procedure design and efficiency     solaris/linux/aix systems administration     systems automation     disaster recovery/business continuity
i am looking for cyber security work to leverage security penetration tester in-depth training with experiences in technical support, software build, test & implementation to conduct formal vulnerability assessments & penetration tests of networks, infrastructure, web applications and to monitor, to assist in risk identification & validation and to protect them from attack.  life for me in information technology started as a liaison, a listener and then a programmer, a developer.  i listened and talked with customers, often face to face, in the process of gathering requirements.  use cases and test cases are created  source codes are written  eventually the software meets the requirements and passes quality and security governances are released.    i have been part of a technical teams who were engaged in helping and supporting companies in ensuring stability, maintaining high availability and improving the performance of their information systems and thus help meet their customers' expectations and goals.    i have actively worked in network support engineering, production support, software configuration, release management, quality assurance analysis and testing capacity for a financial service, a telecommunication and a health insurance company.  expediency and transparency are attributes i make in my collaboration with stakeholders.  i am active in toastmasters, a self-improvement program, where i mentor others to improve their communication and interpersonal skills as i was mentored.  in toastmasters or at the work place, i find fulfillment in helping and seeing others reach their goals.  i want to work for someone who respects my ability to adapt to changes in work environment, to juggle and manage competing tasks and demands, to deal with unexpected events and to get the expected resolution.
i am a dedicated professional with 20+ years experience in the software development/testing and linux administration fields. i have an extensive background in different areas of computer engineering thus i am versatile when it comes to solving problems. i am accustomed to thinking outside the box and have always tried to come up with new ideas to overcome obstacles. i am passionate about technology and always trying to find new ways of using technology to improve efficiency.
experienced security engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in information security, amazon web services (aws), and agile methodologies. strong information technology professional with a master's degree focused in cybersecurity and information assurance.
proficient and meticulous cybersecurity engineer with 10 years of experience and a deep understanding of information technology and information systems security. a certified information systems security professional (cissp) and certified ethical hacker (ceh) with an extensive penetration testing, acas knowledge base, and exploitation tools experience and a rich understanding of national institute of standards and technology (nist) 800 series frameworks. a proven, quality driven, results oriented leader capable of leading in small and large team environments.
i specialize in red teaming and creating security products for macos and ios. my programming skill set includes javascript and swift.
senior penetration tester -   certifications  oscp, gwapt, gmon, cpte, cisa, et.al.
lead author of  hacking exposed  industrial control systems , founder/ceo of threatgen, designer & producer of threatgen red vs. blue, 23+ years experience as a professional cybersecurity researcher, risk analyst, penetration tester, and developer (15+ years specialized in ics/scada cybersecurity).
penetration tester | gpen | gwapt | red team | blue team | incident response
motivated it professional looking to grow and continue to learn and challenge myself and share my knowledge with others to make the world a better place.  currently studying for ctia,oca java se 8, case java, rhcsa, cissp, and cism  certifications.
chris foster is freelance security consultant/penetration tester with over 20 years of experience as an it security professional covering diverse platforms and security issues. he possesses a wide range of skills and experiences that enable him to perform in multiple roles. mr. foster   s security experience is comprised of working with government and commercial organizations on their information security risk management programs through business security assessments as well as technical vulnerability assessment and application assessment projects and strategies. his main area of expertise is in social engineering, application and wired/wireless network penetration assessments. during his career, he served as a penetration tester for microsoft   s red team to perform the microsoft windows vista final security review. this review was one of the largest single focus security audits ever performed.  specialties  penetration testing
it incident response | security analyst | penetration testing | malware research | hack the box - guru | lover of knowledge!
   offering more than 10 years of professional it management experience in technical solutions to endorse the achievement of corporate objectives.    extensive experience in managing relationships in corporate environments to support and promote technical direction and solutions.      strong technical skills, with ability to develop, challenge, and adapt.      excellent analytical, organizational, and communications skills.     ability to develop and maintain relationships with general public, media contacts, community/military leaders, healthcare professionals, local residents, agency representatives and non-profit organizations.    previously held a dod clearance.
spring semester 2019, i studied java at the city college of san francisco which lead me to my summer internship at ytel where i used java, cassandra/scyla, and spring to create the one time password endpoint for ytel's api. along with developing the endpoint, i created the two factor application which uses the otp endpoint that will send the user a six-digit password via sms.  i am studying network security and python this spring semester in order to pursue my passion for cybersecurity and backend software development.
my experience ranges from heterogeneous operating system environments and the subsequent administration of these systems to advanced network trouble-shooting and, of course, the security of everything in between. experienced information assurance manager and network security vulnerability technician with a well-balanced combination of high-level managerial/project management experience and low-level technical  know-how . from a technical stand-point, i have repaired or hardened/secured everything under the sun ranging from mission-critical classified networks to the advanced networked avionics systems on-board the e-2c hawk-eye aircraft as well as various uhf and shf satellite communications (satcom) systems. specialties  network security, cyber security, digital forensics, evidence processing, incident response and reporting, internal/external threat mitigation, information assurance management, access control, ekms specialist , (comsec) key management , nsa / dod encryption systems, patch/change management, public key infrastructure (pki), rf technician specializing in shf x-band communications. disaster recovery, regulatory compliance to include dod (dodd/dodi) as well as industry standard (iso 27000 series bs 17799).
experienced support engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in python (programming language), c++, ethical hacking, security consulting, and test cases. strong information technology professional with a cerification focused in cyber security from elearnsecurity.
    skilled professional with over 15 years of experience within the fields of penetration testing/ethical hacking, network security, intrusion detection, and computer forensics.     over 350 hours of training in ethical hacking, computer forensics, intrusion analysis and investigations.     diverse technical skills in numerous disciplines including unix and microsoft operating systems.     bsc. in business management / information systems as well as a bsc. in computer science.
experienced information technology consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology & services industry. skilled in information security, business, switches, technical support, and network administration. strong information technology professional with a herbal extract specialist certification from the michigan institute of natural health.
i am highly motivated and i work well in a group setting, and i can take charge and lead groups of all sizes.  i have proven myself as an asset and a leader at every level.  my technical skills have been recognized at multiple levels.  as a recent air force retiree i have had an opportunity to prove myself in the dod contracting world as a senior cyber security engineer.
manage implementation and support of secure, high-availability it and data center operations. results-focused and experienced it manager adept at leading technology operations and solutions development to support business objectives. drive strategic and tactical planning to continually improve system, network, and application performance. define, test, and maintain comprehensive disaster recovery and business continuity plans. talent for assimilating new information and resolving complex issues effectively. oversee compliance with sec, hipaa, ssae-16, and pci regulatory requirements, internal controls, and itil best practices. highlights of expertise       strategic technology planning     life cycle project management     team leadership/mentoring     regulatory compliance     information security solutions     itil service management practices     network infrastructure architecture     disaster recovery/co-location     system & application integration     continuous improvements
technical summary   platforms  windows 7/8/8.1/10,  linux (red hat, ubuntu kali, tails, fedora, debian), mac os,               android, windows server 2012 r2, apache, iis.  networking  lan / wan administration, vpn, tcp/ip, novell, secureid, cisco routers & switches, cisco acs , asdm-idm juniper switches, voip languages  c, c++, python, html/html 5, java, javascript, mysql, assembly (verilog)  tools  metasploit, openvas, core impact, nessus nmap, tcpdump, owasp tools, wireshark, encase forensics, ftk, ms powershell, symantec endpoint protection, vmware, vsphere, ixia breakingpoint, ixload
experienced chief executive officer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. strong entrepreneurship professional skilled in search engine optimization (seo), computer repair, microsoft word, sales, and dns administration.
information security professional with more than 7 years of information security experience, primarily as a security consultant specializing in application, network, and wireless penetration tests, information security/it audits, social engineering, vulnerability assessments, and risk management.  experience working in various fields across several organizations, primarily in the financial technology industry, to provide professional client services as well as contribute to the information security posture internally at the corporate level.
- vulnerability assessments - network penetration testing - compliance audits (pci dss, hipaa) - information assurance professional - cyber security and computer network operations training - cyber security consultant - us navy senior chief, ctncs(ret.) - national security agency red team experience - cissp
ashley shirley is a information security specialist with experience in risk and vulnerability assessments, incident detection and response, advising on information security vulnerabilities, response, and remediation, vulnerability analysis and security assessments. ashley graduated anne arundel community college with an a.a.s. in information assurance and cybersecurity.
pentester
penetration tester at rhino security labs.
currently available to all professions related to malware research or penetration testing.   highly proficient in mobile/android platform .
passionate cyber security engineer, soc lead, and threat hunter with a hands on experience in all areas of threat management. in my past role i participated in the building, and operating of a $40m global security operations program including the monitoring and incident response from network edge to endpoint for a $43b global fortune 100 company. currently i am pursuing and training in my area i am most passionate about    threat management     data mining (threat hunting), auditing configurations, soc lead (incident response), vulnerability management.  specific expertise in  incident response, threat intelligence, network security, infrastructure, data protection, managed security service programs (mssp), firewall hardening, f5 big-ip application delivery controller (adc) technology, network forensics hunting and investigations, uncovering and remediating global outbreaks of malware, ecrime countermeasures and pentesting.
i am a dedicated worker with a passion for cyber security. i have been obsessed with it my whole life and have devoted numerous years to my studies. my objective is to progress positively in academia and continue to educate myself on the fascinating field of information security whilst learning the professional side of the industry and providing top-notch service to clientele.
securing products via proof-of-concept, emulation and collective validations.  technically leading, teaching, and learning how to efficiently motivate all levels of cybersecurity engineers to work together, cohesively and with the ultimate goal of finding a different path to finish the task at hand.
cybersecurity professional
penetration tester  performed risk assessments to ensure corporate compliance conducted security event monitoring for corporate wide in-scope applications performed application security and penetration testing using nessus. created written reports, detailing assessment findings and recommendations. writing custom scripts using python for enumeration and exploiting. using responder and ntlmrelayx.py for windows-based networks. using burp suite for scanning, repeater, intruder, session handling rules and macros.  it system administrator  experience in active directory server, adding new profiles in the domains setting permissions and sharing security in active directory setting new user accounts in active directory setting new workstations for the new users computers, voip phones, headsets. installing fresh os like windows, linux and mac. installing and adding new email account within the email server and outlook. adding pop3 and imap accounts and putting some restricted incoming and outgoing ports email server troubleshooting hardware and software problems. maintaining all the printers replacing toners, fusers and cartridges. updating the user systems.  linux proficient. windows 2003 to windows 7 proficient. customer service technical support experience in graphics designing (flash and photoshop), and internet application experience in visual basic, flash, and java programming. installing security video system. cabling experience.(cat5     cat6) windows office 2003 to 2010 proficient. cisco certified network associate (ccna) with vast experience in network management and support in-depth knowledge of cisco routing and switching technologies skilled in cisco ios network configuration and network troubleshooting proficient with routers, switches, network security devices, protocol analyzers , and tcp/ip familiarity with cisco network systems and networking principles and practices strong planning and organization skills
i am a results-driven cyber security consultant with a track record of delivering complex and challenging projects on time and on budget.  i   ve worked as a penetration tester, network security engineer, security solutions architect, soc analyst, system administrator and sales engineer for both public and private organizations.  my deep security-focused skillset and business acumen enable me to effectively assess vulnerabilities and drive the change necessary to defend against the most advanced, persistent threat actors.
well rounded cyber security professional with over twenty years of professional experience in both government and major telecom sectors.  i currently specialize in cyber incident response/handling, digital forensics, malware analysis and penetration testing.
i am a huge people-person and have spent several years in the it security realm. my passion is penetration testing. there is nothing greater than finding a weakness in a system that leads to a reverse shell after hours of testing the perimeter of a network.   i am always striving to better myself and always trying to improve my skill-set to make myself a well rounded player in the security field. i believe in contributing to the security community with new security findings and helping others learn as well. working as a team is important to me.   i love meeting new people and learning new things, so please feel free to say hello and share a story with me.
a leader with technical chops.
experienced penetration testing/red teaming professional with a demonstrated history of working in the commercial, defense & space industries. skilled in python, scripting, offensive/defensive operations and tactics in windows and linux environments. holds a bachelors in computer science with a minor in cyber security. currently holds an active top secret/sci clearance.
information security consultant with experience in penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, infosec curriculum development, and network defense. currently working primarily as a penetration tester performing network, application, and wireless penetration tests.
i am an extremely dedicated senior information security professional who's infatuated with constantly learning new skills and improving. in additional to application security i am really knowledgeable in most of the other major security domains such as risk management, penetration testing, incident response, malware analysis, exploit development and software engineering.  my distinguishing factor is passion!  all my goals and accomplishments are grounded by this love and obsession for information security! i am very active in the cyber landscape. everyday i try as hard a i can to contribute and advance our profession. i will never miss an opportunity to do so! self motivation and introspection is what i live by.  the quest and desire to understand all facets of security along with the fascination with learning new things is what fuels me, not personal advancement. the journey is what really makes you, not arriving at the destination. it's actually a somber feeling obtaining the cert because you know it's officially over. i constantly and consistently push myself and have yet to find a breaking point.   areas of expertise       application security program construction      secure sdlc      penetration testing  (web applications,   infrastructures, wireless, physical)     secure coding     security assessments      vulnerability research      source code analysis      scripting   skill set      application security testing      vulnerability management      threat hunting     exploit research     malware analysis      red team operations  
i am a computer security and it enthusiast who has a passion for keeping networks secure and staying on top of technology.
gwapt, c|eh, activist, elephant enthusiast
i love this industry.
to achieve an aspiring and earnest position which utilizes my experience and abilities.
i am passionate about information security. not only is security my career focus but it   s my hobby. i absolutely love my job.  in my previous role as director of penetration testing i led efforts on matters of information security consulting. the gamut stretched from developing test plans for fortune 100 companies to competing in  bake-offs  to win business against other top tier consulting vendors.   in my current role i serve as the director of our application security engineers and technical operations. this means i am an extension of (and advisor to) over 300+ security programs across many industry verticals. under my direction, my team has triaged over 15,000 vulnerabilities this year alone. we also strive to keep the relationship between vulnerability researcher and customer a good one.  personally, i love being in the trenches and performing actual assessments, but i am also adept at handling clients, architecting solutions, designing services, improving business processes, managing technical consultants, training, technical writing, marketing, and delivering solutions. while my strengths are web, network/infrastructural, and mobile assessments, i have personally performed a myriad of other services and implemented them for a consultancy as a deliverable (mainframe, wireless, cloud assessment, database, osint, apt simulation, binary reversing, and static code analysis).  in my free time, i write for several information security publications and am a semi-regular capture the flag player.  while i never call myself a  master  of anything, i do have a very particular set of skills  skills i have acquired over a very long career. these skills make me adept at getting business, finding security vulnerabilities, and eventually leading a customer to a better security posture.
a pen tester with experience of penetration testing on various applications in different domains like business financial services, retail and telecom.  performs security testing (both automation and manual) on critical client applications and systems in order to identify security vulnerabilities in a systematic manner.  experience in vulnerability assessments and penetration testing using various tools like ibm appscan, burpsuite, dirbuster, owasp zap proxy, nmap, nessus, kali linux.  perform static and dynamic security testing based on owasp top 10 methodologies.  owasp top 10 issues identifications like xss, csrf, session fixation, sql injection, information leakage, application logic etc. across various platforms   attempts to exploit vulnerabilities using core impact and devise strategies and techniques to mitigate identified cyber security risks.
i currently work for deltek as an application security assessment engineer aka pentester.  i hold the offensive security web expert (oswer), offensive security certified professional (oscp) penetration testing certification, the certified information systems security professional (cissp) certification, as well as the certified ethical hacker (ceh), security+, and securitytube ios security expert (sise) certifications. i'm very enthusiastic about all types of information security, and make this my passion as well as my profession.
email alex.huang alumni.polyu.edu.hk  a.k.a. demonalex  being fascinated with cyber security and info security fields since 2002.almost 20 years' working experience in the security fields.possessing the working experience of security manufacturers,security service providers,security vendors,internet service providers and banks.  m.s. in network administration and cybersecurity,m.sc. in software technology(machine learning),m.eng. in software engineering(malware detection),and pgd in digital forensics graduate.  certified iso27001 lead implementer and lead auditor knowing how to align the business objective with information security objective, assist the organization to comply with such regulations as ffiec, dfs 500, and nist csf, as well as deal with c-level personnel for performing information security activities. also familiar with business continuity management system (bcms) and privacy information management system (pims).  once took part in on-site information security protection tasks of olympics games, asian games, and expo.  been finding over 20s vulnerability identifiers collected by such vulnerability databases as cve and bugtraq,e.g. cve-2012-5100,cve-2012-3816,bid-53649,and bid-53865, since 2009.  participated in developing such security systems as honeypots,wireless intrusion detection system,intrusion prevention system,fuzzers,scanner,code analyzer,config reviewer,correlation analyzer,otp service,and syslog relay.  competent to programming in perl with cgi,socket,winpcap,and regular expression,and python with scapy.used to program in c/c++ and basic.skilled with linux,perl,python and sql building up security systems,and capable of using ida pro and wireshark to analyze malware and network traffic.  delve into machine learning by using such tools as scikit-learn to achieve linear regression,decision tree,svm,etc.  familiar with multiple security systems,e.g. scanner,nids/nips,hids,code reviewer,firewall/utm/waf,honeypots,endpoint security,sandbox,dlp,and siem.specialize in the security of windows,linux,unix,macos and cisco ios,vm,and docker.  oversaw diverse projects including risk management,penetration test,phishing test,physical inspection,threat intelligence,sdl,it risk,threat modeling,soc,incident response,and training.  cissp,iso/iec la,ec-council,comptia,exin,and ciw certified in multiple it areas.
experienced security professional with a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry. skilled in python, threat & vulnerability management, identity & access management (iam), information security, and python (programming language). graduate student from university of california, berkeley.
security enthusiast | pentester | it security auditor   technical skills  b. scripting languages  php, javascript                    c. operating systems  ms windows, linux (ubuntu, kali)                                          d. database  mysql e. network security tools  nessus, metaspoilt, nmap, gfi languard, wireshark and microsoft baseline                  f. applicaton security tools  acunetix wvs, burpsuite, webscarab , netcraft ,ssl digger g. siem tool  cisco ironport email security  affiliation  member of information system security association,new england chapter, ma  professional certification  certified ethical hacker ceh v 6.1 ec-council  training  cisco certified network associate ccna 640-802 from acit institute certified ethical hacker     ceh v6.1 from miel academy  i am always eager to expand my professional network. please feel free to connect or message me if you would like to speak about cyber security.
i've been intrigued by tinkering and technology since a young age. two of my favorite toys growing up were legos and my game boy color. as i grew older i became increasingly interested in computers and cell phones. in high school i flashed my razr and razr2 cellphones to the stock motorola firmware from the sluggish verizon firmware. i was also frequently skirmishing with my parents to find ways to circumvent their computer restrictions so that i could play video games with my friends.   after graduating from high school i attended ucsb. i took my first computer science class during my freshman year. after taking a class with phill conrad and realizing cs classes had the most interesting homework i knew i wanted to major in computer science. during my senior year of school i started working part time a redspin.   after graduating from ucsb   s college of engineering i joined the redspin security team full time, and have been in security ever since.
    strong, broad background in cisco networking devices, ips/ids and packet analyzing software and, base operations. thrive in a fast-paced and changing environment. creative and innovative thinker, bringing energy, enthusiasm and leadership to problem resolution.    o communication o research o analytical skills o organized  o conflict resolution o management o leadership o training o operations
engineer, director & ciso in the u.s. intelligence community, financial sector & health care industry.   josh has an ms in information security from depaul university and a ba from michigan state university.  as ciso of flatiron josh is responsible for the information security of over 2 million patient records and ~900 employees.      as the global cyber security operations director at capital one josh built 4 teams of 50+ analysts, engineers and developers who are responsible for 24x7 security monitoring, 24x7 incident response, siem, and devops.  as a siem engineer in us intelligence community he built big data platforms to identify targeted cyber attack campaigns from nation state actors. during this time he directly supported the soc, incident response, cyber threat intelligence and insider threat teams.
experienced lead cyber security professional with a demonstrated history of working in the federal space. 7+ years of dod and ic experience. lead engineering teams of 20+ to solve complex problems and provide solutions to c level leadership.  skilled in penetration testing, security research, information assurance, aws security, information security, information technology, bash, and java, javascript, python, html, css. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in criminal justice from university of maryland eastern shore.
passionate red teamer/offensive security researcher specializing in exploit development and vulnerability research. currently lead the vulnerability research service line at the home depot which has contributed in the discovery of critical vulnerabilities in applications such as tanium, npcap, hide.me vpn and dropbox.
information systems professional with over twenty years of experience in banking, healthcare, research, manufacturing, and consulting.  my professional background includes penetration testing, vulnerability management, architecture, forensics, networking, server operations, storage, policy, directory services, and more.
experienced reverse engineer
chris hadnagy (author of social-engineering  the art of human hacking and unmasking the social engineer  the human element of security, phishing dark waters and social engineering  the science of human hacking) is a speaker, teacher, pentester, and recognized expert in the field of social engineering and security.   chris hadnagy is the president and ceo of social-engineer, inc. he has spent the last 16 years in security and technology, specializing in understanding the ways in which malicious attackers are able to exploit human weaknesses to obtain access to information and resources through manipulation and deceit.   chris is a graduate of dr. paul ekman   s courses in microexpressions, having passed the certification requirements with an    expert level    grade. he also has significant experience in training and educating students in non-verbal communications. he hold certifications as an offensive security certified professional (oscp) and an offensive security wireless professional (oswp).  finally, chris has launched a line of professional social engineering training and penetration testing services at social-engineer.com. his goal is to assist companies in remaining secure by educating them on the methods used by malicious attackers. he accomplishes this by analyzing, studying, dissecting, then performing the very same attacks used during some of the most recent incidents (i.e. sony, hb gary, lockheed martin, target, etc), chris is able to help companies understand their vulnerabilities, mitigate issues, and maintain appropriate levels of education and security.  chris has developed one of the web   s most successful security podcasts, the social-engineer.org podcast, and the equally-popular seorg newsletter. over the years, both have become a staple in most serious security practices and are used by fortune 500 companies around the world to educate their staff.
offensive security web expert awae (oswe) - in progress pentester academy (certified red team professional) - in progress offensive security certified professional (oscp) - jan 9th 2019  offensive security wireless professional (oswp) - mar 25th 2013
i am currently leading the internal pentesting program for hilton. my responsibilities include performing assessments internally, coordinating with pentest vendors for assessments performed externally, and also overseeing the implementation of security tools within a devops environment, such as sast and dast scanning. as part of my duties, i perform a wide variety of penetration tests, including for web applications, windows applications, thick clients, iot devices, and internal/external environments. i also have a strong background in performing red team style assessments, as well as developing sophisticated detections for attacker activity. in addition, i am an active developer of red teaming tradecraft, some of which has been publicly released and can be found at my personal blog (sekirkity.com) and the official fireeye blog (fireeye.com/blog.html).
specialties   - penetration testing. - the c++ programming language. - network traffic analysis. - native linux/windows programming. - some scripting languages, such as python and php.
certified information systems security professional (cissp) certified information systems auditor (cisa) certified ethical hacker (c|eh) giac certified incident handler (gcih) - expired 12/2009  specialties  information security, risk and compliance, vulnerability assessments, web applications, network pentesting, pci-dss, iso27001
senior security consultant and penetration tester and red team  with experience of 6 years. vulnerability assessment, it infrastructure monitoring, intrusion analyst, web application penetration and mobile app pentest on both (ios android), social engineering (physical and electronic along with wireless).   also have experience in various areas such as linux/unix administration, mail servers, clustering, virtualization, cloud computing, web servers, database servers, load balancing, open source software solutions.   possessing various professional certifications from  offensive security and red hat.    in information security domain i work on penetration testing and  vulnerability & threat management(openvas, nessus), ids (snort, bro),  it infrastructure monitoring (nagios, zabbix, ossec, munin),   security information and event management (nmis, ossim) , wireshark, dradis, metasploit,  forensic tools.  for red team (usb keylogger and hak5 rubber ducky, hak5 pineapple, mitm pi device, 15dbi wireless antenna, mimikatz, veil evasion).    in server administration domain worked with various mail servers (qmail, exim, zimbra, postfix), openfire xmpp  servers, control panel ( cpanel, plesk, zpanel), virtualization  (xen, kvm, openvz ), databases (mysql, postgres), clustering (heart beat), load balancing (piranha), web server (apache, tomcat).        i am a free software & security enthusiast, foss supporter and the follower of gnu philosophy. loves very much to write and share new things about linux, open source, information security and hacking through my blog linux digest.
experienced senior security consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry.
remy baumgarten currently works at boldend.  boldend is a next-generation defense contractor focused on accelerating cyber operations with greater force. boldend builds products that automate the creation, maintenance, and deployment of advanced cyber capabilities in order to keep our customers far ahead of the adversary and win back control of the fifth domain. boldend is headquartered in san diego, california, and was founded in 2017 by a group of cybersecurity experts. boldend is a raytheon partner.  remy baumgarten was a cyber security developer, instructor, and researcher at focal point academy. before joining focal-point, remy was a technical lead on the malware team and the mobile expert on ios at booz allen hamilton.  his published work includes white papers on iphone reverse engineering tools and advanced persistent android malware.  remy has presented his work at events such as defcon, auscert, lockdown, halo counter terrorism summit, aiaa aviation and suits and spooks.  his background includes critical infrastructure, pentesting, assembly language, os architecture, programming, malware on osx, linux, android, iphone, iot and honeypot research.  reverse engineering, malware analysis, exploit development, tool development,  unpacking, mobile application development (ios, android), apple ios security, android security, ios forensics, android forensics, objc, c/c++, java, php, c#, python, ollydbg, ida pro, x86, arm, windbg, idapython, honeypots, freebsd  certs    grem (giac reverse engineering malware) crea  (certified reverse engineering analyst) cerea (certified advanced reverse engineering analyst) apt (booz allen advanced persistent threat forensics)
cyber security professional who possesses technical expertise and managerial competence. highly proficient in penetration testing, soc operations, incident response, project management, network engineering, system administration, training, and documentation.  specialties incident response | penetration testing | network configuration | network protocol and security | cyber security | root-cause analysis | team development | coaching/mentoring | policy development.   interests evolving my skill set like threat actors to offer real-world solutions.  educating c-level to end-user personnel on identifying indicators-of-threats.
performing ethical hacking and red teaming practices, covering the full life cycle (reconnaissance, delivery exploitation, command, control, and exfiltration).  performs penetration testing of applications, systems, servers, networks and enclaves to uncover potential weakness, fingerprint behavior of attackers and detect potential malicious behavior.  working on web-based applications, networks, mobile, cloud        based and other types of computer systems on a regular basis and also performing white box, black box, and grey box testing on various methodologies in  security.  applies offensive cyber security testing techniques, coordinates testing projects with internal and external system owners, reports the nature of the identified cyber security risks, and recommends risk mitigation measures to improve the cyber security posture of the enterprise with written reports and presentations to the client.  involves in secured design and solution for newly proposed applications, incorporating security right at the requirement elicitation and designing phase of security development life cycle system(sdlc).  performs dynamic application security testing(dast), static application security testing(sast), interactive application security testing(iast), product security testing.
penetration tester, security engineer, oscp with a data and software development background.
msc in computer science, with 20 years professional experience, comprehensive certifications including iso27001 certified lead auditor.  main strengths  waf, cloud security, pentesting, firewalls, sast/dast, owasp, application security  specialties  cissp, cism, cisa, ccsp, ccnp, mcse, mcad, masd, rhce, certified ethical hacker, licensed penetration tester, ccse juniper networks certified internet specialist
passionate network and systems professional who excels at preventing and solving situations that threaten production environments in today   s fast and constantly evolving world with the following technical skill sets  linux distributions, windows & server family, network troubleshooting, scripting languages, log auditing, firewalls and vpns, systems monitoring/administration, virtual machines, siem based tools, along with hids/nids based analyzing
seasoned information technology and security professional with experience in systems/network administration, systems integration, vulnerability/patch management, change management, incident management and advanced topics such as packet analysis, intrusion detection/prevention, incident response/incident handling, systems hardening, event correlation, malware analysis, network forensics, vulnerability assessments, vulnerability management, penetration testing, data exfiltration/loss prevention, application security, and endpoint security.  certifications  microsoft certified it professional (mcitp) red hat certified systems administrator (rhcsa) splunk certified power user (spcpu) splunk certified administrator (spcad) giac certified enterprise defender (gced) giac certified penetration tester (gpen) core impact certified professional (cicp)
i am a full stack developer, i like solving technical problems with great teams. i'm interested in tackling the toughest problems and building robust, durable solutions.
    
technical skills java, vue.js, julia, go (golang), php, ruby, c, r, html5, css3, javascript, jquery, ajax, rest api, spring, hibernate, jersey & jackson, angularjs, grunt, gulp, bootstrap, json, mysql, mongodb, soa, vmware esxi and apis, google charts, high charts, aws, git, cloudstack, red hat cluster suite, ganglia, hadoop, hbase, puppet, heroku, docker, new relic, android, ios.  operating systems  linux,unix, windows, mac os x. installation  pxe, kickstart. webmail  sendmail, postfix. network services  ssh, dns/bind, nfs, nis, dhcp, ftp, ldap.  experienced as a software developer and system analyst with expertise in web development. as a masters student, i worked as research & teaching assistant and as student programmer.  i aim to work in a challenging environment where i would get an opportunity to solve real time problems and contribute to the growth of the company. my areas of interest are mobile application development, big data analytic, cloud/distributed computing, algorithm analysis & data structures, and it infrastructure services & solutions.
specialties  windows server, kali linux, offensive security, penetration testing, phishing, and red teaming.  mcse  server infrastructure, mcse  private cloud, mcitp  va, mcsa windows 2003, mcts, mcp, security+, vcp5, mcsa windows 2012, certified ethical hacker (ceh), red hat certified systems administrator (rhcsa) on rhel 6, offensive security certified professional (oscp), giac certified incident handler (gcih), offensive security wireless professional (oswp).  amateur radio operator (call sign kk4yjt), technician
i'm vedachala, security researcher, student who completely hooked in to information security.       experience & specialties   web application testing, vulnerability assessment, web development, network security architecture, linux administration, training, exploit development, reverse engineering, malware analysis, web security, computer forensics, social engineering....      interests / advice   freelance projects/jobs related to web application testing, web development, start-up's, penetration testing, network security penetration testing, database security etc...     
experienced information security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in windows server, firewalls, networking, network security, and computer security. strong information technology professional with a master of computer applications - mca focused in computer technology/computer systems technology from jaipur national university, jaipur.
learning from errors to make it relatively safer.
vivek ramachandran is the founder, ceo of pentester academy. we now train thousands of customers from government agencies, fortune 500 companies, and smaller enterprises from over 90 countries. it has physical offices in silicon valley, usa, singapore and pune, kolkata in india.  vivek has been researching wi-fi security for over a decade. he discovered the caffe latte attack, broke wep cloaking, conceptualized enterprise wi-fi backdoors, created chellam (wi-fi firewall), wimonitor enterprise (802.11ac monitoring), chigula (wi-fi traffic analysis via sql), deceptacon (iot honeypots) and others. he is the author of multiple five star rated books on wi-fi security which have together sold over 20,000+ copies worldwide and have been translated to multiple languages.  he is a regular speaker/trainer at top security conferences such as blackhat usa, europe and abu dhabi, defcon, brucon, hitb, hacktivity and others. vivek   s work on wireless security (caffe latte attack) has been quoted in bbc online, infoworld, macworld, the register, it world canada and others.   in a past life, he was one of the programmers of the 802.1x protocol and port security in cisco   s 6500 catalyst series of switches. he was also one of the winners of the microsoft security shootout contest held in india among a reported 65,000 participants. he has also published multiple research papers in the field of ddos, arp spoofing detection and anomaly based intrusion detection systems.
rahul singh is an consultant, trainer, bug-hunter and researcher. he has trained more than 5000+ students and professionals across india. he is also working with overseas cyber security cell having more than 500+ hrs. of international training experience in africa. he is a ec-council certified security analyst (ecsa). he has spoken in many national and international conferences like defcon, hatcon, iit - delhi etc.. he is currently working as a consultant at ernst and young llp .the mainly key focus areas are cyber security, vulnerability assessment and penetration testing and security audit in government practice .he is enlisted in various hall of fame page of top mnc's like google,microsoft, adobe, deutsche telekom, open text, eclipse, magix etc.
rohit is a technology enthusiast with over 9+ years of experience in hacking anything that runs on binaries and is on the ground.  he was featured in  50 influential devsecops professionals in 2019  by peerlyst he also delivers one of the bestselling classes by notsosecure titled 'application security for developers   .  he has also trained and spoken at premier security conferences like blackhat,nullcon and global owasp appsec.  he also loves to reverse engineer binaries and mobile applications and find and exploit vulnerabilities in them.  he spends his free time learning new technologies, programming languages or maybe even tinkering with open source tools.
experience in information security domain. experienced in information security service areas     application security, vulnerability assessments,network assessments, application architecture review and penetration testing. experienced in security assessments of a wide variety of business applications.  specialties - security assessment of web applications,  - network assessments & penetration testing - vulnerability assessment -vulnerability management.
- osce/oscp certified, with keen interest in offensive security-pentesting/redteaming, reverse engineering, iot/hardware, automation and ml  - currently working as principal penetration tester at mercedes benz r&d, india - experience in web and infra pentest, reverse engineering, hardware reversing and automation - good in c, assembly(x86/64 and arm), python, powershell, bash, php & more
    computer engineer graduate specialized in it security, information security engineer with over 6 years of work experience     expertise in penetration testing, vulnerability assessments of network, web application, web services, mobile application, servers, network & security devices, wireless and iot.
aman sachdev is an oscp certified security researcher with special interest in network exploitation and web application security analysis. with over 6 years of on-field experience in information security, he has an experience of over 3000 hours of training in the information security space and has trained over 5000 individuals personally to date. with hands-on experience in cybersecurity auditing, secure code development training and carrying out vapt exercises as a day job, he is a developer and bug hunter at night.  his student base ranges from personnel from the indian army, the indian navy, intelligence agencies, special task forces, criminal investigation departments of state police, enterprise it teams and engineering students among others.   he has been an active part of various penetration     testing teams while testing the web, mobile and network infrastructures of numerous well-known organizations based out of india, middle-east, singapore, us and uk.   he has also found multiple security flaws on websites like google, facebook, ea, mit, national geography, blackberry, times of india, snapdeal among others
i am cybersecurity expert/web penetration tester with proven result breadth and depth of knowledge, professional experience, and top of the line credentials directly related to the    eld of expertise. professional strengths include review and reporting of service provider performance including sta    utilization, knowledge management e   ectiveness teamwork.just say it and your work will be done always ready to learn
infosec aspirant, love pwning boxes. ctf player, web application tester
experienced cyber security penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the electrical and electronic manufacturing industry. skilled in penetration testing, cyber-security, customer service, automation, and teamwork. strong professional with a b.tech focused in electronics and instrumentation engineering from sastra.
independent web security researcher  #hof got bounty and appreciation for reporting a vulnerability in various application such as  microsoft, google,at&t (under top 10), eset, paytm, inflectra, hostinger, dutch  government, +50 in big giant companies.  active member in bugcrowd, hackerone    skilled in python, cascading style sheets (css), php, c, and c++. strong information technology
being cyber security professional, i am always ready to take up new challenges for professional as well as for organizational growth. one who also possess blended knowledge in network & application security, cloud security, red teaming activities & assessments. i have worked on various security tools and frameworks (i.e., qualysguard, nessus, empire, burp suite, kali linux, acunetix, sapphire, mitre framework etc.). i also possess strong interpersonal skill and can easily adapt to new technologies to work in new environment.  author at hacking articles . hacking articles is a comprehensive source of information on cyber security, computer forensics, ethical hacking, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.
experience in vulnerability management for application, infrastructure, mobile application. penetration testing for application, network and infrastructure. secure code review, risk management and compliance assessment.
an information security professional having total of 5 years    experience and specialized in application's penetration testing and vulnerability assessment. i have rich experience in government, educational, healthcare and financial sector clients for their application vulnerability assessment/penetration testing.  skills     application security practice development (methodology, checklist, guidelines, whitepapers etc)     manual/automated vulnerability assessment as per owasp top10     penetration testing     vulnerability research and presentation     threat modeling     risk assessment     proposing recommendations/countermeasures     various tools (ibm appscan, accunetix,sqlmap,,burp proxy, nmap, ecomirage etc)   specialties information security, web application penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, sbi compliance audit, mobile application security testing, web services security testing,owasp.
experienced penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in web application vapt, burp suit, owasp, nmap, sqlmap, zap and pl/sql. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused in computer science from amity education group.  i am ec-council certified ethical hacker with sound knowledge of network protocols such as http, ftp, dns, ipsec, ssl, dns, dhcp, tcp/ip suite, etc.  proficient in the use of kali linux, windows and its tools.
cceh | web development | cyber security
an independent security explorer with colossal skills in the field of cyber security,who always love to extend succour towards every individual. being a techie artist with burp suite who is extremely curious about exploiting security vulnerabilities,ardent about offensive bug hunting
roles and responsibilities        real-time security incident monitoring and response using arcsight.     analysing the security alerts and event information for all approved security feeds.     document incidents and log reviews to run the report.     investigate and positively identify anomalous events that are detected by security devices.     worked on security analysis tools like wireshark.     responding to tickets, emails and requests.     participate in weekly meetings like weekly ticket review, attending in house process related training.     ability to write concise reports based on security event analysis.     keep a track on latest threats and vulnerabilities.
i have around 4 years of experience in the cyber security domain. my areas of expertise include vulnerability assessment and penetration testing, web application, network, android & ios penetration testing, black box/white box testing, grey box testing it security audit, risk assessment based on the owasp.  in my spare time, i participate in bug bounty programs to help companies improve their security by finding and reporting security vulnerabilities to them.  twitter   chavdazeel
{           ||      |      
experienced security consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in networking , penetration testing, sql, linux, and java. strong information technology professional with a master's degree (mca) focused in information technology from government college, dharamashala.
a renowned international speaker & cyber security consultant with 14 years of experience in pen testing, ethical hacking, vulnerability assessment & cyber forensics. he has visited around 35 countries and delivered many international trainings.   he works closely with potential employers which include government agencies, cyber crime wing, police department, it services companies, professional services firms, financial institutions and cybersecurity consulting firms.  he is adept in performing a variety of highly technical analyses and procedures dealing with the collection, processing, preservation, analysis, and presentation of cyber crime evidence.
love creating and breaking things in ethical way. achieved oscp and next target is osce & crtp, meanwhile trying to hunt some bounties.
i have around 3 years of experience in multiple deciplines of cybersecurity with area of proficiency in infra and network penetration testing and application security testing. i am a computer science graduate and also possesses several industry recognized certificates such as offensive security certified professional (oscp), certified application security engineer java (case java), certified application security engineer .net (case .net) and certified ethical hacker (ceh).  in my professional career, i have been a key part of various vulnerability assessment and penetration testing assessments projects. i am a hobbyist pentester and is very active in hack the box and ctf challenges. the challenges and niche skills required for this job keeps me motivated to try harder and become better. always a learner who loves to break security to make it more secure. apart from this i have been an active speaker in local security conferences/meetups like isaca it audit and cybersecurity conclave, google devfest and redteam security summit.
received training for ceh, ecsa, ccna under ec-council recognized c | eh advisory board member.
experienced information security engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. skilled in penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, security tools and security services. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of technology focused in computer science & engineering from dr. a.p.j abdul kalam technical university.
experienced security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in ethical hacking, information security, python (programming language), penetration testing, and red teaming. very good hands of experience in application penetration testing (web/android). strong information technology professional with a bachelor of engineering - be in mechanical engineering from dr. babasaheb ambedkar marathwada university, aurangabad.
        wh  t   s up,      m s  n    m ch  wl  .    i am cyber security enthusiast with 3.5+ years of experience in web / mobile / network / web services / thick client / cloud assessment and penetration testing.  i just love hacking and breaking the rules, but don't get me wrong as i said i am an ethical hacker. i'm passionate about cyber security...! apart from professional experience , have a passion and diligence for finding new vulnerabilities, participate in ctf, hack the box machines to learn something new. also i am a bug bounty hunter, i hunt bugs in to reputed websites for fun and learn. information security is my obsession and google is my best friend  ) i am always eager to learn new technologies to update my skills and knowledge. i like to help people both on a professional and personal way.    ey   n  ere           we   appl  ca    on pene  ra    on   e      ng (wap  )      o    le appl  ca    on pene  ra    on   e      ng (  ap  )    ne  wor   pene  ra    on   e      ng (np  )     v  lnera    l    y a    e      en   and pene  ra    on   e      ng (vap  )    v  lnera    l    y   cann  ng      on    or  ng and de  ec    on     pc  -d               c   cl  en     ec  r    y a    e      en           g   o  n  y     n    ng     crea    ng c  ec  l           or v  lnera    l    y a    e      en         oc  al eng  neer  ng     opera    ng   y    e     arden  ng        ec  re     e  e we        e  ,   y repor    ng v  lnera    l      e    -   1. google 2. microsoft  3. sony 4. lenovo  5. tilburg university 6.   n  el  7. s  opcl  e    8. achmea  9. d    c   govern  en   (swag) 10. erasmus university (swag) 11. university of twente 12. caffeine 13. hubspot 14. basf 15. fdmediagroep 16. united nation 17. intrasurance 18. surf 19. vu university amsterdam 20. pcextreme 21. ivanti 22. powerassit 
arunkumar r is a 21 years old professional security researcher working as an associate security engineer at auriseg consulting private ltd. he is a mechanical engineer, graduated from the jeppiaar institute of technology. during is college days he was an active ieee member and attended a lot of events around the nation and learned more about the recent technologies and inspired more about the computer technologies, hardware, and software, etc., which leads him to find a path in information security. with having basic knowledge in computer science, he has got placed in the cybersecurity domain during his college time. and through the 6-month intern program in application security, he got knowledge in cybersecurity. and now he is 1.5 years experience in this domain and he has most interested to do public speaking regarding the recent threats and he has given a webinar about the recent trend in cybersecurity and threats to the college students of ieee kerala section and he is always open to educating the people to come over and secure them this kind of threats, now he is doing researching the web application  security and educating the students who want to move their career in cybersecurity.
enthusiastic and eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. clear understanding of computer security and scripting and training in penetration testing. motivated to learn, grow and excel in cyber security.
    working at evosys global having good knowledge & experience in     oracle bi report tools     oracle fusion erp (finance, supply chain, human capital)      database developer (sql)     web pen-tester     cyber security     website development     software & application development
i don't deserve this
currently working with cornerstone ondemand as security engineer, preciously working as information security specialist at reliance industies limited and as a security analyst at paladion networks. whose qualifications include a bachelor's degree in electronics and telecommunications and over 4.7 years of expertise in security domain hands-on vapt, web application security testing, mobile security testing,thick client, web services testing, threat modelling, cloud security and devsecops also with security certifications like ceh, ecsa and aws cloud training   s and certificates. also having detailed knowledge of web application attacks, network layer attacks, mobile application attacks , web services attacks, thick client attacks and latest security tools and best practices. # security blogger
experienced web and network security engineer and a penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the web development and it services idustry. skilled in burpsuite , nmap , kali linux , malware analysis , owasp top 10 and scripting languages
ceh, lpt, ccna, msca & windows certified my area of expertise includes vulnerability assessment, information security audits, penetration testing, ethical hacking
    support company-wide information security assurance and application security programs.     collaborate with application development teams to build security dev. ops program.     perform web and mobile application security assessments.     collaborate within global information security, it and lines of business to assess risk and drive appropriate resulting actions.     7+ years of experience in design, development, and implementation of a variety of software applications in microsoft .net technology.     well versed with cross-cultural communication, collaboration problem-solving skills and strong attention to detail and focus on task completion.     quick learner.
cyber security  | ceh v10 | networking pentester | web pentester
with comprehensive experience in cyber security, ethical hacking, vapt and security consultancy, i aim to bring my experience and knowledge to all professionals in this field. i am a certified iso  27001 2013 lead auditor. i have tested over 100 web and mobile applications. i have experience with compliances like iso 27001, gdpr and pci  dss.   my areas of interest include web and mobile app pentesting, dark web intelligence, cryptography, enterprise security, network security, iso  standards and gdpr
experienced penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in comptia network+, networking, html, adobe photoshop, and ethical hacking. strong information technology professional with a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from jagannat institute of engineering & technology, cuttack, odisha.
cybersecurity professional with hands-on experience in the field of network security, application security, infrastructure pentesting & python development. passionate in hunting for bugs and vulnerabilities . currently employed as cybersecurity analyst at redteam cybersecurity labs llp, calicut.
penetration tester with over 6+years of information security experience.   specialties include application penetration testing, network penetration testing, vulnerability assessments, threat modeling and red teaming.
experienced web application security engineer with a deep focus on penetration testing and security assessment.self aspired information security practitioner currently working as a consultant in bangalore based firm.  areas of interest -     web application penetration testing   black/gray/white box    penetration testing and security vulnerability hunting    wireless pen-testing    mobile application security testing (android and ios)    network penetration testing    exploitation     security research    network and server hardening    creating pen-testing tools or automating task  my responsibilities in current organisation are not limited to but includes,      host network and service enumeration      blind web, network, application assessment      trusted web, network, application assessment      automated security scans      manual vulnerability reproduction and exploitation      penetration, bypassing     web application assessment     mobile application security (android & ios)     technologies   application security (waf), log analysis     attack vectors   social engineering, code injections (sqli, xss, csrf, rce, lfi/rfi), server side & client side    attacks, web app & os exploitation, a/v evasion, code obfuscation, brute-force, wireless (hacking), mitm, denial of service and more.     debugging tools   ollydbg ,gdb     scripting   python / bash /     systems  linux (ubuntu, debian, redhat, centos, backbox, kali, bt), ,mac (el-capitan,yosemite,sierra),windows 10 ,waf & ips systems  modsecurity, snort.     commonly used tools  wireshark / custom python & bash scripts / nmap / burp suite / sqlmap  / metasploit framework / acunetix / hydra  / ettercap  / etherape
experienced information technology administrator with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in windows server, penetration testing, kali linux, security, and system administration. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of commerce - bcom focused in information technology from daar ul rehmat trusts a e kalsekar arts science & commerce.
security analyst with huge interest in modern technologies.   i aim to create a safer world tomorrow and contribute to global security and stability.
curiosity is what drives any hacker. hackers take great pride in finding things they are not supposed to find. in my case i have always been curious about how things work in this world. i think its almost an innate ability that hackers carry with them. i believe that one doesn't choose to be a hacker, it just happens when you wake up one day and realize that the entire world tries to control you in some form or the other with or without your consent and you are not ready to accept that. it's only a matter of time before you start asking questions and the answers are really hard to come by. even if they come by from others, you ask yourself how much can you really trust them  just because everyone else believes that something is right doesn't make it right. i live by that motto. i tend to verify things for myself and i think all the hackers out there live by a similar motto. for me, trust is the weakest link that exists in this world. trusting others means you assume that when others are in control they will not betray you and get the better of you. so what do hackers do  they make sure that their trust is not betrayed by keeping an eye on what others are doing.   what you see is what you get  is a phrase that almost everyone is familiar with. but if you ask a hacker, he will tell you that there is very little or no truth to that. it is like a mask that is being presented to the world while all the details are hidden behind it.
 hacking , the first thought that comes to everyone's mind is  it's illegal , isn't it  a passionate mind is suppressed by others not to be a part of it. everyone thinks about the worst side of it but no one cares of patching it. for an ethical hacker the great challenge is not to hack someone but to explain others that the way he took is not illegal. the last thing that i found in this world is that none hacker is inferior not even a newbie, if you are expert in one thing the person sitting infront of you might be expert in other.
information security consultant with  it works experience of which last 6+ years have been in information security consulting and it audit covering. web application security assessment, network security assessment, and network configuration review, mobile security assessment, infosec training, infosec project's etc.
cyber enthusiast  want to make india digital but cyber secured!!
i have been a computer enthusiast, from my childhood. worked with several different technologies. i have worked on several personal projects too. currently i am working mostly on webdev and pentesting.
looking for a job in the cybersecurity domain as a pentester or security analyst and also familiar with networking. with good knowledge in linux and its file system.
professional courses   cisco certified network associate (ccna) rns cisco certified network professional (ccnp) rns  routing protocols   ipv4, tcp/ip, udp, rip, ripv2, ospf, eigrp, mpls, mpls-te, rsvp, ldp, acls, redistribution, metro-ethernet, frame-relay, nat, nat-pt, ipv6 (ospf/v3, ripng), tunneling  (6 to 4, manual, gre, mgre) bgp, dhcpv4/v6, cidr, arp, rarp, qos (policing/shaping), inter-vlan routing, l2/l3 multicast, pim, igrp, l3 vpns, ez vpn, ipsec vpn, dmvpn.  switching protocols  vtp, vlan, stp, rstp, ether channel, 802.1q, isl, pvst+, mst, pagp/lacp.  security and wireless specifications  ssh, wpa/wpa2, wep, des, aes-128, md5, sha-1, ssl, wlan, wimax, zigbee, wcdma, gprs, gps, ,802.11n, 802.11ac, 802.11af,metasploit, lte,volte.  router platforms  cisco 2500, 2600, 2800, 3600, 3700, 7600.  tools  network simulator ns2,gns3 ,packet tracer,vmware, wireshark,eve-ng.  my project blog at ipnetworkings.blogspot.com
potential to be one of the top tech security analyst / engineer in the field of cyber security through my contributions to the society by encapsulating onion layer of security above all to protect them from recent threats with the help of skills and knowledge developed eventually in this field.   highly skilled in python and java for automation of various tasks with knowledge of c as well. demonstrated experience in javascript and various web technologic stack.   ethical hacking skillset for a mind like a black hat hacker useful to protect and guard like a white hat hacker.
-have been working as a information security consultant at esec forte technologies private limited.    -experience in web application pentesting
i have good knowledge on cybersecurity and looking forward for opportunities to work with companies on cybersecurity and gain industry level experience and i   m aspiring to become a cybersecurity specialist.
the desire to achieve greater heights in information security industry aiming for the challenging career, which provides an opportunity to display creativity and communication skills committed to continual performance development in the workplace and eager to contribute to the organization   s goals and objective  professional courses      completed ceh v10 from tech marshals     completed bug bounty exercises    profile summary      profound knowledge of networking security, ethical hacking, and cyber security.      all vulnerability assessment and penetration testing vapt including physical vapt.     owasp top ten attacks with their detection and preventions techniques.     sound knowledge in metasploit framework and social engineering.     hands on experience of security appliance like firewalls     good practice to over win, and linux.      system security and system handing, operating system login bypass.     found vulnerabilities in ubi soft and privy     tools expertise  os & virtualization  windows, linux, kali linux| vmware, virtual box web app pen testing  burp suite, acunetix, etc. vulnerability assessment & pen testing  nessus, metasploit, nmap, kali linux, etc.  achievements      found vulnerabilities in ubi soft and privy
yet another b.tech student.  software developer, penetration tester, ctf player.   i admire the python programing language and always trying to learn something exciting in it. absolutely love the flask micro-framework and have built numerous small and big projects with it, which can be found on my github.com/eshaan7.  software development   - gsoc'20   the honeynet project. working on intelowl, an osint and threat intelligence gathering api.  - past fullstack development intern   posify.in - skilled in python, linux, and web development (angular, flask, django, docker, heroku, ionic).   cyber security   - given my experience with python, i do alot of automation stuff in ctf competitions or in general. - rank   hacker   hackthebox.eu - holds 12 certificates from pentesterlab (web security) - freelance security content writer   wpsec.com - core member at def con ncr group ( dc91120) - bug hunter/security researcher with multiple hall of fames - ctf player  abs0lut3pwn4g3 ctf team  absolute mad lads tinkering with all domains cs.    always looking for exciting opportunities in pentesting, swe and research in delhi/ncr or remote.
to have a challenging and rewarding career to produce time bound excellent results and also to be associated with a progressive organization that would give me a position to develop and hone my skills and abilities while being resourceful, innovative and flexible. i really like to do the job in cyber security field.
cyber security enthusiastic, looking for good opportunity in cyber scurity.
experienced in web applications security, network security & mobile application security.  experienced and skilled with following security testing (va/pt) activities.  1. well knowledge of web application security assessment and application penetration testing. 2. knowledge of network vulnerability assessment and network penetration testing. 3. experienced in mobile application testing of android and ios applications.
particular interests lie in the fields of application security,web application firewall,identity access management, desktop virtualization.information security, penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, web application penetration testing, network penetration testing, owasp 10, manual and automation testing.
* having experience of 2 years in information security. * experienced in performing the application security through automated and manual assessments approach which include vulnerability management, penetration testing and remediation support
 a 5 yr boy who started hacking fb for chocolates with nokia keypad mobile 2700 classic.   giving up is the birth of regret!!  always bounce back!  a tech geek explorer, he is both simple and complex. he is fond of painting and poetry and is an avid learner.he is a work in progress - a constantly self-correcting updating book of life.he always has a target to learn everyday something new and take new initiatives and put hands on newer developments
listed under top 15 security researchers by nciipc 2020 newsletter( gov.of india ) , securing many institution like iits , iims , nits, drdo and other gov. sectors & many more
enthusiastic, continuous learner and passionate about cyber security  hands-on experience in advanced persistence threat assessments (apt), vulnerability assessment & penetration testing, web application security testing, mobile application security testing & wireless testing.  hall of fame from various internet giants like microsoft, asus, nokia, dell, lenovo, at&t and others 50+ companies for finding severe bugs on their products and assets and reporting them legally.   worked across multiple domains ranging from financial services, banking, information technology, healthcare, manufacturing, telecommunication, etc.  engaged as an on-site resource at multiple locations and have received appreciation from clients for supporting them in meeting their security objectives.  conducted successful phishing campaigns for different organizations  well acquainted with various automated and manual security testing methodologies  areas of interest in cyber security includes hunting in bug bounty programs and ctf's.  by the way am mechanical engineer as per degree  )
i got appreciated by indian government, police departments, and many other institutes, universities, globally renounced it firms, magazines, newspapers, etc. from the age of 19 started my career by learning numerous hacking techniques, presented a popular hack of grub in hatcon from where the journey started. after that a long series of vulnerability research started and is continue till now. this age includes some popular research i did in the field of ids, aide, practically showcased collisions in md5, buffer overflows and many more which got published in various magazines like pentestmag, hackin9, e-forensics, sd journal, hacker5 etc. got invited to public conferences like defcon, toorcon, owasp, hatcon and many other universities and institutes as a guest speaker.   core competencies include    information assurance  vulnerability evaluation web application penetration testing  network penetration testing cryptanalysis  linux administration  wireless security  exploit research
full stack web developer || ethical hacker || seo || youtuber || pentester || digital marketing || microsoft office || kali linux || c || java || python || android || php || sap || aws badges + digital credential || content writer || graphic design
currently pursuing bachelor of engineering in the field of computer science and engineering.
talented individual with cloud technology & information technology background, strong desire to grow technical skills, and ability to learn new technologies swiftly. having 1 months digital marketing internship experience, great communication skills,  website designing skills , as well as high attention to detail.
hello! i am manikanta simgamsetti, from andhra pradesh, india.  in my overall work experience, i performed mobile and web application penetration test within the parameters defined by rules of engagement coordinated with the client.  area of expertise  web application penetration testing (va/pt) mobile application penetration testing (va/pt) network penetration testing (va/pt)  key responsibilities  having good knowledge on reporting the findings of the entire assessment. appropriate suggestions for security improvements. good knowledge of the prioritizing bugs based on the exploit vector. additional test cases preparation based on business logic and up to date with the latest testing and ethical hacking methods. ability to explain findings to non-technical professionals.  key skills  continuous learning and understanding information security by participating in various ctf challenges. good knowledge of the latest automation tools. wireless testing and manual packet inspection. able to work independently but also as part of a team ability to scripting and programming to automate the routine tasks.  professional achievements  submitted a critical vulnerability to ite&c department, government of telangana about the t-wallet android app - 2018.
top 50 infosec blogs digital guardian described by digital guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative infosec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.   top 100 information security blogs for data security professionals the best information security blogs from thousands of top information security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. data will be refreshed once a week. information_security_blogs/   69 information security blogs you should be reading information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. in an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.   10 information security blogs you should be reading this is our collection of important and informative infosec blogs from the industry   s top leaders.   the 150+ most influencial blogs and content contributors in infosec we analyzed more than 150 blogs, magazines and similar sites contributing relevant content in the 150 most influencial cyber security blogs and publications by category - pie chart infosecthe area of it security.  
a techie and crazy guy who loves computers, an enthusiastic in cyber and information security. a super geek individual pursuing graduation, also proficient in cyber security domain, i have experience of 3 years as a security researcher in cyber domain.  well versed with hands on experience in following domains  -    * proficient in vulnerability assessment & penetration testing (v.a.p.t) on web applications.     * dexterous in security audits of web application.  * experienced in manual & automation web applications penetration testing.     * depth knowledge about 90+ web security issues (web vulnerabilities)  like buffer overflow, cross site scripting, remote code execution, a1-injections, broken link hijacking, session fixation, broken authentication, authentication bypass, etc.     * proficient in c++, basics of c#, vb.net & vast knowledge about  php, python.  * vast experienced in linux os and also proficient in another operating system.    * source code review - c++, html, css, javascript, php, asp.net, etc.
a cyber security professional, who is ready to take up new challenges for professionals as well as for organizational growth. i have significant knowledge in the it security/network security/application security domain and worked on various web security tools (i.e.,  nmap, metasploit framework, nessus vulnerability scanner, qualysguard, wireshark, etc.). i have strong interpersonal skills and can easily adapt to new technologies to work in a new environment.
as a cyber security student at upes, dehradun, i   m inspired by the oppurtunities and developments in the tech community and have been influenced by cyber security field in a big way. in fact, i   m that person who   s always eager to discuss or work on anything related to cyber security.  after i graduate in 2020, i want to work in it data security because it would give me the chance to contribute in the field and gain some real life experience! i   m also obsessed with hardware and try my best to help people using my knowledge of hardware devices.   i welcome the chance to connect with you and talk more about hardware devices, it security or maybe grab a cup of coffee.
i am certified ethical hacker experienced security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in log management, mcafee antivirus, arcsight, information security awareness, and fireeye,insight vm, nessus, strong information technology professional with a btech - bachelor of technology focused in electrical, electronic and communications engineering technology/technician from sri chaitnya techincal campus of college and engineeeing.
experienced associate researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in bug hunting, pentesting skills, java, digital forensics, and malware analysis. btech focused in computer science from kl university.
i am currently pursuing my bachelor's degree from university of petroleum and energy studies, dehradun. i am currently studying cyber security and forensics, exploring the fields of machine learning, and aim to apply the combined potentials of cyber security and machine learning. recently, i had an amazing experience at nullcon 2020 when my team secured 2nd position at scada ctf.  to know more about me, i am a hack the box and try hack me player and a pentester in the making, i am also an officially certified ethical hacker. i am also researching on ways to combine cyber security and machine learning to take advantage of the autonomy of machine learning and artificial intelligence so security is provided when needed.
interested in red teaming activities  such as penetration testing over a network. likes to solve algorithmic challenges on competitive programming platforms. can average 100+ wpm in english on a qwerty keyboard.
cyber security enthusiast | active ctf player | bounty hunter
myself arindam halder , having strong background in computer science, familiar with trending & most relevant skills along with depth knowledge of it industry.   i am a bug hunter by passion but also love coding and development.  my hunger for knowledge knows no bound. i am well versed in  c, c++, java, python, sql, php, java script and most web technologies.  being a cyber security enthusiastic  and i would love to work in info-sec domain which is so cool. i am a keen listener thus making sure no details goes past me.  i have an insatiable thirst for knowledge and i understand that the world of technology is evolving rapidly, so self study is one of the only ways i can keep up with the world. i believe in team work and fast pace of learning.
carpe dium! cybersecurity as professional,coder,youtuber and physics enthusiastic faith in only science
6.25 years of experience in web application penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, secure code review and secure application development. automation and development experience in java and python3.  i would like to work in a learning oriented environment. a place where process and policies are simple. a place where working is fun and people work together to make existing things better and simpler. i like taking ownership of assignments and want to work with freedom and choice. i want to explore and work in iot, mobile, network penetration testing, python and linux related things.
web app pentester , finding vulnerability and exploits in webpage, bug bounty hunter , cybersecurity talks and recruitment.  anyone can contact me regarding cybersecurity issues and testing.  we hire cybersecurity enthusiast and train them to work on different domains from home this ensure the portability of the work and can show their skills to improve and to learn by work .
highly motivated and experienced in network / security administrator to be a top performer by maintaining cutting edge skills and the latest industry knowledge. specialized in network monitoring security software installation and working to prevent cyber attacks especially in business and corporate settings      wireshark, nmis, nmap, snmp,      alienvault usm / nmis / splunk / qradar      carbon black, qradar, zscaler  #bca with 11 years experience in cyber security administration. looking for a challenging environment.   # focuses mainly on the one related to me as a vulnerability researcher, exploit developer, reverse engineer and it-security security in general. specialized in cybersecurity, splunk, pentesting, malware analysis, reverse engineering. #interests  besides working with it-security, i also enjoy participating in competitions related to vulnerability research, exploit development, reverse-engineering, cryptography, forensics and other it-security related skills in my spare time.
i am interested in hacking and computer security especially in penetration testing
experienced technical support executive with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. currently working as an information security consultant with skillful knowledge in vulnerability assessment and penetration testing. skilled in mobile application(android and ios) and web application security.
developer | pentester | linux enthusiast. actively seeking job opportunities and looking forward to having a great career in those areas.
experienced security researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in vulnerability management, networking, application security.
experienced owner with a demonstrated history of working in the security and investigations industry. skilled in penetration testing, ecsa, web application security, networking, and computer security. strong business development professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused in electronic and communications engineering from maharshi dayanand university.
believe in hardworking - bug hunter at sometime - ethical hacker - love to play with rf  i'm a quick learner and believe in learn from mistakes.i strongly feel that it will took me up 
ceh certified and qualys pci dss certified
penetration testing (ethical hacking),freelance
pentester having 6.5+ years of it exp including 5.5+ years of experience in field of vapt (vulnerabiliy assessment and penetration testing) - web app security / network security - kali linux, owasp, qualys, burpsuite, ibm appscan, nessus etc.
always keen to learn. area of interests  - security assessment - penetration testing  i have a burning curiosity to learn how things work. i am a self-learner and research-oriented person.
i am working as an information security engineer in the application security as well as web security domain which includes manual and automated testing of products. i have been working in following areas  application security, vulnerability assessment, penetration testing, network assessment[automated using [nessus,nexpose,nmap], web services security testing[rest/soap], web application security testing, mobile application security testing[automated,manual], static code analysis[automated].  applications  assessed applications for issues surrounding authentication, authorization, user management, session management, data validation, including all common attacks such as sql injection, cross-site scripting, csrf etc.     conducting penetration testing/vulnerability assessment of web applications[banking/e-commerce/hospitality/finance], mobile and web services[rest/soap], network scans[internal/external].     conducting risk assessment on found vulnerabilities.     automated code scanning [static code analysis using checkmarx] and provide support on founded vulnerabilities.     discussing report with client and providing fixes to identified vulnerabilities. technique  i have been using different approaches to conduct security testing as per requirement  white, gray and black box security testing using automated and manual assessments. also, we are using security standards [owasp top 10, sans 25] to securing web-based applications.  tools  burp suite, metasploit, sqlmap, nmap, sslyze, openssl, sslscan, dirbuster, hxden, ibm appscan [standard/enterprise], nessus, checkmarx, acunetix, webinspect, netsparker, nexpose, apktool, adb, dex2jar, jd-gui, mobsf etc.
entrepreneur|info sec analyst|certified ethical hacker|innovator|young scientist|tech savvy|drones|artificial intelligence|linux|agricultural enthusiast| tech farmer|agri tech|
i enjoy helping business professionals design websites that not only work for them but also rank well within local search results. each and everyday users on significant search engines browse for information about products, services, and pretty much anything else that comes to mind. when i design websites, i focus on modern design, functionality, high powered features, and search engine optimization.
experienced information security professional with focused experience in web application,mobile security, iot security ,vulnerability assessment & penetration testing, also with hands on experience with network security, cloud security.  leading experienced in the red team , conducting new campaign, bypassing security controls, windows exploitation development , ad, reverse engineering  technically strong with good exposure to tools and frameworks like nmap, burp, metasploit, nessus, ibm appscan, qualys, core impact pt, checkmarx, fortify sca  a good programming language exposure with javascripts, python , php
security researcher at pentester academy (and securitytube). pentester academy is a pioneer in online on-demand infosec training. we are mainly focused on doing cutting-edge research and convert it into highly efficient, structured content for our customers. we run online infosec subscription-based training at pentester academy  and certification based courses on securitytube trainings. we also maintain world   s largest collection of security-related videos under the banner of securitytube (www.securitytube.net) which is freely accessible to the public. our researchers regularly present their research and conduct trainings at world   s renowned security conferences like blackhat, defcon etc. in the past 7 years, we have trained over 9000 professionals from 90+ countries including enterprises such as ibm, cisco systems, new york times, kpmg, pwc, hp, sony, deloitte etc. in addition to the online trainings, we also conduct in-person trainings for our premium customers around the globe on special requests.  currently working on malware analysis and memory forensics with mr. vivek ramachandran. other areas of interest are (but not limited to) cryptography, wifi security, iot security and startups.
hi, i am a pre-final year student currently pursuing b.tech from computer science with the specialization in cloud computing and information security i am an infosec specialist in cyberops infosec which is one of the best cybersecurity agencies in india. i have received elite certification in the notes course of information security - iv held by iit madras . my passion is ethical hacking and i have skills for ethical hacking
a steadfast and enthusiastic cybersecurity analyst with a year of experience in penetration testing and vulnerability assessment. my expertise lies in writing python scripts allied to customized manual penetration testing. researching and deploying machine learning algorithms in malware detection.
    certified ethical hacker(v9)     worked on various security services like    -network vapt   -cloud security(aws security fundamentals)   -iot security assessment   -web application security   -dark web analysis   -mobile application pt (android,ios)   -network segmentation penetration testing   -red team attacks   -active directory exploitation    -wifi penetration testing and audit   -security configuration audit on aws servers,cisco switches and routers.     web application penetration testing as per owasp standards     penetration testing / vulnerability assessment of the networks & systems     hands on experience on tools like burp suite,nessus,metasploit,nmap,armitage,maltego etc.
inclined towards projects with a creative edge to them. planning to get a good job right after graduation.perfectionist and highly dedicated at any project given. undying hope for even the impossible.
a self-confident, bold and intellectual personality that always helps me to build career opportunities in the future. to act and contribute to the organization and my field of work.  a career in computer science and information technology where i can use my ambitious and hardworking nature to be a reliable asset. i need a platform where i can use my skills for self and company development.
security means the measures taken to be safe or protected. i am passionate about cyber security to make digital world secure |  - [hall of fame ]awards and recognition from many mnc software firms for being provided technical       inputs with cyber security domain. -  vulnerability assessment web, mobile and network -  web application penetration testing -  mobile application penetration testing -  performing internal vapt -  secure source code review
a self-starter, highly motivated in bug bounty hunting and pentesting!!! looking for my career in cybersecurity.
i am a performance-focused cyber security professional around 4 years of expertise knowledge in application security, risk assessment, validation of security test results, vulnerability resolution using intrusion detection systems and other siem tools such as ibm qradar, logrhythm & splunk enterprise. i involve in gamut of tasks by enhancing security operations functions, incident response time, and quality of analysing the incidents by constantly providing valuable feedback to the developers. i am also impeccable at phishing attacks/spam mails  documenting security records/escalating incidents including history and impact based on severity.  i ensure that the organization   s financial and personal information is not prone to theft by blocking intruders/domains/bot ip addresses from accessing the proprietary data. i have robust exposure in analyzing and preventing the lossage of customer data by efficiently handling aws (amazon web services) cloud portal & vmware cloud platform for alerts related to suspicious activity in the cloud environment.  i am adept at data/system/logs analysis, security analysis, maintenance of security frameworks, preventing hacker intrusion, service management using security management tools. also excellent communicator across all hierarchical levels and team player with effective leadership, quick-learner with sound decision making, problem solving, and interpersonal skills, together with a bottom-line business focus and a results-driven    can do    attitude individual.
cyber security professional with 5+ years of experience in planning, coordinating, implementing & evaluating the effectiveness of the systems & information security required to accomplish organization projects.  skills     application security practice development (methodology, checklist, guidelines, whitepapers etc)     manual/automated vulnerability assessment as per owasp top10     penetration testing     application security practice development (methodology, checklist, guidelines, whitepapers etc)     security testing of web-app, mobile-app, web-service, thick-client applications.     vulnerability assessment and penetration testing of infrastructure.     vulnerability research and presentation.     risk assessment     proposing recommendations/countermeasures     security tools  well versed with most of the industry standards open source and commercial tools.   specialties  information security, web application penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, mobile application security testing, web services security testing, thick-client security testing, network penetration testing and devsecops.
enthusiastic learner trying to explore more in cybersecurity field. keen on learning different ways to exploit bugs. skilled in  bug hunting , system hacking ,network hacking,website hacking.completed certification in ethical hacking,bug hunting,website hacking&penetration testing.
experienced information security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in web application penetration testing, mobile, api, and thick client penetration testing and also learning cloud services.  i am an active security researcher at bugcrowd, hackerone, and other platforms with multiple submissions and hall of fames by nokia, netflix, lenovo, irobot technology.  other skills  - vulnerability assessment and penetration testing (vapt) - application security (web, mobile, api, web services, thick client ) - network security - wireless security assessments - open source intelligence (osint) - automation
a penetration tester and a security researcher in various aspects of information security. i have a keen interest in the field of cyber security and i am really zestful and penchant about learning the same.
cybersecurity enthusiast who enjoy learning different aspects of cybersecurity     i play ctf's as my alias gk2savage, try pentesting machines on htb and vulnhub, linux fanboy and terminal fanatic(loves customizing my desktop), loves cryptography and currently studying about reverse engineering.
seeking for new challenges in cyber security and penetration testing also interested in complete vapt projects .
thanks for visiting my profile          htb username-- 0xprashant
ethical hacker, pentester, and scripter. experienced cyber forensics analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in python, bash, java, and javascript.  my area of expertise includes vulnerability assessment, penetration testing, computer forensics, ethical hacking and cyber law
.
hackup technology is set up by qualified professionals in the field of cyber security. with years of experience at various levels in the industry coupled with dedication and commitment we are able to offer the best in security related topics including ethical hacking, penetration testing and vulnerability assessment.  our training division arms the prospective security specialist with the latest weapons to emerge victorious in the battle against hackers, intruders and other evil forces in the cyber world. our services division offers penetration testing, evaluation of security preparedness, forensic investigation, monitoring your it environment and source code review. in short you have the best of both worlds, namely, tools to prevent cyber crime and investigative procedures to book the criminal after the crime.
looking for working opportunities in abroad.
cyber security analyst, currently pursuing b.tech from cse at dr. a.p.j. abdul kalam technical university (apjaktu)
an information security enthusiast with over 6+ year   s total experience in vapt, red team, blue team, incident handling and risk assessment. i conduct penetration testing on systems, web applications and network devices, and vulnerability assessments on wifi and mobile applications. able to create custom payloads for penetration testing and have knowledge of buffer overflow attack. also conduct secure coding assessments using checkmarx tool.  handled couple of red team projects successfully by compromising physical security & network security, and gained server   s rdp and terminal access. also have knowledge of security appliances such as firewalls, ids/ips, web gateway and arcsight siem tool to perform log analysis for incident handling, as a blue team member. area of interest includes penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, red team projects, exploit development, r&d, defense strategies and reverse engineering malware analysis.
experienced web application penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in  ethical hacking, bug hunting, linux and penetration testing. strong information technology professional with a me focused in it system and network security from gtupgschool.
experienced penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in various web based project and mobile applications. skilled in penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, vulnerability management, owasp top 10. knows various security tools. security test planning. security training. strong quality assurance professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in computer science from techno india njr institute of technology.
i have been learning ethical hacking/cybersecurity since 2017 and currently working at bug bounty hunting as independent researcher. looking for a job to enhance my skill and knowledge with infosec companies.
a cyber security evangelist has experience of more than 13+ years in security domain. chairing and part of various cyber security organizations. chairman of national information security council & founder of hackers day. chief executive officer & chief training officer of cybershristi infosolutions private limited.
an observer, coder, hacker and  a developer pursing b.tech (computer science & engineering ) from lovely professional university. expert in creative problem-solving, cyber security expert , docker , dev ops , machine learning with a.i , ctf player, web penetration tester , network penetration tester and more.  founder  aliensamongus1.blogspot.com  certification in cnss and certified ethical hacker from icsi and ec-council university respectively. having two more certifications in digital forensic and certified forensic expert.  has done many projects in the python, c and c++ language and in the field of electrical and electronics.  like - electricity bill, toll booth, library management system,school management system, and electricity generator, automatic cycle,line following robot etc.   right now working on machine learning with a.i in a filed of computer vision. trying to connect machine learning with cyber security.   has designed a few websites like - blood donation, hospital care, online dating site by html5, css, javascript.   cyber security is a shared responsibility, and it boils down to this  in cyber security, the more systems we secure, the more secure we all are   mail   rgyan619 gmail.com github  github.com/rgyan619
managing director with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in management, development, and security testing.   looking for skilled resources. we at techiefrogs provide corporate training for students/graduates with all kind of skill set industry required.
cyber security expert, penetration tester,  application security,  network security , network & server auditor, vulnerability assessor, malware analyst, security architect, devsecops, aws, azure, security code reviewer, red teamer
experienced manager corporate strategy with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in computer forensics, forensic toolkit (ftk), social engineering, information security, and linux. strong business development professional with a master's degree focused in digital forensic and cybercrime analysis from staffordshire university.
cyber security instructor  redteam academy, hackthebox player, pentester
i'm a final year computer science student from amrita vishwa vidyapeetham.  i have a keen interest in cybersecurity and computer networks. i love to write technical blogs as well.  i'm passionate about technology and can talk about it for hours.  when i'm not working, i'm a gastronomic traveller. i also read, swim and shoot photos.  reach out to me at (+91) 8281776347 or navaneeths1301 gmail.com.
cyber security enthusiast
offensive security certified professional (oscp) looking to make career in penetration testing, hacker rank on hackthebox, and trying to explore exploit writing.  
experienced digital forensic investigation and information security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in cyber-security, acunetix, php, nessus, and owasp,autopsy,encase. strong information technology professional with a mca focused in it from himalayas university .
being a masterpiece in plethora of linux systems descending through ages, i have a deep insight into world of information security as well. these two skills go hand in hand. also, being a skilled and vivid programmer greatly enriches my outreaching knowledge to the humanity, at large. enthusiastic to take challenges, i always grow and evolve upto a remarkable height every adventurous errand. till date, i have been authorized for many technically challenged works which were successfully implemented by me and this will be definitely continued.
to obtain a crowning status in the technological industry as an efficient certified ethical hacker
penetration tester, bug bounty hunter, ethical hacker, cyber security expert, trainer, you tuber, social media influencer.he has also a youtube channel name is    pratech tutorials    having more that 4k+ subscribers. he has participated in many bug bounties program & recognized by many big tech companies like    nciipc-rvdp(govt. of india) ,dell, nokia, intel, pinterest much more.
i am a undergraduate student at vit bhopal university pursuing my btech degree in computer science engineering specialization in cybersecurity and digital forensic.i am passionate about learning new and interesting knowledge in cybersecurity and hacking field.i am very much interested in as blockchain developer.as for now i am looking internship.
28+ years of experience in it industry 11+ years of wall street (new york) it experience. managed global data-centers hosting online low latency stock trading  websites designed cyber security for infrastructure and applications connecting to nyse, nasdaq designed disaster recovery global sites for 600+ servers online trading infrastructure worked in finance, media and manufacturing domains expertise in technology operations, support, information security and delivery strong it infrastructure architecture and cyber security skills  specialties  it security designing, planning, auditing it performance improvement and infrastructure monitoring solutions designing disaster recovery planning and migration specialist expertise in it process automation to increase roi (returns on investment) expertise in outsourcing strategies and resource management expertise in virtualization of globally dispersed data center infrastructures ethical hacker and certified penetration tester iso 27001 2013 certified lead auditor (irca, uk) iso 22301 2012 certified lead auditor (irca, uk) certified gdpr lead implementor  certified scada penetration tester
experienced in application security testing, penetration testing, adversarial attack simulation, vulnerability assessment, offensive cyber security, internal infrastructure security assessments and red team assessments.  founder of red team village community lead organizer of def con group trivandrum  intelligent automation of penetration testing as well as vulnerability assessments  cyber security researcher, blogger and public speaker.  threat intelligence, malware analysis, bot hunting and ctf competitions as a hobby! hacker by profession  wanderlust by heart!
b.tech in cs at bncet ( aktu ) skilled in python, linux & pentesting. individual ctf player seeking for an internship in cybersecurity
a very passionate coder who desires to learn and explore technical and problem solving . trying to acquire as many skills are possible.
experienced as senior information security officer with a demonstrated history of working in the information security governance, risk and compliance. managing business continuity planning in disaster recovery scenarios. skilled of vulnerability assessment and penetrations testing, cyberark pim, banking regulatory reporting and audit compliance, security information and event management (siem), security operations center, and enterprise security tools implementation and management. strong consulting professional with a master of digital forensic & information assurance focused in digital forensic from gujarat forensic science university.
spread awareness about cyber security and make internet a better place.
    mobile app/web app pentesting     infrastructure penetration testing     wifi pentesting     config, architecture review, hardening    0x03le3t
author & security researcher at hacking articles (www.hackingarticles.in). ec-council certified ceh v10 & chfi v9. hacking articles is a comprehensive source of information on cyber security, computer forensics, ethical hacking, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.
seeking for a role to contribute my pen-testing abilities with a mid-large size firm where i can contribute towards upcoming technology innovations and manage key projects that impact the organisation as well as broaden my scope of learning from the organisation   s team members.
security researcher at hacking articles (www.hackingarticles.in). hacking articles is a comprehensive source of information on cyber security, computer forensics, ethical hacking, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.   top 50 infosec blogs digital guardian described by digital guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative infosec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.   top 100 information security blogs for data security professionals the best information security blogs from thousands of top information security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. data will be refreshed once a week.  69 information security blogs you should be reading information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. in an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.     10 information security blogs you should be reading this is our collection of important and informative infosec blogs from the industry   s top leaders. the 150+ most influencial blogs and content contributors in infosec we analyzed more than 150 blogs, magazines and similar sites contributing relevant content in the 150 most influencial cyber security blogs and publications by category - pie chart infosecthe area of it security. 
i m looking for an internship and want to work on live project in the field of cyber security and hacking. i want to be cyber security expert and ethical hacker and want to grow #indian cyber army    .
experience working as security team lead, certified ethical hacker with full project life cycle of security analysis, design, security assessments  and documentation mainly in web application security testing and mobility applications.  static code review(sast)- ibm source code, hp fortify, checkmarx, manual code review. dynamic testing(dast)- ibm appscan, hp webinspect, qualys, burp, charles, owasp zap penetration testing on webapps mobile applications- native, hybrid( device apps, simulator/emulator). platform- android, ios, windows. performed vulnerability assessment, configuration audit, linux systems, iphone apps for telecom domain. risk management, security audits, threat modelling performed security assessment for  oracle primavera suites. performed security assessment for mdm, ios, android, windows apps. project management, security governance, risk management.
it's all about the dedication that you keep on learning. when you are interested in something, treat it like one and only option and go through it until you win.
solution-driven professional excelling in highly collaborative work environment, finding solutions to challenges and focused on customer satisfaction. proven experience developing consumer-focused web sites using html, css, jquery, php and javascript. experience building products for desktop, phone and mobile app users, meeting highest standards for web design, user experience, best practices, usability and speed. responding to challenges by designing and developing solutions and building web applications aligned to customer's services. translating solutions into code and working across many different apis, third-party integrations and databases.
 its our choices, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.  ~ albus dumbledore, harry potter and the chamber of secrets an avid potterhead, hailing from the venice of the east, udaipur, a city known for its lakes, palaces and royal heritage.  professionally i am a qa engineer, holding expertise in web security testing (vapt). because of my interest in the field of cyber security, i also interned  at state cyber cell, indore, which helped me develop my skills in cyber crime investigation and cyber law. i also hold ec council's certification-ceh and chfi.
ethical hacking |  cyber security enthusiast |  bash scripting
awarded with most trusted security leader 2019 by synack at rsa conference   specialties  information security, penetration testing, vulnerability assessments, exploit writing, reverse engineer 
breaking security to make it safe        
making the best of networking and security.creating network design implementing it and performing pentesting to get the vulnerabilities out and fixed.
admin at hacking articles (www.hackingarticles.in). hacking articles is a comprehensive source of information on cyber security, computer forensics, ethical hacking, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.   top 50 infosec blogs digital guardian described by digital guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative infosec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.top-50-infosec-blogs-you-should-be-reading  top 100 information security blogs for data security professionals the best information security blogs from thousands of top information security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. data will be refreshed once a week.
information_security_blogs/   69 information security blogs you should be reading information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. in an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.     10 information security blogs you should be reading this is our collection of important and informative infosec blogs from the industry   s top leaders. 
author at hacking articles (www.hackingarticles.in). hacking articles is a comprehensive source of information on cyber security, computer forensics, ethical hacking, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.   top 50 infosec blogs digital guardian described by digital guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative infosec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders. top-50-infosec-blogs-you-should-be-reading  top 100 information security blogs for data security professionals the best information security blogs from thousands of top information security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. data will be refreshed once a week. information_security_blogs/   69 information security blogs you should be reading information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. in an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.   10 information security blogs you should be reading this is our collection of important and informative infosec blogs from the industry   s top leaders. 
penetration tester at amrita cyber security research labs for the last 4 years. in charge of pentesting amrita university's internet facing websites in various languages and frameworks inc jboss, nodejs, django, flask, php, etc. coordinator of india's first cyber security ctf competition for school students, junior.inctf.in, and conducts yearly cyber security awareness workshop cybergurukulam. member of india's first and highest rated ctf team, team bi0s. successful bug bounties with google, microsoft, amazon, ebay, github, gitlab, etc. have conducted web application security sessions for various bodies including ihrd, kerala (tvm, 2015 & 2016), ministry of human resource development, andhra pradesh (2016), and various schools and colleges inc psg college of technology (coimbatore, 2016), sree narayana guru college, (kochi, 2017), amrita vidyalayam schools(2016) etc to name a few.  ps  this summary is outdated by 2 years and won't be updated anymore.
pentester...right now an lcsp soon be an oscp knowledge is like underwear it is useful to have it but not  necessary to show it off all the time...
i am currently 3rd year student at bce patna. currently studying python for everybody by coursera. make a project using sqlite during course i also get support from great friend (ajey,manoj).
author hacking articles (www.hackingarticles.in). hacking articles is a comprehensive source of information on cyber security, computer forensics, ethical hacking, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.   top 50 infosec blogs digital guardian described by digital guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative infosec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.    top 100 information security blogs for data security professionals the best information security blogs from thousands of top information security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. data will be refreshed once a week.    69 information security blogs you should be reading information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. in an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.     10 information security blogs you should be reading this is our collection of important and informative infosec blogs from the industry   s top leaders.  the 150+ most influencial blogs and content contributors in infosec we analyzed more than 150 blogs, magazines and similar sites contributing relevant content in the 150 most influencial cyber security blogs and publications by category - pie chart infosecthe area of it security.
i am working at pentester academy as research and development intern. i have experience with building automation tools and scripts for penetration testing or red teaming purposes. i have worked on blockchain to build a proof of concept for command and control servers my certifications oscp oswe
pentesting in web applications front end web developer python programmer
looking for a job. skilled in web application penetration testing, network penetration testing, python, javascript,html,networking,cyber security, security concept, network defence and counter measure. strong engineering professional graduate from center for development of advance computing.
experienced co-founder with a demonstrated history of working in the non-profit organization management industry. skilled in microsoft word, management, continuous improvement, teamwork, and leadership. strong business development professional.
masters student specialized in cybersecurity. skilled in kali linux, web application security, and vulnerability assessment, web development and python focused in information technology from jain university
ejpt | cyber security aspirant | ctf player | htb
i am professional in penetration testing and vulnerability assessment. anyone need to check their networks, systems & database and web application to be free from vulnerabilities please inbox me your details.  i will do automated and manual testing and will provide a detail report that includes risk description, observation, remediation.  * network security services * web application pen-testing services * computer/mobile forensic investigation services * vulnerability assessment & penetration testing services * seminars/work shops/corporate training(india/worldwide)
interest in ethical hacking & penetration testing
i am a veritable and experienced cyber security professional with a demonstrated history of working in the it industry. i also hold a master degree in cyber security. i have also done many researches works on application security project, vulnerability assessment, penetration testing, web application penetration testing, web services penetration testing, mobile application penetration testing which are very helpful as they are so proactive.   author at hacking articles (www.hackingarticles.in). hacking articles is a comprehensive source of information on cyber security, computer forensics, ethical hacking, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.
it experience with 1+ years of professional experience as a penetration tester. now i   m the certified ethical hacker, so i want to explore my knowledge in cyber security field, where my technical knowledge will expand by zettabytes and which will utilize the creativity, focus and discipline that i put into my work. i have been entrusted for handling the vulnerability assessment & penetration testing for the organization as well as of client projects. professional skills     web application, android application testing and malware analysis.     network security testing.     compliance audit.     help plan and carry out an organization   s way of handling information security.     install and use of software such as firewall and data encryption program to protect sensitive information.     help computer users when they need to install or learn about new security product and procedure.
have professional career of 7 years, with experience in it security field at mid-level management. worked in data leakage prevention (dlp)technology, web application firewall (waf), security operation center (soc), siem, application security testing (dast), vulnerability assessment (va), penetration testing (pt). good customer relationship, facilitation, and organization skills quick learner with outstanding analytical and problem-solving skills. committed team member with interest to learn new skills and technologies.
a highly organized and enthusiastic individual looking for a responsible position to gain industrial experience. passionate about cyber security in vapt domain. looking for a challenging role in a reputable organization to utilize my technical and management skills for the growth of organisation.
a security professional with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in network pentesting, ethical hacking, web applications security, linux, penetration testing, python and bash.  strong information technology professional with the prestigious offensive security certified professional(oscp). a regular bug bounty hunter and helped many companies in securing their applications through their bug bounty programs and responsible disclosures and named in their hall of fame. 
experienced with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in html, ethical hacking, security consulting, information security, and linux. strong it security professional with a master of science (msc) focused in information security from royal holloway, university of london.
specialties   vulnerability assessment and penetration testing red teaming ad infrastructure vapt configuration audit source code review  aslc exploit development linux hardening  languages hands-on  assembly, c, python and linux shell scripting  sarang has over 10 years of experience helping organisations excel in the areas of application security, architecture, server, network and application vapt. he has a proven record of successfully delivering security advisory services to insurance, government and private sectors. - proven experience in conducting vapt and red teaming assessments for mid - large scale organisations - conducted over 100 vulnerability assessments and penetration tests for multiple government and private sector organisations - conducted over 10 rtas - over 7 years of experience in application security, coding, scripting, fuzzing, writing security tools as per requirements, including assessing ids/ips/firewall bypassing techniques - strong technical background in both applications and infrastructure vapt with experience in large and complex environments. specialties  application security, server security, network security, linux hardening, ad infrastructure vapt, red teaming, etc...
keen technician and pentester with experience of web application - api - network pentesting,  forensics, and tools. learning  reverse engineering, red teaming, android & ios application pentest. computer science engineering, looking forward to using a creative approach to solve the problem.  i am a dependable person who is great at time management and always energetic and eager to learn new skills.
result driven, insightful cybersecurity professional with technical and managerial intelligence, surpassing the years of experience.  i am an engineer currently working at a reputed cybersecurity consulting firm, alongside pursuing post graduation through distance education. my skills include vapt, it security audits, secure configuration review, forensics and project management demonstrated at clients across industry sectors. i hold 4 years of full-time corporate work experience, and have relevant industry reputed certifications. i am looking for senior level opportunities which complement my area of interest and expertise.
senior security researcher at pentester academy and attackdefense. having 7+ years of experience in network and web application security. previously worked with the state law enforcement agencies in the capacity of a digital forensics investigator and was instrumental in solving it fraud/crime cases.   currently responsible for conducting all the pentesteracademy.com certification exams. also, working on attackdefense.com - online browser based peneration testing labs, iot and active directory projects.  i have managed developing and testing the chigula (wifi forensics framework) and chellam (first pure wifi firewall) frameworks. created and managed multiple projects like vulnerable web application oses, vulnerable router project and damn vulnerable wordpress. presented/published work at blackhat, wireless village, iot village and demo labs (defcon). areas of interest include forensics, wifi and ad security, network anaylsis, network and web pentesting.   featured tools/talks  - voipshark  open source voip analysis platform (defcon china 2019) - widy  wifi 0wnage under $5 (arsenal, blackhat asia 2017 and demolabs, defcon 25) - iids  iot intrusion detection system (iot village, defcon 25) - wimonitor  openwrt package for remote sniffing (demolabs, defcon 25) - deceptacon  deception in wifi (wireless village, defcon 25) - voip wireshark attack-defense toolkit (blackhat asia 2019)
currently pursuing cpte(certified penetration testing expert) from pristine infosolutions.
programmer, network pentester, gamer
information security analyst whose qualifications includes detailed knowledge of security tools and technologies. experience in web security & system malware, web malware , php development,kusto query language,correlation rule writing,thread hunting,mobile app security,web application security,working on  microsoft threat protection team.web malware researcher. having detailed knowledge on owas top 10 for mobile,api,web. having reverse engineering knowledge on android applications. worked on microsoft advance threat protection, office 365 security, microsoft azure cloud security, microsoft defender.
worked in malware analysis and have done static analysis ,dynamic analysis of malwares ,  memory forensics using volatility and rekall, memory imaging using different tools and techniques and also worked in vulnerability assessment and penetration testing, open source intelligence gathering. web application security auditing.
    information security professional with 10+ years it security experience in executing ethical hacking and information security consulting assignments.     ceh, oscp certified professional     active member of null hyderabad chapter.     vulnerability research and disclosure     web application penetration testing as per owasp standards     penetration testing / vulnerability assessment of the networks & systems
life is full of struggle. be strong and focus on ur aim. stay work hard and learn from things. thing big... #ab
cyber security professional with a strong interest and knowledge in owasp top 10, sans 25, ethical hacking, such as web application pentesting, android application pentesting, api pentesting, vulnerability assessment, code review. experience in scripting languages including python and bash. excellent task management. ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously. experience with security tools such as kali linux, metasploit, and burp suite pro. proficient in translating information from technical to executive/management terminology.
helping many students, who are all want to become a real time pentesing experts | vulnerability assessment penetration tester, network & web applications security | bug bounty hunter | also ethical hacking trainer
it professional passionate about developing and securing websites with deep interest in development, strategy building, research, ethical hacking, penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, and network security. i   m a self-motivated person and am an effective team player with a strong ability to multitask and resolve issues quickly. open to new opportunities and challenges.
b.tech 4th year student  #ceh #javascript #python #pen testing #web penetration # vulnerability #bug_bounty
i believe my profile must show pride, not just proof and should tell a story and not a catalog ..   in short, i'm a technophile, designer & information security evangelist. i have exposure & experience in domains of web development, graphic designing, social media marketing & creative writing.
android developer | penetration tester | security researcher currently working in innefu labs. skilled in android application development and reversing. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused in information technology from maharaja surajmal institute of technology.
scsachin007 gmail.com
 )
a career-oriented dynamic cybersecurity aspirant with knowledge on multiple areas in security domains like network security, web application security, and pen testing along with previous experience in the field of business development and manual testing. currently, working with xiarch as a senior analyst consultant.  worked as an on-site consultant at multiple client locations to conduct various web application penetration testing, network penetration testing and, secure network architecture review as an individual contribution, manage and govern the team to ensure quality and adherence in the process. specialties  vulnerability assessments, forensic investigation, web application security testing penetration testing, network security, network architecture review, device configuration reviews, wi-fi penetration testing, application security, android penetration testing, freelance vapt, cert-in empanelled test, database security. certified as ceh (certified ethical hacker)
with around three years of experience in information security, tanveer has held various roles in the industry including info sec trainer, soc analyst, security analyst, and most recently, security consultant(vapt).  his approach to security emphasizes the need for offensive techniques to improve defensive capabilities.  tools/devices tanveer has used throughout his career  offensive     burp suite pro, appspider, acunetix, nikto, medusa, john the ripper, nmap, nexpose, nessus, owasp zap, metasploit, sqlmap, beef, ollydbg, immunity debugger, among others. defensive     palo alto firewall, hp arcsight, wireshark, microsoft atp, qradar ibm, etc. other     development of various tools in python for offensive, defensive, and operational automation.  tanveer stays active in the community by attending owasp, null con among other conferences and trainings. he is currently working to obtain an osce through offensive security cracking the parameter (ctp) course. in addition, tanveer advances his penetration testing skills by rooting hack the box and vulnhub vms.  goals  red teamer
strong leadership | risk-based strategic approach | self-motivated | result-oriented  - more than 15 years    experience as security professional with strong expertise in securing web applications, mobile app & apis and network infrastructure. - demonstrated expertise in establishing & implementing information security program for an indonesian unicorn start-up with proven track record of no security breaches for consecutive 20 months. - designed & implemented automated tool-based vulnerability management framework that continuously monitors & detects security threats & vulnerabilities. - independent vulnerability researcher & well-known personality in indian security community specialized in discovering browser bugs and bug bounty hunter in past. advisories   speaker & trainer at nullcon goa 2013, ground zero summit 2014 & c0c0n 2012, 2014. - offensive security certified professional (oscp). - architected, developed, and released a learning platform and playground for web application client-side vulnerability exploitation - bodhi 
information security is illusion & i'm illusionist.      hacking is nothing more than nescience.     
i am on a mission to help companies improve their security by finding and reporting security vulnerabilities to them and closely working with them until vulnerabilities/bugs are fixed.      personal technical experience     previously, i worked at ncc group in their new york office with best security consultants in the world, where i worked on various penetration testing projects  which included application security, api security.       i participate in bug bounty programs of facebook, google, twitter, snapchat, etc. and i consistently look up for new bugs. in this process as technology keeps progressing, i keep learning new techniques and new vulnerabilities and add it to my cavalry.  for facebook bug bounty, i am actively reporting security issues to facebook since 2014. for which i am listed on facebook whitehat page  for 4 consecutive years i.e. 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017. i am successful in spotting 50+ valid security issues on facebook. the most significant discoveries on facebook were deleting any video from facebook and another bug allowed me to use `facebook search` and extract private information related to pages, apps, games, etc. of any user. on hackerone(bug bounty platform), i am successful in spotting over 150+ valid bugs on different programs. programs on hackerone include slack, snapchat, square, shopify, twitter, dropbox, etc.      speaking     i was a speaker at bugcrowd's levelup 0x02 conference  - may 2018 (online)     i was invited as a guest speaker at freebuf's fit conference at shanghai, china - dec 2018 (1200+ attendees)     i was invited as a guest speaker at bountycon by facebook & google at facebook apac hq, singapore - mar 2019     i spoke at bsides ahmedabad, ahmedabad, india - nov 2019      how can i/we help you  i can help your company improve security by offering pentesting services. i/we specialize in the following      perform penetration testing and security review of web apps/mobile apps/web services/apis     vulnerability assessment and penetration testing (vapt)     application security (web, mobile, api)     network security     research new vulnerabilities and keep organization protected.  feel free to message me here or email me with your pentesting requirements at pranav peritusinfosec.com.
i'm learning every day, bcz... i belivd tech is damn loop#...     learn by mistakes and practice, not by smpls and exmpls !!... 
pankaj is an information security enthusiast who has an overall experience of 2+ years in vulnerability assessment and penetration testing space and has experience in application security testing, red teaming, code reviews, etc. and skilled in multiple programming languages like python, php, javascript, bash, etc.  pankaj is an oscp certified security professional and can perform professional security tests and effectively communicate remediation steps to clients to help them prevent, detect, and respond to security threats. also stays up-to-date with existing and latest technologies and generally spends time finding misconfigurations in web applications & open source projects.
l am a security analyst and i done my training from cyberops llp jaipur ,i achieve security certificate also i am a python developer,know java good in dbms , data structure , and networking.
interested in all kind of security related topics - reversing, obfuscation, exploitation, cryptography etc. currently involved in mobile application security. i have been working to secure applications for various industries including fintech, banks and governments.
programmer || engineer ctf player || white hat guy!
technology enthusiast.  always onboard to learn new things in the field of computer sciences. exploring my potential in cybersecurity and machine learning
security researcher at pentester academy (and securitytube). pentester academy is a pioneer in online on-demand infosec training. we are mainly focused on doing cutting-edge research and convert it into highly efficient, structured content for our customers. we run online infosec subscription-based training at pentester academy (www.pentesteracademy.com) and certification based courses on securitytube trainings. we also maintain world   s largest collection of security-related videos under the banner of securitytube (www.securitytube.net) which is freely accessible to the public. our researchers regularly present their research and conduct trainings at world   s renowned security conferences like blackhat, defcon etc. in the past 7 years, we have trained over 9000 professionals from 90+ countries including enterprises such as ibm, cisco systems, new york times, kpmg, pwc, hp, sony, deloitte etc. in addition to the online trainings, we also conduct in-person trainings for our premium customers around the globe on special requests.  currently working on cloud security with mr. vivek ramachandran. other areas of interest are (but not limited to)  malware analysis, cryptography, wifi security and startups.
currently working in vulnerability assessment, incident response, hunt and digital forensics engaging in some malware analysis and reverse engineering.  my hobbyist background and passion is in software vulnerability research and exploit development, familiar with a vast array of memory corruption vulnerability classes as well as exploit mitigation evasion strategies.  exploit development, proficient in the use of fuzzing tools and techniques such as gdb, immunity debugger, and ghidra to discover, validate, and develop zero-day exploits against both windows and linux applications. familiar and well-practised in the use of egghunters, aslr bypasses, stack pivots, long jumps, short jumps, unicode and alphanumeric encoding as well as simple stack-smashing and multi-stage shellcode.
actively looking for job opportunities in vapt, web application penetration testing, security researchers, security analysts, penetration testing, malware analysts, or any entry level role in cyber security domain.   currently pursuing my masters degree in cyber security.  currently pursuing  master degree in cyber-security  is powered by aforecybersec in association with ibm.     basic understanding of security aspects.     basic knowledge on security audit process and sop.     hands on experience on tools & technology  - burp suite, encryption & decryption, clouds and          services, sql injection, web application testing, vulnerabilities, security analysis etc.     basic programming on c, c++, java, html and currently enrolled for learning python.     i am fast learner and adaptable to any new learning environment and willingness to learn new tools          and techniques with trending technology for my career and growth.
ethical hacker, penetration tester, bug hunter, security researcher, blogger, fb page handler. mahendra also have a facebook page which name is  hacking tutotrials    having more than 1.6k+ likes & followers. mahendra participated in many responsible disclosure & bug finding programs & recognized by famous and multi-national tech companies like - dell, nciipc-rvdp(gov. of india), huawei, indeed, nokia, hackerearth, boardgamegeek, cybrary  and much more
experienced information | cyber security engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the it security and services industry. skilled and have expertise in mcafee, crowdstrike, forcepoint, f-secure, sophos it security solutions, edr, dlp, casb windows server, networking, vmware vsphere, vmware esxi,  and endpoint security solution.
hey there ,  i am a second year student of sharda university , pursuing b.tech in computer science specialized in cyber security and forensics . i am proficient in c , c++ , python , java , web development , web application penetration testing .   i am a security enthusiast who loves to talk about new technologies in trend
final year computer science and engineering student with effective knowledge in pentesting/vapt with extensive experience of online security packages and tools. i am actively looking for an opportunity as penetration tester/vapt, cyber security analyst, security analyst, system administration.
i have a passion for working with the combination of hardware and software, with cyber security specifically on working with command line being my strongest interest. having an ability to think creatively and strategically to penetrate security systems. quick learner & highly energetic with a keen aptitude for learning and applying new knowledge resourcefully.
akanksha verma is an information security enthusiast who has an overall experience of 2+ years in vulnerability assessment and penetration testing space and has experience in application security testing and skilled in multiple programming languages like python, php, bash, etc.  akanksha is author and creator of multiple ctf like machines published on vulnhub and she is currently learning and focusing on secure code review. she is continuously working on empowering women in cybersecurity.
nikhil mittal is a hacker, infosec researcher, speaker and enthusiast. his area of interest includes penetration testing, attack research, defence strategies and post exploitation research. he has 10+ years of experience in penetration testing for his clients which include many global corporate giants. he is also a member of red teams of selected clients.  he specializes in assessing security risks at secure environments that require novel attack vectors and  out of the box  approach. he has worked extensively on active directory attacks and bypassing detection mechanisms and offensive powershell for red teaming. he is creator of kautilya, a toolkit that makes it easy to use hids in penetration tests and nishang, a post exploitation framework in powershell. in his spare time, nikhil researches on new attack methodologies and updates his tools and frameworks.  nikhil has held trainings and boot camps for various corporate clients (in us, europe and se asia), and at the world   s top information security conferences.  he has spoken at conferences like defcon, blackhat, cansecwest, brucon, 44con and more.
who am i  by profession  red teamer, penetration tester, exploit author, malware analyst and bug bounty hunter by education  bachelor of cse student  what do i do  at day  rainbow six  siege, cs go at night  ctf, wargames, breaking boxes, lurking in systems that i don't own technically but professionally  what have i done so far  1. got into  security hall of fame  of some popular mnc's including but not limited to microsoft, facebook, sony, flipkart, seagate, mcafee etc. 2.  competed in almost 30 ctf's so far  what are things that i fancy doing  lockpicking, exploring world (wanderlust), diy stuff (i like breaking things, don't mind fixing though  linkedin  you're right there! phone  it's quite easy to find or you can just ask me  )
hi, i am nishant! i am a cybersecurity researcher and trainer, currently handling r&d at pentester academy. my employer is a sequoia surge funded company ( that trains security professionals on the art and science of defeating hackers and making the internet safer. our current customers are fortune 500 companies, universities, defense, and law enforcement agencies from 90+ countries.    after completing my master's degree in information security from iiit delhi, i joined mojo networks (acquired by arista), provider of enterprise-grade wifi ips and access points system. i learned about different aspects of wifi security there while working on access point and wips features/bugs/enhancements.  after that, i joined pentester academy and currently heading the r&d team. i have also spoken/trained at blackhat, def con, hitb, rootcon, owasp nz conferences for past few years.  are you are interested in the continuous capability building (in cybersecurity) in your organization or knowing more about next-gen cybersecurity training labs  let's talk  
i   m a cyber security enthusiast  with 5 years of experience in penetration testing of web and mobile applications using different tools including burp suite, owasp zap, acunetix ,sql map,androbugs,genymotion and ibm appscan.expert in manually analyzing requests/responses, planning different attacks ,look for the common vulnerabilities, segregate false positives findings for the perfect results.in-depth knowledge on owasp top 10 vulnerabilities and other  attacks.
experienced security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and service industry. skilled in dynamic (web) application security testing ,vulnerability assessment and penetration testing,web service (apis) security testing,thick client and vdi (citrix) penetration testing, static(source code) assessment security testing.
result-oriented professional with 5 years    experience in s/w development ,erp design and implementation and support certified ethical hacker. excellent business analysis skillset and business acumen.  post-graduate qualification in technology management.   competencies  golang,core java,burpsuite,nmap etc
    a focused it security professional with more than 3 years of experience in it and secure data processing /security printing industry.     a skilled professional currently working with tata technologies ltd as security analyst with strong analytical, technical, and innovation skills to support and guard organizations against security breaches.     proven ability to develop strong relationships across cultures and to provide decisive team leadership in a fast-paced environment.     skilled in     application vapt testing, deployment of security solutions, risk management and compliance.
independent penetration tester.
guy having knowledge in cyber security with keen interests in penetration testing, reverse engineering.
i trust only practical knowledge ,neither theoratical. i dont care ,what people think about meeee....
i'm a cybersecurity ctf player, full stack developer and deep learning ethusiast with an interest to learn things by doing it. have a rank of hacker on hackthebox.  looking for job opportunities
we offer penetration testing and offensive vulnerability assessment services for our clients. you can try our free assessment before moving to a contract optionally! we have helped several renowned organisations secure their flaws through bug bounty programs like google, facebook, and more!  we also specialize in domain acquisition, brokerage and branding guidance. domain names are the virtual real estate. we deal and focus on short, memorable and liquid names, feel free to connect with you to discuss business opportunities. some of our notable short domain name acquisitions  eign.com | loiq.com
certified ethical hacker / pentester / web development / mobile application development / web application development / team leadership / video editor / events planner / photography / cyber security / computer network / kali linux master / social media marketing / digital marketing / affiliate marking
doing a major in electronics and communication from guru gobind singh indraprastha university   i have studied languages such as c/c++, python(intermediate) and kali linux(advanced). machine learninig(intermediate). currently working as a penetration tester at hackthebox! hacker at hackthebox.eu     i'm efficient in my work and can easily juggle large numbers easily!
with a lot of passion for cybersecurity from the kid, i started to learn penetration testing from a remote village without the internet! slowly with persistence, i pursued oscp and started to learn red teaming. now i   m doing red team engagements successfully for various clients around the globe and helping them to fix their security gaps.  i've expertise with the following exercises which helped many organizations across the globe,    i) red teaming   ii) advanced persistent threat  iii) network penetration test  iv) web application penetration test   v) mobile application penetration test  vi) wireless penetration test vii) source code audit viii) open source intelligence gathering (osint)
8+ years of freelancing experience as a business constant with a strong knowledge of -    businesses strategy    business branding    product promotion    public speaking    sales and marketing    digital marketing + advertising    event management & photography    web engineering - full stack developer    cyber security - penetration testing    cyber forensic - computer hacking forensic investigator  currently hiring freelancing online bidders - business developers.  inbox your cv, contact details, present salary & expected fixed salary/fixed commission to get started.
hi iam a seo and one of main  provider of smm services , a digital marketer ,bugbounter, cybersecurity student , learning new things day by day
cehv9, oscp hall of fame  google, sony, microsoft, nokia, opera, asus, shopclues, deutsche telekom, hubspot, pinterest, kenna security, volusion, freelancer, utwente and many more.
it professional with strong interest in ethical hacking, penetration testing, vulnerability analysis, and network security. experienced and skilled in cyber security, website development, wapt. hard-working, energetic, personable, and technical-minded individual, passionate about public speaking, human psychology. possess exceptional communication skills with strong ability to multitask and resolve issues quickly.
the best qualities of mine is that i am dedicated to my work my responsibilities and always enthusiastic to learn new things
passionate cyber security researcher. experiences with analyzing cyber threats, finding bug in web application , android application , vulnerability assessment and pentesting.  experience   web application and network  pentesting, mobile pentesting, malware analysis, virtualization.
ever since i was a kid i was fascinated by computers and how computers work, i wanted to know ins and outs everything and that got me started in the computer science field. i did my graduation and now i'm pursuing masters in cyber law and information technology and day by day i'm getting better. i aspire to be a pentester and putting all the work in it.
experienced security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry.  skilled in web application security, computer networking,  thick clients penetration testing and itil service management .
a young penetration tester who is a cybersecurity geek and a redteamer. currently at the 'prohacker' rank  hackthebox pentest labs. has a youtube channel where i post tutorials on android exploitation, web application exploitation and privilege escalation. i am also basic python scripter, currently learning buffer overflow exploit development and  active directory exploitation.
web application & android/ios penetration tester   just one think. ask to your self, who am i  
i completed my internships in networking r & s iso certification and also completed my internships in soc cybersecurity and completed my training in ethical hacking and penetration testing and web development android development and mobile security and vapt
a process-oriented, seasoned cyber security professional,information risk management, business requirements development, and security policy lifecycle management. i'm smart working security researcher & analyst, with experience in various aspects of cyber security. i'm eminent and qualified with the ability to bridge the knowledge and common platform gap between the underground hackers, security researcher and law enforcement through various projects. my efforts are supported and endorsed by administrators and members of various underground hacking groups, security researcher and communities worldwide.
tarun currently  works as a cyber security analyst for tata consultancy services ltd. he is pursuing his passion for cyber security. his research areas include network and web application offensive security. he is mainly into red team activities. he is also directly involved with clients right  from effort estimation to status closure.   he is one of the recognized rvdp contributor of nciipc( a unit of ntro), government of india         . he was invited for an elite c-suite cybersecurity conference rvdp convention 2019 by  national critical information infrastructure protection centre  (nciipc). he was also invited for fossasia summit 2019, asia's premier open technology event, held in singapore. he was one of the finalist for hackquest 2.0, an ethical hacking competition conducted by tata consultancy services ltd., as an initiative to hire the best infosec minds right out from the university.  apart from these he received various other accolades for his remarkable performance in competitive coding.   tarun is highly skilled in networking and penetration testing. he loves experimenting and breaking stuff and at times puts them back together well, which range from computer games, apps, websites to mobiles, remote controllers and other hardware stuff.   he is certified in ethical hacking (ceh) as well as ccna (routing & switching) certification. he was selected by cisco for it's  global cyber scholarship program  under which he was completely sponsored and supported by cisco for getting trained and achieving cisco's ccna cyberops certification.    he loves to share his knowledge with everyone on medium and quora.  apart from security and networking, he has a thing for programming and iot. he also loves to read books and play games.
seeking entry level assignments in network security, application development & programming with a growth-oriented organization.
certified ethical hacker  penetration tester (website & network) cyber security specialist
experienced cyber security engineer with a demonstrated history of working in cloud,web hosting and retail industry. strong information technology professional skilled in web application/network - vulnerability assessment & penetration testing.
hi, i'm babashaheer ethical hacker by passion and security consultant by profession. i always believe in testing my mind and body for human endurance. this exploration has catalyzed my efficiency linearly. thus i have exercised to, never give up . my parents have always inculcated a thought ,  to reach an extra mile we need to invest more energy levels .
acknowled by oneplus , dell , mastercard , american express , nciipc and many more.  bug hunter | security analyst | network pentesting  instagram and twitter     shreyasrx
oscp certified security consultant skilled in  penetration testing of web applications, thick client applications, mobile applications (android and ios) and network.  familiarity with threat modelling and have worked with docker containers.
currently working in cybersecurity field with technical knowledge of vulnerabilities,their exploits and mitigations also a experienced business development with a demonstrated history of working in the e-learning industry.
security researcher at hacking articles (www.hackingarticles.in). hacking articles is a comprehensive source of information on cyber security, computer forensics, ethical hacking, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.  top 50 infosec blogs digital guardian described by digital guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative infosec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.  blog/top-50-infosec-blogs-you-should-be-reading  top 100 information security blogs for data security professionals the best information security blogs from thousands of top information security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. data will be refreshed once a week. information_security_blogs/  69 information security blogs you should be reading information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. in an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.   10 information security blogs you should be reading this is our collection of important and informative infosec blogs from the industry   s top leaders.   the 150+ most influencial blogs and content contributors in infosec we analyzed more than 150 blogs, magazines and similar sites contributing relevant content in the 150 most influencial cyber security blogs and publications by category - pie chart infosecthe area of it security. 
experienced security researcher and database programmer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in penetration testing, red team, oracle database, data analysis, ethical hacking, and vulnerability assessment. strong information technology professional with a doctor of philosophy - ph.d. focused in computer science and database management from rtmnu, nagpur. specializes in assessing security risks at secure environments that require novel attack vectors and  out of the box  approach. worked extensively on active directory attacks and bypassing detection mechanisms and offensive powershell for red teaming. interested in new attack methodologies, tools and frameworks. superior capacity to solve complex problems involving a wide variety of information systems, work independently on large-scale projects, and thrive under pressure in fast-paced environments while directing multiple projects from concept to implementation.
security engineer with 5+ years of experience in information security.  skilled in devsecops, red teaming and threat simulation, internal and external network penetration testing, application security testing, api security testing, database, server, and secure network configuration reviews.  below are, a few of the my responsibilities  and deliverable in last 5 years  conduct penetration testing of web applications, web services and it's cloud environments. develop poc/exploits for vulnerabilities identified. provide remediation guidance to identified vulnerabilities. solve complex vulnerabilities such as business logic flaws and articulate to both technical and non-technical partners. responsible for the technical execution and the quality of the deliverables for the engagements. secure source code analysis. integration of security tools in the ci/cd pipelines. perform mobile application security assessment. conduct application risk assessment / application control review. conduct network penetration testing, system vulnerability assessment & security configuration review. design, create, recognize and safely utilize attacker tools, tactics, and procedures. effectively communicate findings and strategy to client stakeholders including technical staff, executive leadership, and legal counsel. develop scripts, tools, or methodologies to enhance existing team processes. leading engagements with security & engineering teams from kick-off through remediation, and mentoring less experienced team mates. involvement in application architecture understanding, threat identification, vulnerability identification and control analysis. ensure completion of project on time, co-ordination for pre-requisites, tracking delays, etc give seminars for security awareness to client employees.
computer engineering student | ctf player | bug hunter | cyber security enthusiastic
highly self motivated, hard working individual with strong passion towards information security.  and very much interested in computer & network security and web application testing.
i have 3+ years of experience in followings    source code review  penetration testing web application pen-testing network and server pen-testing aws and azure penetration testing  mobile applications( ios and android) pen-testing    i have performed pen-testing for more than 150 websites, 20+ mobile devices.   in spite of approx 2 year experience in noc department in ericsson global pvt.ltd  , keen knowledge in network  and ericsson axe  , like citrix xenapp, citrix xenserver.
    cybersecurity engineer with 3.6 + years    experience in web and network penetration testing     certified ethical hacker     experience in handling information security tasks independently for the clients.     good knowledge on tools like burp suite, ibm appscan, qualys, and nessus.     owasp top 10, sans 25     conducted security assessments for web applications for a wide variety of business applications .           conducted infrastructure security assessment for various clients.
information security professional in the field of information security, risk assessment & management, information security audits. expertise in application security, network security, devsecops, vulnerability assessment and penetration testing, configuration review, network architecture reviews, cyber maturity assessments, cyber security readiness assessments, cyber security assessments.  he has keen interest in  vulnerability assessment and penetration testing,  information security governance,  networking,  pci-dss, risk management,  business continuity planning and contingency planning.  he is also certified iso27001 lead auditor and hold ce|h certification from ec council.
for updated resume please contact me         7+ years of experience in security tester & penetration tester (analyst)     passionate about information security and penetration testing, mobile application security and aws security.     worked for clients leading in the insurance and pension domain and telecommunication domain.     wide vulnerability assessment and penetration testing (v.a.p.t.) experience on web applications.     remarkable experience in manual and automation web application penetration testing.     good understanding of attack scenarios and common vulnerabilities.     sound knowledge on owasp web top 10     ability to communicate technical issues to technical and non-technical business area representatives.     ability to analyze test results and suggest mitigations for security problems.     handled documentation and reporting.     hands on experience on different vulnerability assessment and penetration testing (v.a.p.t.) tools
experienced chief executive officer and security researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in research, hacking and application development. strong business development professional with a bachelor of engineering focused in computer science from adhi college.  8 successful startups ( cybersecurity, development, education, careers, real estates, stock market, automobiles, food processing )  founder / ceo ( chief executive officer ) of techgreech groups #open source contributor         #linux operating system contributor | top 80 elite developer  #share code not shit         #securing websites all over the world  #python programmer  #running an non-profit organization since 2017 | techgreech education & careers and guiding students on importance of cybersecurity & other trending tech.  #inventor of keyfuck programming language  #former president of cybrarus ( cybersec community )   #education revamper  #living my life with my laptop and mobile phone...
enthusiastic ethical hacker eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. clear understanding of vulnerability assessment & penetration testing and bug hunting. motivated to learn, grow and excel in information security industry.  i am a certified ethical hacker v10 and currently i am at a global rank of 719 on the bug bounty platform bugcrowd.com. i have helped several organizations by responsibly reporting severe bugs through their responsible vulnerability disclosure program.
i am a passionate web application security researcher. love to play with web application. i am active bug bounty hunter over years . always want to learn new things . very much interested on cyber security
my self sai vinay reddee, i am a tech wizard, geek and an ethical hacker, i   m an alumnus of ec council, passed c|eh, c|lpt with flying colors and i aimed to secure the digital india with some of my knowledge.
i am working as information security analyst in it - networking for secure network , assets , data ,server, firewall ,dlp, ftp, interspire, g-suite, google app,nas, macafee endpoint protection , macafee encryption e-mail monitoring..!!
i have completed ethical hacking & penetration testing, web application penetration testing, white hat hacking v10, network security, annonimty & privacy, offensive bug bounty courses and also ceh v10, & currently pursuing ecsa
i always had a passion towards new technologies and inquisitive nature on how things happen in the field of cyber security. i transitioned my career into cyber security few years ago, after a considerable amount of experience in banking, customer services, healthcare, and technical support. since then, i have never looked back.  trained myself through online resources on comptia a+, network+ to get my basics right and moved on to achieve my certified ethical hacker (ceh v9) certification. quit my job leaving a major brand to join a freelancing startup to work in this amazing field of cyber security.  as a cyber security analyst, i was involved with deployment and maintenance of security devices such as firewalls, ids/ips (intrusion detection system/intrusion prevention system), routers, switches by secure configuration. setting up security controls in line with security policies and procedures to comply with organisation's compliance policies.  managed various projects involving vulnerability assessment & penetration testing (vapt), recommendation on remediation and mitigation methodologies. i have been fortunate to work with government agencies, financial institutions, universities & educational institutions, hospitals, small & medium businesses as well as individuals. my job ensures critical computer systems and confidential information remain active and never fail.  with continuous learning i always stay updated on the latest trends in information security to keep all our clients not only safe but also on the cutting edge in their field of business.  a hacker might not sleep to achieve the goals and the same goes for cyber security analysts. if everything runs smoothly and nothing suffers a glitch, then i know i did my job.  you can always reach me by dropping an email at   email address  mdsharifuddin279 gmail.com  professional skills summary   penetration testing tools  open source tools such as kali linux, parrot security os, metasploit, nessus, openvas, nmap, burp suite professional, etc. siem tools  splunk and qradar (through self learning, basic deployment and common log searches. ids/ips (intrusion detection and prevention) firewalls  palo alto ngfw, pfsense and other industry leading softwares & hardwares programming languages  basics python, shell scripting, javascript, php. operating systems  windows (all), macos, unix, linux, windows server 2012 r2, 2016.
experienced security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in ethical hacking, incident response, linux, vulnerability assessment, and server administration. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in instrumentaion and control engineering from tamilnadu college of engineering.
ceo & founder of  the hacktivists . i am skilled in vulnerability assessment and penetration testing with a demonstrated history of training professionals in cybersecurity across the globe.  we at  the hacktivists  are specialists in providing cybersecurity training for it professionals/ students in native and international languages.  also, we provide professional services and online training, such as  * seminars/work shops/corporate training(india/worldwide) * vulnerability assessment & penetration testing services * mobile(android/ios) application penetration testing * cloud application penetration testing services * web application penetration testing services * cloud security penetration testing services * security operation center (siem) training * secure code review (php/java/dot net) * exploit writing/development training * enterprise threat hunting training * iot device penetration testing * reverse engineering * pci dss services * malware analysis * cissp  if you/ your organization is interested in our training and services (explained above) then kindly inbox me for further discussions.
who is famous for finding bugs in some of the world   s most popular apps and websites.  he thrives off of    bug bounties            large cash prizes he earns from companies in exchange for successfully hacking their systems and showing them their security flaws.  anand is supremely good at what he does, having discovered vulnerabilities at companies like facebook, twitter, and uber.  for the past 5 years, facebook   s has ranked anand as one of their top bounty hunters. and on twitter   s bounty program, he   s ranked #3 world-wide.  anand   s reputation as a hacker has lead to him being featured in last year   s forbes    30 under 30    for enterprise technology in asia. and a major indian news website declared anand    one of india   s best known white hat hackers.    
hello visitors, so, you are visiting my profile, that means i have intrigued your interest in some way. i am sure you are a fellow cybersecurity enthusiast who seeks to learn and share their knowledge on this very topic.  here is me summed up  cybersecurity, ctfs(crypto & forensics), linux, python, ted-talks. i love all of the above mentioned.  co-founder, content developer and editor  seconset.in                                                                     python || c/c++ || bash scripting || linux || ctf technical content write-ups || pentesting || ctf player(  tryhackme, overthewire, ctflearn, picoctf)                           burpsuite        nmap        gobuster        dirbuster        dirb        metasploit-framework        zsteg        steghide        radare2        what inspires me                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ,                                                                                                       .   this quote has always inspired me to hustle more.  if you would like to have a conversation with me, please ping me at  pratyaksh.11702109 lpu.in singhpratyaksh10 gmail.com
hello..!!! this is bighnesh kumar pati currently pursuing b.tech in computer science and engineering from kalinga institute of industrial technology. i am a certified ethical hacker and penetration tester with certification from giac(gpen),ec council(c|ehv10), certification from it foundstone and has a completion certificate from udemy. i like to break the rules and walls behind the system for good means. i am open to different job oppertunaties as a penetration tester, red teaming and cyber security analysis.
hey there , i've worked in fields like graphic designing , web development and the software development. i know languages like python, java, c/c++, html5, css3, data structures and basics of android, i love cybersecurity and also have some self practiced experience in it as well. i have a hunger for knowledge. always excited and filled with positivity.
-expertise in web application vapt (gray-box and black-box testing)  -expertise in network vapt (external pt and internal pt)  -expertise in secure configuration audit for web servers, routers, database  -expertise in thick client application security testing  -expertise in web services/api security testing  -performed application penetration testing (manual testing and automated scans)  -conducted onsite penetration tests from an insider threat perspective.  -performed host, network, and web application penetration tests  -document and discuss security findings with information technology teams
experienced information security professional having hands on experience on webapp and webservice va/pt, internal and external network pentesting, android app pentesting.   hands on experience with tools of trade like ibm appscan, netsparker, acunetix, nmap, soap ui, postman, owasp zap, burp suite, nessus, core impact, wireshark, tcpdump, metasploit framework etc.  offensive key skills  # web application vapt # network vulnerability assessment & penetration testing # wireless pentesting # red teaming #aws pentesting #docker and containers security #android application pentesting #win32  exploit development  currently preparing for osce.
experienced security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in sql injection, python, penetration testing, web application security, and network security. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology focused in cyber security from kcc institute of technology and management.
i m a programmer and a growth penetration tester.  i work as a freelancer for network security . i learned c,c++,java ,python . i m working  on bug bounty programs  in bug crowd .along with i m a ctf player
ceo at friendsnet.in (indian social networking website), experienced trainer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in personality development, information security & ethical hacking, ceh, kali, ubuntu, red hat, chfi, lpt, php, javascript, html, css, penetration testing, database testing, malware testing, ecsa,  vulnerability assessment, cisco certified, and management. strong human resources professional with a 12th focused in science/maths from st. jospeh sr. sec. school and completed graduation (b.tech ) in mechanical engg.   author of 4 books available on amazon website named as  carrot hack ,  internet footprints ,  burp suite master ,  web leaks  and upcoming book  do you think, u r safe- ask ____ . tapan-kumar-jha/e/b07ntfygk7%3fref dbs_a_mng_rwt_scns_share  currently working for oppo mobiles, carrefour (dubai), emaar group (uae), maf (dubai).  delivered more than 300+ workshop, 150+ seminar, 50+ corporate batches, 30+ online training on cyber security, web app security, network security, etc.   working for more than 15+ companies as a freelancer sr. penetration tester & blue team leader.  interviewed more than 15+ news channels, 20+ newspapers, 5+ fm channels on cyber security & cyber crime awareness. 
hello!  thanks for coming here to read about me.  i am living a challenging, odds, stacked against my life. i neither shy from a challenge,nor do i beg for punishment, nor do i tempt fate.  reach out to me to share or obtain security insights, resources or feedback. i am particularly interested in obtaining information security metrics.  opinions are my own, and unless otherwise stated do not represent any one whom i know, nor do they represent the charitable organizations i support or participate in - except they are willing to tolerate an opinionated person.
acknowledged by avira,lenovo,carbon black,eff,dutchdare,geniebelt,bosch,cert-eu,filestack,megacool,anonyome,eset,castbox,transloadit,octopus deploy,ivanti,oslo b  rs,codepolitan,issuu,acloudguru,trendmicro,occrp,inflectra,honeywell,guidebook,trovisio,geeksforgeeks,zenmate,crowdin,ford,under armour,abacus,ebay,asus,ec-council,cpanel,payexchanger,conclusion,intuit,thehaguesecuritydelta,didsoft,autotrader,shopclues,escan,udacity,cloudsmith,bbc,flarum,at&t,surf,nokia,edx,nxp semiconductors,sap,synology,mcafee,slack,de rechtspraak,telef  nica germany,humble bundle,axway appcelerator,edmodo,sportskeeda,university of cambridge,united nation,alibaba,atlassian,stkkr,reve antivirus,intel,currencycloud,buffer,adobe,onfido,apple,tyk,sketch app,visma,jobreg,dell,palo alto networks,wageningen university & research's,pwnie express,accenture,soundcloud,paymill,blackberry,tomtom,jumpshare,orged,garmin,hostbill,stratisiot,audi,paytm,dutch tax & administration,cricheroes,internshala,yubico,domino's,google,facebook   my cve  cve-2019-11514  hackthebox 
i am a penetration tester currently pursuing my b.tech in computer science in karunya institute of technology and sciences. i have pursued cyber security from 2018 and have made multiple efforts to improve myself in the field. in the past year i have attended multiple ctf(s), hacking competitions, to improve myself.  i am also interested in the application of machine learning in cybersecurity.hence i have worked on projects that apply machine learning to detect malicious domains.  i have also completed other projects that involve fields like cyber security, machine learning and web designing. i am currently working on my skills as a bug hunter.
do hard will give you hard reflact
actively looking for internship/job opportunities in the field of cybersecurity.
independent security researcher thinking of logical things to make a secure world . im practising lots of stuffs to make a website strong and involves in developing part too . am played  website and identifying security and reporting them and logical things . i have strong degree in the background of information technology pursuing it in bannari amman institute of technology. am have been working with various field in cyber security. even though am a beginner apart from that i have been for most of the field and exploring it . how it works  playing ctf at my free time and keeping me updated in my field mostly i believe in hard work to obtain some thing. the world is all about the winning moment of the person not loser.  if u really wanna be successful, ignore the hatters and accept the hard work and go on 
phone   09433932620 email   abhirupguhakolkata gmail.com
experienced customer relations executive with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in sql, customer service, sales, business communications, and strategic planning. strong support professional graduated from srm university, delhi-ncr.
wanna track your family android mobile for safety   get call logs, voice call recording, sms, gps location, whatsapp chat, contacts and more stuffs.  hello.  i m u m abhijit ranasingh   . ~an ethical hacker, penetration tester, independent researcher, darkweb/ darknet researcher. ~computer scientist & security consultant. ~front-end web developer.     founder & cto for xsecurity india.     mission  make country safe!     corporate trainer & promoting awareness     programmes on cybercrime and     cybersecurity & forensics as well.     providing online training and corporate    training as well.     consult us to make your business safe!     web  www.xsecurityindia.org     email      xsecindia outlook.com    xsecindia gmail.com     join  discord     join  zoom meeting     support       live with farmers | plant a tree | startup     india | make in india | digital india | free     education to all.     join our community to help people     and self to live life.     community  xsecurity india foundation     join  www.xsecurityindia.com/foundation     donate     www.xsecurityindia.com/foundation/    donation     jai hind   
experienced social media manager with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in cyber defense, java, html, computer security, and database management system (dbms). strong marketing professional with a bca focused in computer engineering from p. d. pandya institute of computer application.
a well experienced cyber practitioner with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in networking, ethical hacking, network security, forensic investigation.
engineer by education, programmer by profession, gadget maker by interest, photographer by hobby,                           traveler by passion, footballer by birth, kind by heart.
total of one+ year of experience in the information security domain, worked with multiple clients across the financial services, health care and retail verticals.  specialities    application penetration testing vulnerability assessment of application/api
i am an ethical hacker as well  as android developer . i have worked for hbe which is an non profit ngo service  as an app developer for providing mobile based solution. i have also  developed different custom roms and patches like darkmoon,  cyanogenmod for devices like unite 2 , yu yuphoria and many more. i am  passionate to work on cyber security, nlp and ai like jarvis and kodi.
pentester with 5 years of experience in application & infra security | serving notice period
description  i am web security tester & computer science engineer.  experience  i m working under krydence company from 6 months  hall of fames  [ blend.com] [mailgun.com]  skills  vulnerability  1. spf record not found   2. click jacking  3. sql injection  4. session fixsation  5. xss   6. csrf token leakage  7. csrf attack  8. file upload  9. file inclusion (local, remote)     10. command injection  11. sensitive infomation disclosed   12. ssrf   13. xml  injection  14.cross origin resource sharing(cors)  15. cross domain resource leakage(cdrl)  16. host header injection &  catch poisoning  17. open redirect & unvaliadated redirects forward  many more.............    check my bugcrowd link     
lesser the primitive you become, more the vulnerable you will be.
ethical h4ck3r
oscp and cissp certified security professional !  talented and dedicated cyber security consultant with over 12+ years of experience  my specialties    security information and event management(siem) and log management security monitoring and security operation centers (soc) hardware security module ( hsm ) implementation & auditing security analytics and user and entity behavior analytics vulnerability assessment and management(va/vm) endpoint detection and response(edr) threat intelligence & deceptions secure configuration review  network vulnerability assessment and penetration testing. web-application vulnerability assessment and penetration testing. secure code review assessment for various application platform incident handling / malware analysis   tools / products played    apt  - fireeye hx / nx , carbonblack  siem / log management  - ibm qradar, hp arcsight logger / esm , alien vault, splunk, logrhythm, trustwave lme waf  - imperva , f5 asm, radware , brocade, akamai ddos  - f5 cloudline , radware, akamai , arbor  ids/ips  - mcafee , cisco firepower, snort dlp  - symantec dlp14 , mcafee, open dlp, digital guardium, trustwave email security  - symantec brightmail , cisco ironport, proof point, trendmicro firewall  - checkpoint , paloalto  proxy  - bluecoat , zscaler (cloud) configuration audit  - nipper , redseal , nessus data classification   titus , boldon james vulnerability management / penetration testing   nessus , ibm bigfix, gfi languard, coreimpact application security  - ibm appscan, netsparker, burpsuite, acunetix, burpsuite
security researcher with over five years of experience in securing web/mobile apps, red teaming, cloud and infrastructure security, external/internal networks and api pentesting. worked independently on various bug bounty platforms, and currently managing the security at binary.com. love ctf's and also hold an oscp cert. codes in python/bash to automate my tasks and recon process, also develops websites in nodejs.
web application developer & penetration tester.| working at hacker one & bug-crowd | i have worked with more than 6 languages and have advance proficiency in 4 languages (i.e python,c/c++,c#, php, javascript,sql,.net) part-time 3d-2d animator & logo designer.
web application penetration tester at microsec technologies limited.
information security enthusiast, security researcher and penetration tester.
i am a penetration tester and working as a security analyst intern in kratikal tech. pvt. ltd. i have more than 1 year of experience in information security domain.
cyber security and incident response
vishal sharma has more than 10 years of experience in information/ network security which includes research on vulnerabilities & network attacks. he has worked as consultant and researcher for firms like hcl, rsa & ecore.  he is having core experience in single sign on & identity / access management solutions. he is also having a keen interest in security domain & holding degree of masters in network security.  he has conducted more than 50 workshops on    cyber forensics & network security with various institutions & govt sector across india, including indian military academy (dehradun) & air-force station (adampur).  cyber crime investigation  vishal had worked on various cyber crime cases with a ngo hans. cases including data frauds, location detection & social media crimes.   security audits  he had performed security audits for various mnc's & law firms. audits including dmd advocates, ranbaxy etc.  he has spoken at top conferences around the world including defcon (india), dw-meet etc.  specialties  secure sso, cloud single sign on, web application firewalls identity & access management, rsa data loss prevention, 2 step authentication schemes, web based intrusion detection systems.
information security engineer with 6+ years of experience in it security domains such as cloud security, vulnerability assessment, network penetration testing and endpoint protection. currently working as infrastructure security engineer ii at innovaccer in managing aws cloud security and network penetration testing. experienced in design and integration of siem, open source and endpoint security solutions. proficient in linux operating system configuration. excellent communication skills with proven abilities in resolving complex security incidents.
hi there. i'm a computer science enthusiast.  i like to  - create and hack web applications. - design and analyze algorithms. - work with diverse teams.
certified ethical hacker
experienced penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and cyber security industry. skilled in networking and web development.responsible for developing innovative security solutions.  #founder & director of vaeto technologies pvt ltd  #securing organization all over the world   #inventor of first free cyber audit   #application security researcher  #life with burpsuite
full stack developer web app security researcher (bug hunter) data scientist (ml/dl)  web tech's  nodejs | mongodb | redis | python | django | reactjs | javascript    ml/dl  tensorflow | keras | scikit-learn | matplotlib | pandas | numpy
experienced network engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the professional training & coaching industry. skilled in kali linux, red hat linux, active directory, windows server, and computer security.
    leader with an experience in the field of information security, it strategy, data protection & privacy, analytics, cyber security, it service delivery, pre-sales, a.i, solution architecture, quality assurance and product management.     expertise in technology transformation, application modernization, risk assessment & its mitigation, automation, cost optimization, quicker time to market techniques, analytics and continuous delivery.     currently working with arisglobal software pvt. ltd. and previously worked with optiv inc. & accenture solutions.     experienced in working on aws & azure cloud and new it technologies like splunk, sumologic, phantom cyber and devops tools like chef, jenkins, github.     a quicker learner to adapt to new technologies, platform, methods and processes.     experience in agile, scrum, pmp techniques, itil practices and service management.     performed business and technology consolidations, devops implementations, it transformations, driven innovations to improve it efficiency.     strong knowledge on it operations optimization, it grc, strategy & cost reduction techniques.     deeply knowledgeable on working and implementation of cmmi and iso standards.     fast to adapt to new regulations like gdpr and hands on with benchmarks like cis and soc2.     have the affluent experience in accommodating two of the largest mergers in the history of telecom & fmcg industries (86b $ & 103b $ respectively).     strong knowledge and experience in formulating sdlc phases, quality assurance and quality control processes.     splunk certified power user 6.3     exin certified itil v3 foundation.     ec council ceh v8.     istqb (international software testing qualifications board) certified tester.     bcs certified business analyst.     proofpoint accredited administrator  email protection & information protection sumologic certified power user. palo alto certified ace certified lead auditor for iso 27001 & 9001
received appreciation for finding cyber security issues from  dubai police, latvia government cert, azerbaijan government cert, kazakhstan government cert, macedonia government cert, bangladesh government cert, ecuador government cert and nigeria government cert  hall of fame  erasmus university rotterdam, netherlands university of twente, netherlands
experienced in smart iot devices security. proficient with penetration testing of embedded devices, firmware reverse engineering, and radio communication analysis. developing skill sets in web, cloud, and mobile device penetration testing. proficient in designing iot security labs. hands-on iot hardware as well as cloud platform
in wipro, currently i am working as a penetration tester and have more than 7 years of experience in various domains such as penetration testing, vulnerabilty assessment, threat hunting & malware analysis and firewall security.  experience in vulnerability assessment and penetration testing using various tools like burp suite,metasploit, zap proxy, nmap, dir-buster, wafwoof, qualys-guard, nessus, kali linux, wireshark, the harvestor, sublist3r, lbd, set, website-watcher. hands on experience working with lan and wan topologies, tcp/ip protocol, routers, switches, and firewalls in internet, intranet and extranet environments performed security research, analysis and design for all client computing systems and the network infrastructure
passion to work in the domain of   cybersecurity engineer ( soc, cti, incidence response, analyst  ) it support specialist ( troubleshooting & consultancy ) cloud computing ( aws & azure ) network administrator ( wired & wireless ) hardware engineer (troubleshooting & consultancy )
security researcher/penetration tester with 7.6 years of experience, looking for a challenging and rewarding experience to further technical skills and be a part of a company on the cutting edge of the information security and technology field.
lcsp and ccsp.. soon to become oscp and cissp
    security analyst     trainer at hackingarticles     ctf player     ctf trainer     successfully completed ceh (                                                        )     wrote articles in the leading website                                                              .             c, c++, c# developer
i'm an information security enthusiast who love to research on the topics related to  pentesting, infosec, capture the flag, cyber forensic, telecom security etc. i always try to improvise my knowledge through reading writeups and resources from several hacker community and forums. my experience has been into multiple domains and technologies such as jeopardy style capture the flag, social engineering, information gathering, enumeration and cryptography etc.
experienced as a application and network penetration testing engineer and also as a security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in penetration testing tools like burpsuite, nmap, metasploit, hp webinspect, hp fortify, sqlmap.skilled in security defense team tools like security information and event management (siem) (q radar), ips and ids, mcafee epo, crowd strikeand qualys guard. strong information technology professional graduated from r.m.k college of engineering and technology
a security enthusiast with sound knowledge of linux binary exploitation and web penetration testing. i love to play with secure systems and always tries to find innovative ways to crack systems. mtech from iit kanpur with specialization in system security. have experience in cyber security lab iit kanpur and system security team samsung r&d centre delhi. currently working in infosec team  walmartlabs india.
experienced senior software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in network security, malware analyst, threat analyst, soc, windows,metasploit and cisco systems products. strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in cybersecurity systems and network from amrita university, amritapuri campus.
vapt | ceh | owasp top10 | mobile application  | web application | network |
#bug #bounter, say no to #hackers, want to become #penteser, but i love to break the arrogance of developers      think beyond normal  be an #abnormal in study. love #networkforensics.  world is limited but i m limitless, i can and i will... one day i will become a #cybersecurity #expert  i can't travel my day without thinking weirdest than other.  want to talk more but don't have space  doesn't matter  one day people will find a place in auditorium to listen words of security soul.
i am a student , learner and a passionate cyber security enthusiastic. i am currently a fresher as a job perspective. would love to work as full-time , half-time , remotely or internship.
quick learner with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in software development and has hands on experience with a variety of tools including python, penetration testing, javaee,  and sql.
i'm mca fresher. i'm looking for job in reactjs/ react native, web development, cybersecurity,  penetration testing.   qualifications  mca, vapt, cybersecurity expert,  redhat,  cisco ccna.
hi, this is rhythm jain. i am pursuing my bachelors degree in computer science engineering from amity university, noida. i am interested in cyber security and currently working at a position of cto at safehack. looking for more and bigger opportunities in this field. please have a look at my resume attached.
experienced ethical hacker with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in ethical hacking, vapt, app. sec., kali linux, networking and cloud.
i'm a penetration tester and vulnerability assessment expert.
1.having 3 + years of experience into it security and good hands on experience into va/pt , web application , mobile application (android  & ios )and network penetration testing ( windows & linux) , iot pentesting  2. having good hands on experience in asp.net.mvc  and  c#  3.have reverse engineered malware   s and have experience in threat intelligence  5. bug bounty player on hackerone & bug crowd  6.certified ethical hacker from appin techonolgies 7.i do freelance projects to  8.have reported vulnerabilities to google,honeywell,upwork and info4tec
a professional hacker made with excellent exposure to it security   here are my roles and responsibilities   1. vapt 2. hacking web applications 3. hacking mobile applications(static and dynamic analysis) 4. hacking api's  5. pentesting thick client application  6. http parameter contamination, remote code execution and as well as reverse engineering 7. exploit development, finding buffer overflow, subdomain takeovers etc
building ml models, data visualization, deep learning, geospatial analysis, natural language processing  key skills   angular, react, node, es6, js, css3, html5, npm secure sdlc, web exploitation, pen testing, owasp top 10 and sans top 25.
experienced owner with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry.  skilled   microsoft office , computer forensics, management, master data management, and adobe software . strong business development professional  hand-on experience of tools like autopsy, ftk, windows sys internals, ida pro, wireshark, hexaeditor, os parrot, linux, nmap, file carving  knowledge of malware analysis and reverse engineering
cybersecurity specialiast, working as a trainer and penetration tester at 'it kart' delhi
ceh v10 |  cyber security | networking pentester | web pentester
experienced chief technology officer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in presentation skills, security, ethical hacking, and vapt.
4 years of experience as security pentester. carry hands-on experience in webpt, npt, webservicept, mobile apppt, configuration audit, social engineering. worked with clients across the globe. certified oscp, ecsa, ceh.
an it security consultant and researcher with over 2+ years of expertise into network and web penetration testing. competent and skilled it & web security researcher. apart from professional experience, have a passion and diligence for hacking, finding new bugs and vulnerabilities.   areas of expertise   * web-app penetration testing * network penetration testing * vulnerability researcher  * vulnerability assessment * bug bounty hunting * cyber forensics   tools    network penetration tools- nmap, nikto, sparta, ikescan, netdiscover, wireshark, tshark  vulnerability scanner- nessus, nexpose, acunetix, openvas, gfi languard, retina, wpscan, vega, netsparker  exploitation tools- metasploit, commix injection, veil evasion, set, burpsuite, beef, sqlmap, armitage, owasp zap   os   backtrack, kali linux, parrot, black ubuntu, , windows server 2008   vulnerable labs   dvwa, metasploitable2, metasploitable3, necromancer, stapler, billy madison    technical proficiencies   * programming languages  php, python, html, javascript, c * operating systems  os x, win-7, 8.1, 10, kali linux, windows server 2008 * database  mysql   information security   penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, cryptography.   fields of interest and research   information security, penetration testing,vulnerability assessment,bug bounty, cyber forensics.
    conduct vulnerability assessment of system and physical infrastructure including penetration testing of networks using third-party & open source tools     conduct infrastructure security, it security, vulnerability assessment, network design     understand network and networking components including maintenance, hardening, testing and security management     knowledge and experience in the areas of one or more operating systems, databases maintenance, hardening, testing, and security management     excellent knowledge of information security technologies and methodologies particularly, including for example web server security / firewalls / networks / encryption / pki / tcp/ip / unix / windows / mac etc.
experienced tester with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in c++, vulnerability assessment, html, computer security, bug bounty and ethical hacking. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in it from universal college of engineering mumbai.
who am i                                              i am faiz ahmed zaidi, currently working as a security engineer in colortokens. i always like to find new vulnerability and exposures. i have got some acknowledgments from apple, facebook, intel, isc2, microsoft and more. i have registered few cve's with my name which is available in   cve numbers are, 1. cve-2019-0235 2. cve-2018-6518 3. cve-2017-14740 4. cve-2017-11611 5. cve-2017-9609 6. cve-2017-8382 7. cve-2017-7188 8. cve-2017-6370  also, i have published a vulnerability in zero-day and exploit-db. the links are provided below 
currently holding 4+ years of experience as a security analyst. security testing of the web application, android application, ios application, api, and network servers for vulnerabilities. ceh (certified ethical hacker) and cei (certified ec-council instructor) from ec-council usa. hands-on experience in networking, linux, and cloud computing.  interviewed by two tv channels for cyber security related issues.
hands-on 12 years of information security experience in network security, vulnerability assessment, and penetration testing (web application, network infra, operating system, database).
it security professional with 5+ years of experience and currently employed as a pentester in primera medical technology.  bug bounty hunter (got rewards and hall of from bugcrowd and some private websites such as microsoft, clavister etc)  certifications              certified ethical hacker (ceh)               microsoft certified professional(mcp)
aspiring security researcher  working at rubrik . passionate about development and automating tasks. i have worked as an ios developer,  love developing tools in python and like to keep my self updated with latest vulnerabilities, exploits and security updates. some of my key highlights are   - security innovation in integrating application security into the ci/cd pipeline.   - perform web and network penetration testing and open to remain updated in the cyber security world, love to play ctf's in my spare time.
cyber security engineer having expertise in vulnerability assessment & penetration testing of web, mobile, network, cloud, thick & thin client, api. skilled in cloud technologies, linux environment, creation & deployment of waf, writing pcre waf signatures based on mod-security, log analysis, elk.
penetration testing | vulnerability assessment
i'm working as penetration tester & ethical hacker with 3.5 years of experience. i have been involved in manual web application penetration testing, network penetration testing, mobile application penetration testing for ios and android platforms, thick client testing and web services & api testing.  as a security consultant, manage and govern the team to ensure quality and adherence in the process. co-ordinating with developers for clarifying the vulnerability details and mitigations and also handling client communication.   i can transition quickly into new environments, work effectively both independently and in teams. be relied upon to deliver satisfaction between the point of customer engagement to the hand over of final deliverables. i possess excellent interpersonal skills to support all areas of my work and those i interact with. looking forward to engaging in pwk/oscp hopefully by the end of 2020 - sharpening this knowledge. if we have a chance to chat, i am certain we can learn something new from each other!
i am us-council certified cybersecurity professional. i have good knowledge on computers, computer networks and computer security. i am always passionate about to know and about to learn something new about computer security
i have a lot of experience in systems administration, deployment, configuration using the hashicorp pipeline, docker, nginx and other modern server technologies. i also am well versed in development with python, php and ruby. i can do development and deployment, but recently security is my passion. i have practiced security for several years in my freetime, and now i am just starting out professionally. i have experience with vulnerability scans, reverse engineering and malware analysis, penetration testing, ids/ips (surricata + ossec + snort + snorby), anti-virus, firewalls and fortinet appliance configuration. i have initiative and am able to adequately teach myself new skills and technologies. i care more about giving a good service and leaving a happy customer than making money. i look forward to working on our next project  )
security researcher at hacking articles (www.hackingarticles.in). hacking articles is a comprehensive source of information on cyber security, computer forensics, ethical hacking, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.  experienced cyber practitioner with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry.  networking, ethical hacking and penetration tester.   top 50 infosec blogs digital guardian described by digital guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative infosec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.   top 100 information security blogs for data security professionals the best information security blogs from thousands of top information security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. data will be refreshed once a week.    69 information security blogs you should be reading information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. in an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.   10 information security blogs you should be reading this is our collection of important and informative infosec blogs from the industry   s top leaders.  the 150+ most influencial blogs and content contributors in infosec we analyzed more than 150 blogs, magazines and similar sites contributing relevant content in the 150 most influencial cyber security blogs and publications by category - pie chart infosecthe area of it security. 
available for remote  cyber security  projects only.  have 7+ years of experience in both black box and white box testing penetration testing. conduct penetration testing in a systematic approach. follow the standard methodology of the industry like owasp testing guide v4(otgv4)   sans top 25  nist sp 800-115  pci dss to perform penetration testing so that client can concentrate on their professions without worrying about security threats.  web application testing  perform both manual and automated penetration testing for vulnerabilities like injection flaws(such as sql, nosql, os, and ldap injection etc),broken authentication, sensitive data exposure,xml external entities (xxe), broken access control,security misconfiguration, cross-site scripting(xss), insecure deserialization, using components with known vulnerabilities,insufficient logging & monitoring. also, perform source code reviews for many technologies like java, .net, php etc. approach for manual web-application penetration testing  conduct manual testing with following controls  * configuration and deployment management testing * identity management testing * authentication testing * authorization testing * session management testing * input validation testing * testing for error handling * testing for weak cryptography * business logic testing * client side testing tools that use for automated web penetration testing  acunetix, burp-suite, netsparker, nexpose, nikto, ibm appscan, hp fortify, w3af etc.  network penetration testing  provide network penetration testing so that your network infrastructure is secured from the real world attacks. do both manual and automated network penetration testing.  approach for manual network penetration testing  manually check for ids/ips, server, networks switch, network router, vpn, firewalls, anti-virus, password etc.  tools that use for automated network penetration testing  openvas, wireshark, nessus, metasploit, armitage, scapy etc.
experienced penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in research, microsoft excel, customer service, management, and microsoft word. strong information technology professional with a bca - bachelor of computer application focused in mathematics and computer science from amrita vishwa vidyapeetham, amritapuri.
core competencies  - vulnerability assessment - penetration testing - owasp  - secure code review
my name is gopikrishna , i am an ethical hacker, pentester and a technology inquisitive. i just love hacking and breaking the rules, but don   t get me wrong as i said i am an ethical hacker.  strongly motivated young it professional, linux enthusiast with a passion for ethical hacking and cyber security. with an exceptional eye for details and a sense of urgency when it comes down to problem solving.
self-driven teen with a strong passion for cybersecurity
a security hacker with over 3 years of progressive exprience in cyber security field. i help companies to improve their security by finding and reporting security vulnerabilities to them and closely working with them until vulnerabilities are fixed. as a security hacker, i have worked for more than 100+ companies to secure them from cyber threat.
anshuman is a techgeek who is curious about various technologies and loves to explore in daily basis and concerns about security and privacy.     professionally he is a cyber security researcher, penetration tester, ctf player and an ethical hacker and advocate for privacy.  he is also a technical content writer love to share his knowledge through write-ups and blog.                                                                   python    c/c++    java    bash    operating system    database management    networking    linux    ethical hacking    pentesting    ctf technical content writing                              wireshark       burpsuite       johnthereapper       nmap       gobuster       nikto       metasploit       hashcat      in spite of these he loves to do community works whether it is building a community or serving for community           he serves for mozilla community in various privacy campaigns.          he serves for girlscript foundation whose motto is to provide free and quality education to enthusiast geeks all over india.          he mentors the beginners to start their journey in cybersecurity field. trained more than 200+ schools & college students all over india.          he is currently leading a open cybersecurity community as well as platform   seconset (www.seconset.in)                                                                           speaker       leadership       teamwork       comunicaton       nagotiation       presentation       team building        mentoring  ---------------------- do you want to explore /learn /discuss related to cybersec field/open-source/community building then hit him up anytime         das.anshuman2018 gmail.com(queries/discussion/suggestions)       anshuman seconset.in(organization related)
~ interest in cyber security. ~ photography -  saak_photography. ~ intern at  indian servers - a premium     software development company . ~ automation anywhere certified advanced               rpa professional (v11.0).
i am a security enthusiast, who aims to work in an environment where i can utilize my skills, add new skills to my skillset and advocate my skills towards the growth of the organization and my experience.
an independent   (freelancer) with 6+ months of experience  into network, web and mobile pen-testing. competent and skilled it & web security researcher. apart from professional experience, have a passion and diligence for hacking, finding new bugs and vulnerabilities. i have experience in testing complex web applications for high, medium and low risk vulnerabilities as well as experience in exploiting these vulnerabilities when required.      6+ months of experience with conducting security compliance tests and vulnerability assessments of, databases, firewalls, and vpns using manual methods and commercial automated tools     knowledge of cyber security threats and techniques used by adversaries to compromise systems     experience in application and infrastructure security practices and standards (such as owasp)     conducting vulnerability assessments and penetration testing (application and/or infrastructure) and articulating security issues to technical and non-technical audience     vulnerability assessment  tools       social engineering campaigns,     deep understanding of osi model     os security      reporting information security vulnerabilities to businesses     ability to explain the output of security assessments to a non-technical audience verbally and in writing.     6+ months of experience conducting vulnerability assessments, code reviews and penetration tests against web/mobile application technologies, services, platforms and languages to find flaws and exploits (e.g., sql injection). experience      currently working  as  ethical hacking and penetration testing(freelancer) 6+ months.  technical skills      conducting vulnerability assessments and penetration testing (application and/or infrastructure) and articulating security issues to technical and non-technical audience     identifying, researching, validating, and exploiting various different known and unknown security vulnerabilities on server and client side.     social engineering campaigns, e.g. email phishing, phone calls, set     deep understanding of osi model.     perform assessments of security awareness training using social engineering     perform web application, mobile application and network penetration tests.     in the last 6+ months  i have been a part of more than 6 penetration-tests and security assessments.     acknowledged by google for pswg.     i have been acknowledged and won silver medal in national hackathon competition.  please free to contact me anytime,it will be my pleasure to assist you.  regards.
excellent information security professional offering      31 months (2.7 years) of experience in is auditing, web application security testing (more than 90+ applications), network security analysis, penetration testing and so on     specialty in finding vulnerabilities for improving business efficiency      a good project management skill  
i am having  5 years of experience in cyber security,specialties includes web and network penetration testing, ethical hacking, red teaming,security vulnerability assessments, threat and vulnerability management, article writing.energetic approach for research and continuously improve my skills on attacker tools, methods and techniques. along with quick learning and effective problem solving skills.
experienced security researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in python (programming language), source intelligence, web design, shell scripting, and ethical hacking. strong information technology professional.
oscp | penetration tester | cyber security expert | c0d3r | blogger 0x1
i   m not a master, i   m still a learner. nobody is safe in cyber world. use your knowledge to save yourself & your country. respect your country   s cyber law and internet.  mr. ooppss is a very young cyber security and cyber crime investigator. he has been involved in the information technology and cyber security field since 6 years. he later pursued his higher studies in the field of cyber law and computer forensic. he holds professional international certifications like ceh , cph, chfi, lpt,cise ,cehie, certified information system security expert, internet cyber security expert, certified android development & forensic expert, cloud computer application developer expert, certified cyber crime investigator, encase certified examiner, certified computer forensics examiner, cyber law from indian law institute, mcse and ccna certified, diploma in digital forensic & cybercrime investigation, diploma in certified information system security expert forensic etc.                               mr. ooppss deliver trainings & assisted  to solve their tedious cyber crime cases to cbi (india) and cbi academy, ghaziabad, delhi police, delhi cyber cell, up police, mp police, punjab police, mumbai cbi, nia (national investigation agency), cyber cell, lucknow, cyber cell chhattisgarh and cyber cell dehradun, special task force (dehradun), sultanpur district police, punjab police crime branch, drdo, ministry of defence, ministry of it, indian army, c-dac, ibm, bsnl, hcl, google, yahoo, gail, different crime branch officers & other govt.& private sectors in different topics like computer forensics, cyber crime investigation, email crime investigation, mobile phone investigation, call analysis and mobile forensics, linux forensic, mac forensic, android forensic investigation & social media forensic, investigation of plastic card frauds/e-banking frauds, evidence collection through open source, human trafficking investigation, cyber security & internet security etc.
penetration tester with automation skills and want to work for osint. quote  don't become best be the busiest in your work   ~ ankit dobhal
bug bounty hunter
an sophisticated student and data guy passionate about data science and machine learning. storyteller by data and visualizations using data. just add curiosity to learning, it goes with flow. don't stop learning, otherwise starts struggling. keen reader and bibliophile with mix of fiction and non-fiction
an accomplished penetration tester with a versatile experience of nearly 4 years in web application security, mobile application security, vulnerability assessment & penetration testing, professional penetration testing tools and critical problem resolution. on hand experience of application security maintenance and monitoring. deep experience in application security project management such as external penetration tests, new technologies/solutions implementation, bcp/drp planning, etc. adept at multi-tasking and delivery quality even with tight deadlines, along with excellent interpersonal skills, can communicate at all levels within the client organization.
information technology associate with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology industry. skilled in network administration, php, c++, web design, and cyber-security. strong information technology professional with a post graduation program in cyber security focused in cyber security from international institute of digital technologies.
certified ethical hacker, infosec researcher & an enthusiast in security domain. expertise in detecting business level threats in web, mobile & network level applications. excellent knowledge in various industry best standards like owasp.
interested in penetration testing, vulnerability assesment, security auditing, ethical hacking, attacking and penetration testing, network penetration testing, web application penetration testing, linux, wifi penetration testing.
experienced security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in vulnerability assessment, ethical hacking, metasploit, penetration testing, nessus. performing internal and external infrastructure and application penetration testing
cyber security enthusiast, bypassing antiviruses for fun, web application penetration tester, red teamer, network penetration tester and exploit developer.
yashpalsinh sisodiya an active member of cyberngo is an experienced infosec professional with a demonstrated skillset of working on web applications security testing, va/pt, mobile security testing, source code review, apis testing, etc. he has led and managed the it security projects in the banking and manufacturing sectors with management and leadership skills. he has also participated in various debates on live news channels related to cybersecurity and advised people on various cyber frauds related incidents. he has also conducted seminars to corporate clients on cybersecurity awareness. he also has conveyed lectures and sessions as keynote speaker in cybersecurity conferences on emerging cyber threats. strong engineering professional background with a bachelor of engineering (b.e.) focused on computer science from gujarat technological university.
founder of hacking articles (www.hackingarticles.in). hacking articles is a comprehensive source of information on cyber security, computer forensics, ethical hacking, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.   top 50 infosec blogs digital guardian described by digital guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative infosec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.  top-50-infosec-blogs-you-should-be-reading  top 100 information security blogs for data security professionals the best information security blogs from thousands of top information security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. data will be refreshed once a week.information_security_blogs/   69 information security blogs you should be reading information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. in an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.  10 information security blogs you should be reading this is our collection of important and informative infosec blogs from the industry   s top leaders.    the 150+ most influencial blogs and content contributors in infosec we analyzed more than 150 blogs, magazines and similar sites contributing relevant content in the 150 most influencial cyber security blogs and publications by category - pie chart infosecthe area of it security.   
experienced director with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in matlab, ros, sql, kali linux, and c++. strong professional with a b.e (hons) computer science focused in aerial robotics, penetration testing from bits pilani, dubai campus.
experienced security researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the web app and network security industry and strong information technology professional with a bachelor of engineering focused in computer science from chitkara university.  area of expertise   web application pen-testing, network security, malware analysis & reverse engineering, wifi pentesting, api testing.  certifications  oscp, ceh, quickheal certified  rewarded $6000+ for reporting rce, xss, sql, information disclosure, etc vulnerabilities to various organizations like uber, stripe, credit karma, arlos netgear, binance crypto exchange, simple inc.
seeking a position to utilize my skills, abilities and experience in information technology industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.
experienced graphic design and web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in python (programming language), customer service, engineering, construction, and management. strong arts and design professional graduated from nielit.
i am a programmer and experienced web-developer, fluent in python, c++, c#, v with over 9 years of experience in python and c++, and moderately versed in 7 other languages. in my free time, i read books and play video games on steam. i am also a graphics designer and a hobbyist hacker.
i am a web app penetration tester from kolkata, west bengal , india.  currently i am pursuing bca from maulana abul kalam azad university of technology (wbut), west bengal.  i was acknowledged by some companies, organisation such as  sony, intel, axis bank, nokia, harvard university, oneplus, segment etc for my responsible disclosure behavior with them.
information security professional with certified ethical hacker (ceh), master of science (ms) in software engineering. extensive exposure to information security, penetration testing vulnerability assessment for web, mobile application and apis security. deft at interacting with clients to provide enhanced security.
well skilled in va & pt of infrastructure and other platform. proactive in threat hunting and ctf design & solution. fond of cyber researcher and writer.  blogger & admin of www.hackingarticles.in, hacking articles is a comprehensive source of information on cyber security, computer forensics, ethical hacking, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.   top 50 infosec blogs digital guardian described by digital guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative infosec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.top-50-infosec-blogs-you-should-be-reading  top 100 information security blogs for data security professionals the best information security blogs from thousands of top information security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. data will be refreshed once a week.  69 information security blogs you should be reading information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. in an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.    10 information security blogs you should be reading this is our collection of important and informative infosec blogs from the industry   s top leaders.  the 150+ most influencial blogs and content contributors in infosec we analyzed more than 150 blogs, magazines and similar sites contributing relevant content in the 150 most influencial cyber security blogs and publications by category - pie chart infosecthe area of it security.
a cyber security professional with over three years of experience in information security serving major  fmcg, financial, banking, government, telecom, technology, media and manufacturing. i started my career through security research. i worked on both the sides of the security, i performed various red teaming engagements and also detected large breach attempts (blue team) .  my ability to work on both red and blue teams have helped me gain more insight on defending enterprise on advanced advisories.   on my journey to complete knowledge on cyber security i gained the following certifications  offensive security certified expert (osce), offensive security certified professional ( oscp) , certified ethical hacker (ceh).
cybersecurity / information security consulting, security implementation, managed security services, pentester, trainer & speaker, investor
highly skilled vulnerability assessments and penetration testing. vast amounts experience in high-volume environment with strong programming skills. strong analytical communication and organizational abilities.
    14 years of experience in the field of software testing.     istqb certified software test engineer.     working as a scrum master and good knowledge in agile methodologies.     hands on experience in manual testing at all levels of stlc (software testing life cycle).     expertise in functional testing, performance testing, integration testing, gui testing, and regression testing, automation testing, load testing, uat testing on web-based applications.     excellent knowledge and working experience with test planning, test case and test script creation, test execution and test results analyses.     experience in designing, developing, and executing test cases using functional specifications.     hands on experience in bug reporting tools like tfs, bugs db and buganizer (google internal bug reporting tools), onyx, software planner     proficient in sql queries.     3 years of experience in automation testing using selenium.     committed to delivering high quality deliverables.     sincere, enthusiastic, hardworking with good communication and interpersonal skills.
i'm computer science graduated, working in the field of data science with an aim to make business decision smarter, willing to learn and enhance my skill set everyday.
individual with strong analytical mindset and training in penetration testing, incident response, and network security. coming with a b.tech degree in computer science engineering and experience with various penetration testing tools. looking for a suitable position which would allow upgradation of own skillset whilst contributing to the growth of the industry.
#inforsec learner security researcher professional keyboard player
currently in fifth year of bachelor of technology in computer science engineering with specialization in web application penetration testing. started my journey in cybersecurity field by playing ctfs and black hat stuffs at different levels when i was in class xi. turned into a bug bounty hunter and earned some precious hall of fames and rewards in 2016. simultaneously working on hackthebox and vulnhub. information security enthusiast and keen learner.  skill-set include web application security and pwning machines.
when i was 19, i wrote a piece about  how the indian censor board is killing creative freedom by censoring movies  i was clearly referring my all-time favorite  deadpool  movie here!       i thought, why not share it with the world  i instantly posted it on my facebook profile and hit publish!      and that's how my potential in content writing was discovered!      since then, i've written thousands of articles to numerous amount of people. overtime my skill in content creation kept on increasing and now, i'm at a position where once i say i   ll do something, it will happen.       i currently write content and create videos for techonation on youtube.      i also have my own blog where i crunch about productivity and self-improvement.      i've always loved speaking in front of an audience as that gives me a chance to spread my wings and express myself to the world!       now, i put that perseverance to work as the head of operations at digital marketing club. i don   t have to climb any mountains   but i do have to move them.      i   m well-versed in writing, planning and crafting quality content, public speaking, event planning, and organizing, instagram marketing, and making videos.       psychology is a powerful tool to leverage. did you know that you can close a deal, sell anything and achieve anything in your life using the power of psychology and persuasion       that's what i'm learning right now in my free time.      i'll let you in on a secret, i was also a certified ethical hacker and was taking up pen-testing and security auditing projects before catching up to content creation.       if you   re interested in grabbing coffee and talking shop (or to hear how i made my journey till here), please send an email/dm my way.
a number of years spent well in cyber security observing fortified system getting compromised, finding hidden weaknesses and developing cutting edge tools and techniques.   i frequently find myself learning in this ever changing cyber threat landscape while spreading and sharing my knowledge through my books and research
learn more things about ethical hacking, security(network & information) and penetration testing.
   istqb certified software tester professional with 3.6+ years of experience in software testing      currently associated with crmnext, mumbai as software engineer     hands-on expertise in jira, mysql, manual testing/web/mobile application testing, android mobile applications      expertise in creation of test plans,  test specifications, exposure to all stages of software development life cycle      worked collaboratively with qa, development, business groups and clients to complete comprehensive testing on major new releases      expertise in documentation, functional requirements, test plans, cases & processes, regression testing, defect/bug tracking, test strategies & coverage   s      competency to work on multiple projects with cross-functional teams simultaneously and meet   deadlines     possess exceptional communication, analytical and problem solving skills to work in multicultural environment along with team management
learning new something | infosec
computer science student . specialization in cyber security and networking.
myself s.selvaganesh from tirunelveli district.  when i was studying 7th std  i have started using computers.in the begining i used to play only games on computers then i got intrest in editing photos using adobe photoshop and started using microsoft office.later got intrest in exploring computer hardware and software whenever a problem arise i would like to solve myself without others help.i will also change my operating system myself and i also helped many of them to install any operating .i have installed many types of operating systems like windows(xp, 7 , 8.1 , 10 ),kalilinux,ubuntu,fedora,cent  chrome,vista and i have experince in installing these operating systems and required drivers more than 4 time. later when i was studing 12th std i know about kali linux and i stared to study of kali then after some faliure attempt i have succesfull dual booted kali linux in my pc and started using it.though i have no experice any company or working i have gained some skills by myself and have an experience of using different operting systems in differents pc and diagnostic the problems.
my self kumar atul jaiswal urf hackerboy. i am self taught whh, programmer web developer, web penetester by profession but i am also a youtuber by passion & a computer science student. kumar atul jaiswal is a name among millions who struggled failed and surged ahead in search of how to become a hacker ( passionate about hacking just like profession an entrepreneur ), just like any middle class guy, he too had a bunch of unclear dreams and a blurred version of his goals in life.
cyber security enthusiast
experienced penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in vulnerability management, mobile applications, ethical hacking, malware analysis, and cryptography. strong information technology professional with a bca focused in dual specialization information security and mobile application from jain (deemed-to-be university).
2 years experience in information security pursuing oscp
started my career as network admin and turned up to certified ethical hacker on 2014 . self learned programmer , started learn more about ml and dl ...
to obtain a penetration tester (ethical hacker) position with reputable company to enhance my carrier and help company excel.  to  contribute  to  the  growth  of  leading  project  management  company.    use  all  my  knowledge  and  skills  for  the  development  of  the  company.  conducted manual external and internal penetration testing carried out social engineering on-site testing.    ability to exploit recognized vulnerabilities.  superior judgment, analylitical and communication skills.
crazee moves dance studio here i give dance training with techniques. because technique is gem of any field. if you know the technique you can do anything.  do multiple things like dance shows, dance competition, song covers, wedding choreographies and college and school functions.  stay connected for getting updates of dance shows, videos and competitions.  watch me on my youtube channel where photos becomes live.  instagram -  mast.malang youtube - crazee moves
penetration tester at hackster.io part-time mic tester at biomed healthcare products pvt. ltd.  check out the stuff i publish  - hackister.blogspot.com
experienced security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in python, penetration testing, iso 27001, sql, and c++. strong human resources professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in information technology from university of mumbai.
ethical hacker, pentester, bug bounty hunter, web application pentesting, android application pentesting, ios application pentesting, api pentesting, internal network pentesting, external network scanning, wireless network pentesting
security researcher acknowledged by google, facebook, microsoft, adobe, constant contact, mediafire, barracuda and many more.  have around 4 year of experience in information security. specialized in web application security and consulting, have knowledge of security solutions, black box & white box security auditing.  have also 4 year experience in web development and in software development.
i am a scholar graduate btech cyber security and forensics, certified ethical hacker(cehv10) previously worked as an intern in network security with bharti airtel and engineers india limited, hands-on experience with switches, routers, ble device testing.working at reliance jio in embedded system security, device assessment. enthusiastic in learning and growing my skills in information security.
skills in computer and network security. skilled in firewalls, penetration testing, malware analysis, adobe photoshop, and after effects. strong business development professional with a bachelor of technology (b.tech.) focused in computer science from guru nanak dev university.
n00b, security enthusiast, software developer, open source contributor
a guy who loves to break or you can say  just a tech                ! also a programmer i've developed software in many language such as  -   windows application using c#.net.   todo_list/calc any many small android app using android studio.   server client, packet sniffer, zip password cracker using  python.   file encryptor, password wordlist generator, rcon_automation using bash script.  bug hunter!              social engineering            have 2+ year of experience in va & penetration testing of networks , web-app, database, firewall               red teamer             
experienced senior system administrator with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in linux system administration, active directory, firewalls, red hat linux, and it security operations.
i've completed  internship projects with company like carrefour(dubai),punjab national bank. received training ceh,ecsa,ccna under ec-council recognized  c | eh  advisory board member
opinions are my own and not the views of my employer  setu is a talented cybersecurity professional with extensive experience performing vulnerability assessments, third-party application security reviews, penetration testing, and remediation support as it pertains to the security of applications, networks and infrastructure, and cloud domains  setu comes from strong application security background and has been working on cloud security, application security, vulnerability assessment, secure code review, threat profiling and remediation support for web/client-server applications on different technologies based on secure design/development guidelines and owasp standards/guidelines  specialties  cloud security architecture, compliance in cloud, application security, penetration testing, threat modeling, infrastructure vulnerability assessment, and support  industry specialization  public sector, entertainment company, publishing industry, finance sector  cloud security products  aws guardduty, alert logic cloud insight & cloud defender, qualys cloudview  aws security services   aws iam, amazon cloud directory, amazon cognito, amazon guardduty, amazon inspector, amazon macie, aws certificate manager, aws cloudhsm, aws directory service, aws firewall manager, aws key management service, aws organizations, aws secrets manager, aws single sign-on, aws shield, aws waf, aws artifact, systems manager, cloudtrail, aws config  gcp security products  iam, identity-aware proxy, cloud dlp, kms, cloud security scanner   firewall products  checkpoint endpoint security, forcepoint, websense, cisco amp, cisco sourcefire, cloudflare enterprise waf, akamai waf, imperva secure sphere  application security products  checkmarx sast, veracode sast, whitehat sast, contrast security asses & protect qualys guard was, burp suite pro   cloud services  amazon web services, google cloud platform  information security standards  owasp, sans, pci-dss, soc2
always open to learn and work with an amazing futuristic, group of people. wanna touch all the edges before leaving this world. happy to pursue the purpose of my life.  u wanna hang out with me then follow me on -   
computer engineering graduate, looking forward to craft solutions to difficult problems in survivable cyber-physical systems and enterprise information systems. keen technician and software programmer with extensive experience of online security packages and tools.
as the security reseacher at attify, i leads the mobile and infrastructure security team.i have more than 5 years experience leading corporate pentests and i worked extensively on breaking ci systems, devops security, log analysis and monitoring, and mobile and web application exploitation.  i am also an author of an upcoming book on    the devops exploitation guide - a hackers handbook   .  in my previous roles, i worked on building web applications and backend systems, before moving to a security role.
the cybersecurity world is a very demanding world it requires us to constantly learn whether it may be new exploits, new technologies, new platforms and so on, that's one of the reasons i keep learning and i think it will never be enough.
i am a social-techno-learner who believes in its own efficiency first and then implements with the suggestions of my strong and enthusiastic team which helps me takes everything into its perfection level.  # microsoft hall of fame # envato hall of fame # toyota hall of fame   personal qualities -  1. experience as system administrator, support engineer, network engineer, it faculty, technical consultant, cyber security expert.  2. quick learner with ability to grasp new technologies, software and hardware. fluent in english, reading, speaking and writing.  3. energetic and self-motivated team player. proven ability to work in tight schedule and both independent and team environments.  4. extensive experience in kali linux operating system.  5. published more than 600+ articles on kali linux, metasploit, wireless hacking etc
presently working as a full-time trainer. providing training on various cyber security topics and cloud computing.  currently running #arishtilive !
ethical hacker - you can contact me anytime.  email - ramanidhaval11 gmail.com ,cell - +918530723588 - (dark_horse)  my skills are **vulnerability assessment**penetration testing**wi-fi assessment**   i am currently in search of a company venture that suits my interest area of ethical hacking so review my skill sets and expertise.  ******************************************************************************* waiting for a day when my parents can proudly say    that is our son   .  want to buy some proper gifts for my parents out of my first salary.
6 years of professional it experience in application security testing particularly focused on performing technical activities like code review, vulnerability analysis, penetration testing, secure application testing based on owasp.      having experience in penetration testing of web applications.     ability to perform security testing on any web based application.     good understanding of owasp top ten vulnerabilities.     ceh (certified ethical hacker) v9 certified  knowledge of attacks    xss, sql injection, session hijacking, url manipulation, csrf attack, brute force, open redirection, missing function level access control, business logic bypass, rfi/lfi, format string, command injection, authentication flaws, http parameter pollution, http header attacks, dos/ddos, request-response manipulation, http response splitting,  hoogling/dorking, man in middle attack, cors exploitation etc.  achievements    1. reported web cache deception in one of the leading it services company. 2. listed in google hall of fame (for informing about a broken authorization vulnerability) 3. informed google about url redirection vulnerability in their  subdomain 4. received appreciation from whatsapp team twice for informing about a functional issue and ui breakdown issue in whatsapp application. 5. received appreciation from changepoint team for informing pe vulnerability in their erp product. 6. informed tooler (laundry service company) about weak authorization process in website. 7. quarterly award winner (q1 2016) at lochbridge (current organization) 8. received certificate of achievement for exceptional performance in financial year 2016 and 2018
experienced in the field of information security domain which includes network security, vulnerability assessment and penetration testing, web application penetration testing, firewall configuration review, manual application testing and mobile application penetration testing. use of different tools like, burpsuite, nessus, netsparker, acunetix and different security tools included in kali linux. also done projects in different industries like banking, cryptocurrency exchange, healthcare industry and etc.
over 2 years of experience in managing, designing, deploying and troubleshooting enterprise data network     managed and maintained lan, wan, wlan connections     demonstrated ability to analyse and root cause of performance breakdown alerts     strong knowledge in cisco routers, routing protocols, switches, firewalls, computer hardware/ software     intermediate knowledge in html coding and wordpress application     troubleshoot network issue and upgrade under strict deadlines in a 24/7/365     knowledge in python, wireless networks, aws, vmware, kali linux, ip tables     excellent communicator and experienced problem solver with well-developed interpersonal, organizational and detail orientated  fast learner who is passionate about gaining knowledge on new technologies
arvinder singh is skilled in penetration testing for finding the serious threats or vulnerabilities faced by organizations. capable to conduct internal & external assessments including black box, white box, and grey box testing, having depth knowledge of most key tools of penetration testing like metasploit, wireshark, burp-suite, nmap etc. brief knowledge of ddos, dos, botnet etc. session hijacking, redirection, malware analysis, access controls, manipulation of http requests etc in web-application. able to use social engineering attacks with beef, man-in-the-middle, dns spoofing, sniffing etc. kali linux is the major platform to conduct all the assessment or testings. he is proficient in finding website security issues like sql injection, cross site scripting, cross-site request forgery etc. having intermediate knowledge of python,c, and html. good knowledge of protocols including tcp, udp, osi model, tcp/ip model. overall a powerhouse package to find vulnerabilities and create a secure network to maintain the reputation of the organization.    also working as a bug bounty hunter at  hackerone and bug crowd.
experienced cyber security with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in penetration testing, manual testing, computer security, vulnerability scanning, and test automation. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of commerce - bcom focused in business/commerce, general from andhra university.
experienced automation engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the networking and electrical industry. skilled in networking, scada, plc, dcs, iec61850 and c (programming language) . strong engineering professional graduated from st.xavier's catholic college of engineering.
information security analyst with good hands-on experience for application security testing(web appsec, api testing), network penetration & vulnerability assessment experience with a demonstrated history of working  in the information technology & service and banking sector. skill in burp suite, nessus, soapui, metasploit, accunetix, network tool like nmap, sqlmap, microsoft excel, basic of c#, html, css, javascript and various other pentester tools. bachler of engineering  in computer science from mumbai university.
passionate about penetration testing / ethical hacking      web application penetration testing [ dast ]     mobile application penetration testing [ dast ]     api penetration testing [ dast ]     secure source code review [ sast ]     well versed owasp top 10     familiar with sans 25, iso/iec 27001 2013     can consult to build secure sdlc     can take security awareness trainings     can do web application development
    hi guys, it's me rahul a.k.a luffydragneel. i keep posting bug bounty tips and any interesting findings i come across in my bug bounty journey. you can take a look at my bugcrowd profile here, or get in touch with me on twitter( hackers_guild).      availability          if you have a private bug bounty program, feel free to send an invite my way. i will make sure to fill your inbox with bug reports(of course valid ones).      unsure of my skills  it mainly comprises of web application penetration testing and bug bounty hunting. as of now, i have got  3+ years of professional experience in the field of penetration testing and bug bounty hunting in which i have found several vulnerabilities and a bunch of hall of fame in multiple companies.   p.s.  i am actually looking for a full-time remote role as a penetration tester/security analyst/engineer. if you have got any openings relevant to my profile, just send me a 'hi' and we can talk about it.
1.perform penetration testing which include external, internal, web-based, android, i-phone, activedirectory. 2.perform cyber ai threat analyst, soc. 3.my oscp journy is under progress. 4.am a exploit writer and exploit convertor. 5.am a python developer, i have created lot of application using web2py frame work,recon tools and phishing frame-work simulation. 6.am the founder tryharder-th youtube channel in the year of 2018. 7.perform recruitment process and documentation. 8.have a experiance to create a pentest labs and interior of work environment. 9.am a good tutor taking classes of python and pwk for my juniors. 10.currently researching on red teaming assessment.
 penetration testing 
security is the main thing at present situation. so i am a hacker and licensed pentester. i love hacking and securing.
experienced founder with a demonstrated history of working in the security and investigations industry. skilled in network administration, penetration testing, network security, system administration, and linux. strong entrepreneurship professional with a bachelor of science (b.sc.) focused in computer hardware technology/technician from mahatma gandhi university,meghalaya.
i begin my day with a goal in my mind that is to be the best cyber securitian.  always a enthu learner.   an energetic, enthusiastic self-motivated, self learner and hardworking cyber security researcher & penetration tester and threat hunter gained a bit of experience in various aspects of information security while pursued bca. able to use own initiative and work as part of a team. proven leadership skills, including managing and motivating others to achieve company objectives as well as be a cybersecurity student. an effective communicator at all levels within an organization. good problem solving and analytical skills.  has been involved in the information technology and cyber security field for 5+ years after secondary high school. holds professional international certification like ceh (certified ethical hacker) and preparing for oscp and also certified for penetration tester from national security database.  always ambitious for taking part in various domestic, international, and national cyber security conference.  specialties  linux penetration testing/ vulnerability assessment threat hunting web application security network security ethical hacking certifications - ceh (certified ethical hacker - v9), penetration testing, cyber safety essentials (cse)
experienced cyber security|cyber forensic trainer|va/pt expert
working as a technical lead with tata consultancy services for the last 11 years with a total of 13 years of work experience.   interested in penetration testing and red team.  * working on application security testing (web, mobile, api and thick client) * good hands on experience in burp pro * have worked primarily in the domain cisco ngfw, ftd, asa. * f5 waf, akamai ddos & waf * symantec cloud proxy * microsoft azure and cloud security * good experience in kali linux and metasploit
highly-motivated, dedicated, and ambitious professional with a broad background in coordinating  projects, planning events, promoting business services, and ensuring a high level of customer  satisfaction. * result and goal oriented individual with strong verbal/written communication skills and strong  problem solving skills. self-motivated, articulate, and creative.  * knows how to adjust and work in a quick changing environment. * successful in establishing an exceptional rapport with individuals on all levels. * exceptional organizational and time management skills with attention to detail. * strong principles and practices of supervision.  being a 1st generation entrepreneur, i am passionate about enterprises in emerging markets.   reach out to me if you feel the same way. you can be our customer, employee, partner or possible an investee startups.
welcome, visitor i am a penetration tester a bug bounty hunter a programmer i am always working when i am not working i am solving ctf challenges and traveling.  i am a student at abes ec fourth year computer science branch.   facebook private bug bounty hunter .listed in fb 2015,2017,2019,2020 hall of fame.  top contributor at bugreader   , hold 4th rank.  check pentesterlab  spents most of my time learning new things .  check my pro hacker profile  hackthebox.   also working on a python and django based phishing detection web project.   mrrobot my favourite web series
13+ yrs experience in information technology.9+yrs experience in application security testing,penetration testing and code analysis.  presently associated with beckman coulter as cyber security professional
security is and will always be a major issue with whatever you use, knowing that your data is capturable and exploited by some for their benefits is disturbing for some. also the fact that cyber attackers are coming up with new ways everyday to attack you, you are never safe.  after getting my undergraduate degree from a. p. shah institute of technology. i started to explore the field of cybersecurity. and will now pursue a master's in cybersecurity from stevens institute of technology in new jersey in the coming spring.  the only reason i chose infosec as my career field is it intrigues me to challenge myself by learning new tools and system's. to tackle attacks on a system, to make an entity even more secured by audits.   to sum up my profile in three sentences  i would say i'm -  good at developing websites, better at breaking them down, wanna make a career in infosec.  feel free to reach out, if you wanna talk about tech, infosec, or cricket.
vulnerability analyser & penetration tester
a lazy person, a stylish c0d3r, graphic designer, web-developer, h4ck3r & p3ntr t10n t35t3r, part-time freelancer and indeed, a long-life learner
i   m a software testing professional with over 2.5 years of experience in manual testing, database testing and software implementation. i   m also a certified ethical hacker who is actively looking for an opportunity in the field of automationtesting / manual testing / penetration testing.
i am a ceh having an year of knowledge in the field of penetration testing.i love learning new things in this field and if i don't know something,i'll surely learn it.i am currently preparing to acquire the oscp certification which is my goal.further on,i will never stop learning.
it security consultant  worked onsite (bahrain)    planning and implementing security measures to protect computer systems, networks and data.      to stay up-to-date on the latest intelligence, including hackers    methodologies, in order to anticipate security breaches.      preventing data loss and service interruptions by researching more on the provides technologies that will effectively protect a network.    interacting with teammates effectively and coordinating professionally to resolve issues showed up during work hours and out-of-office hours.    intend to learn from leads and co-project associates and apply on project works.
penetration tester, ctf solver, technical author, technical editor, technical trainer, troubleshooter. completed certifications  ceh, chfi working on  oscp, ecsa
experienced information technology project lead with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in social engineering/osint, web-security, network security, and all-open source intelligence, strong information technology professional with an engineer's degree focused in information technology from rajasthan technical university, kota.
    kali linux     unix     python     java     c++     network scan and penetration testing.     acunetix     knowledge of password hash cracking md5, sha1, sha2, etc.     vulnerability assessment     owasap 10     vapt     encryption & decryption     algorithms     real-time traffic analysis, network ids and packet dissection using wireshark.     experience with tools  burpsuite, wireshark, and nmap.     knowledge of operating systems, application software and cyber security tools.     operating systems  kali linux, parrot, red hat, windows (7, 8, 8.1, 10).
experienced hacker with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. a cyber security enthusiast and skilled in python,java, penetration testing, vulnerability management and nessus.  skills    * penetration testing - if your pt is all about port scanning, service identification and metasploit , hire me i will make it better.  * application security(mobile/web) - if your application security is all about burpsuite,mindless scanners, drozer, needle and owasp/sans top-10 ,hire me i will make it better.  * network security - if your network security is all about packet sniffing/ manipulation ,securing /patching network devices and ccna ,hire me i will make it better.  * source code reviews - if your source code review is all about insecure deserialization ,input validation and scanners ,hire me i will make it better.  * container security (kubernetes/docker) - if you think your containers in cluster are introverts ,hire me i will prove they're not.  * retail/pos security - if your retail security is all bout pci compliance ,securing pos and kiosk breakouts ,hire me i will make it better.  * thick clients - if your thick client security is all about insecure storage,wire shark and service hijacking,hire me i will make it better.
experienced in web applications and network penetration testing. skilled in routing protocols and network security. aware of switching technology as well.
experienced penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the hospital & health care industry. skilled in networking, ethical hacking, information security, linux, and netcat. strong information technology professional
actively looking for an opportunity to work in cyber security & digital forensics.  -graduate in bsc(h)electronic(from university of delhi) -working as assistant consultant, cybrotech digiventure pvt.ltd - experienced summer internship at cyber crime, gurugram police under the guidance of acp dr. hitesh yadav at cyber crime police station, gurugram.
certified ethical hacker (ceh) with 3+ years of experience and expertise in web application security. superior capacity to solve complex problems involving a wide variety of information systems, work in a challenging environment independently on large-scale projects, and thrive under pressure in fast-paced environments while directing multiple projects from concept to implementation.      perform vulnerability assessment and penetration testing for web application.     perform security gap analysis, risk assessment, security audit and implementation based on owasp and nist framework.     defines baseline security configuration for operating system across multiple platforms.     understand the data flow architecture for network segmentation and conducted network architecture review and conduct security network/server hardening.     conduct a review of business functions / process (brd) from security point of views and implement security controls     conduct and manage the portfolio of vulnerability assessment and penetration testing for the entire internet/intranet facing infrastructure     monitor, maintain and improve existing security controls     support development teams in creating secure products      discovered, researched, and responsibly disclosed of numerous vulnerabilities in web applications. wrote detailed reports and advisories for each vulnerability discovered.     design and roll out of information security awareness framework for internal employees.     create & deliver presentations on security awareness to the users which include details about the latest threats.
experienced cyber security with a demonstrated history of working in the electrical and electronic manufacturing industry. skilled in python, php, networking, and html. strong information technology professional with a master of technology (m.tech.) focused in cyber security from amrita school of engineering.
people call me nerd but i call my self a programmer ,  if something is related to computers it attracts me immediately .. if someone name me a thing related to programming or computers it starts a sudden curious in me to grab all the info in that particular thing...
information security professional with more than three years of overall experience in penetration testing of web applications, restful api's.  specialties  vulnerability assessment, penetration testing, web application security, web services security, network assessments.
ethical hacker, penetration tester, bug hunter, security researcher, marketing specialist.
experienced developer/pentester/researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in full stack development, machine learning and deep learning.
i'm a curious finder of  why  i am very passionate about exploring new things related to psychology and technology.   craze about two lines,  1.  learn like a teacher. teach like a learner  2.  love to spread love 
author | speaker | pentester  intelligence led security in different forms  # continuous perimeter security # asset discovery and data leak monitoring # penetration testing (network, web, mobile applications ) # open source intelligence (osint)
#university cs  graduate with cyber security background and hundreds of classroom hours in network security,web application security and cloud security. seeking to leverage newly-minted top secret security clearance and 7.08 cgpa to become the next network security engineer at a good company     ##i help organisation to be secure by performing vulnerabity assessments amd penetration testing. i help them in securing their web application or networks.      ###i started using the computer at a tender age of 7 .and from then i have evolved my skills drastically, a tech enthusiast, cybersecurity expert. networking skills, wireshark, nmap, metasploit, ness, monitoring, ettercap, vega, maltego, burp suite, beef.
i'm subhash popuri, a cyber security researcher working at pwc india as cyber security consultant.   on a daily basis, i work on the following things   - red teaming assessment of client's infrastructure through adversary simulation. - adversary simulation by following all cyber kill chain phases like enumeration, initial compromise, privilege escalation, internal recon & data exfiltration. - conduct cyber security red team assessments and mapping findings to frameworks like nist and mitre. - automate several phases of enumeration and exploitation. - physical intrusion assessment at client's offices - assessing blue team's capability to stop a real world adversary and reporting findings in a presentable and actionable manner.  - researching and staying up-to-date with new security vulnerabilities and new ttps of exploitation. - investigate cyber security incidents and conduct root cause analysis. - investigate and report possible entry points of attacker and propose possible remediations for preventing such incidents from occurring.  apart from work, i spend my most of my free time with research on ml and data science for better cyber security detection, movies and travelling.  i've been privileged to work with many world renowned security teams like google, facebook, twitter, microsoft, dell, cisco among many others as a part of their bug bounty /responsible disclosure programs. i'm fortunate enough to have helped the usa.gov security staff about potential security vulnerabilities way before their responsible disclosure program was announced.  i'm open to pro-bono consulting and helping people within my legal capacity. if you want to get in touch with me, spare an inmail, i can be reached via e-mail at pbssubhash[ ]gmail.com (please remove  []  ).
information security consultant and researcher with two years of experience in the industry. skilled in red team operations, exploit development, active directory security and malware analysis.
fresher, who is keen learner and artistic solution provider in the field of cyber security.  i am trained in web development and have good practice in vulnerability assessment and manual pen-testing.
experienced penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. also had 5+ years experience in software development. skilled in information security, linux, vulnerability assessment, computer security, and web application security testing. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree and c|eh certified ethical hacker from ec-council university.
atul pol is a senior consultant, currently working with ernst and young llp, mumbai with total experience of 5+ years.  his technical work focuses on  - web application security assessments - network/infrastructure penetration testing (internal and external) - mobile application assessment (android & ios) - social engineering  - red teaming   along with technical expertise he also carried below responsibilities in his short career span  - manage & lead team of 10+ analysts - review security assessment reports and ensure successful and timely delivery of project to the clients. - be part of kick-off and delivery meetings - conducting technical interviews.
being a security enthusiast, i'm interested in application security research, vulnerability research.
currently i am working as a freelance security researcher and works on different platforms like hackerone, zerocopter, bugcrowd etc. i have participated in google bug bounty program and currently in top 300 hackers, i have also completed a private u.s based llc security project for penetration testing, through this project i have sharpen my skills and have deep knowledge about how api works. i have experience of almost 1.5 years for finding bugs in many reputed companies like google, facebook, sony, microsoft etc and i have found around 300 bugs in almost 70+ reputed companies around the world.
threat hunting, pentesting, shellcoding, bypassing av's and developing exploits for various application is my passion. in my free time i like playing football, pc games, blogging, travelling and dancing.  also, i am a huge fan of arsenal fc!!  )
i am currently studying 3rd year b.e in chaitanya bharathi institute of technology.i am enthusiastic to work and experience the strategies in different fields of evolving technology.
web penetration tester | cyber security consultant | ethical hacker | certified penetration tester (nsd)
experienced technical lead and campus ambassador with a demonstrated history of working in the e-learning industry. skilled in networking, web development, penetration testing, microsoft office, team building, public speaking, and content writing. strong education professional with a b.e focused in civil engineering from model institute of engineering and technology.
a professional hacker made with excellent exposure of it security   here are my roles and responsibilites   1. professional hacking and penetration testing 2. hard drive repair and data recovery 3. excellent knowledge on tcp, ip, osi model, ip addressing, dns, dhcp, ris (remote installation services), iis, ias (internet authentication service), radius (remote access dial - in user service), windows server and linux server administration, 4. problem analysis and solving, exploit development 5. known about various types of operating system and the underlying hardware. 6. financial advisor and financial expert 7. intrusion detection, tracking off criminals and network management  8. operating system hardening  9. known about http parameter contamination and remotesigned system execution 10. offensive iot exploitation, arm exploitation, mips exploitation, jtag and uart 11. boilerplate and responsive web developer.
expertise in     vulnerability assessment     web application penetration testing     mobile application penetration testing     hardening audits     network penetration testing
i'm info sec enthusiast, internationally certified ethical hacker and web developer. i helped few organizations in improving their website security by penetration testing. my ranking is #1 in ethical hacking and cyber security training in hyderabad according to urbanpro and i gave training's in several universities, colleges, companies and trained 4,000+ students, corporate employees, doctorates and professors nationally and internationally.
a 21 year old cyber security analyst having work experience in vapt. secured 300+ companies through their responsible disclosure program.
an undergrad information technology student with skills of a professional bug bounty hunter as well as competitive coder. an ideator and an innovator for solving real-world problems efficiently. a cyber security trainer with 1500+ students trained till date and a speaker for motivational talks and career in cyber security.  my approach towards problems is what i feel is the x-factor that guarantees an unique and efficient way for solving it.  that said, i also worked as a team leader for developing a solution that will help tackle this covid-19 crisis , and for which my idea was selected in the top-20   s across india by ministry of human resource development (mhrd)           also, with the role of a team-leader, our idea was selected as the winner of covid innovation challenge held by magic foundation, aurangabad.  along with that, again as a team-leader, our effective traffic management idea was personally appreciated by the expert juries in smart india hackathon (sih) 2020.  i was also awarded as the deserving student of the year for my academics, co-curricular and extra curricular growth in my school.  i am also a basketball player and represented by college at championships for 5 yrs. i pursue dancing, singing and sketching as my hobby and have an interest in art too.
every brand has a story behind it - whether that is one that leaves customers feeling informed and educated, or one that sparks joy and delight. i'm passionate about not only defining and articulating that story but also developing and implementing integrated marketing plans which companies can utilize to tell that story and maximize their reach.  we're living in an exhilarating time where you can reach millions of people through so many different channels. that being said, to build a brand, you need to identify the right audience and craft the right story.  i have years of experience working as product management and business development executive from startups to fortune 500. i'm deeply passionate about creating loved and trusted products that help people navigate their careers and achieve their career goals.  if you catch me outside of work, i'm an adventurous traveler - and an avid lover of cricket!  i also like meeting new people over a cup of coffee. feel free to reach out at hirenbhuva.official gmail.com or dm on twitter  thehirenbhuva.  competencies  agile methodology, scrum master, business intelligence, tableau  p.s. if you're passionate about writing tech-focused articles to help people reach their potential, we're hiring! get in touch with us at flicap.com
deepanshu kapoor - web developer | security specialist | penetration tester  i have been building professional, clean, and functional websites and managing security for the past 6 years. anything from small business sites to large web applications development and its security. my goals are to team up with like minded creatives and build great startup companies and projects.  i have extensive experience in  -   php, mysql, css3, html5, javascript, jquery, ajax, phpmyadmin, angularjs, nodejs, meanstack cms, mongodb, codeigniter, cakephp, laravel, wordpress, shopify, bigcommerce, magento2  server setup and maintaining - aws, linux/ ubuntu / redhat / apache / centos / nginx / plesk /  directadmin/ whm/ cpanel /webmin  area of specialization   - penetration testing - malware removal - website security - system/network monitoring - vulnerability assessment of web server||application server||databases - web development ( core php || cms || frameworks )   keep in touch with me -  
praveen nair is skilled independent security researcher with a great hands on over the fields of web application, network and mobile penetration testing but not limited to these he loves to ease his time in malware analysis, reverse engineering, machine learning and problem solving tactics.on to the individual front he is an assertive, flexible and analytical realist with an excellent presentation skills.  certification  offensive security certified professional (oscp)  area of expertise  - owasp top 10 (in both web and mobile) - web application va/pt - infrastructure network va/pt - mobile app va/pt - ad environment pt  technical competencies  - operating system   *nux & debian based distributions, windows os flavors - programming languages  python, c, golang  information security competences  - vulnerability assessment/penetration testing - red teaming - risk management, - malware analysis  - cryptography - ids/ips - data analysis - incident response   
experienced system administrator with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in windows server, networking, ethical hacking, cyberoam, and wireshark. strong information technology professional with a ceh focused in network and system administration/administrator from redteam hacker academy.
experienced application tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in penetration tester, python, bug hunter.
just another security researcher who has very deep intrest in bugbounty            #learner cybersecnoob
working as a professional penetration tester dealing with client and preparing report to represent the complete vulnerabilities. hands on experience on web application security testing (vapt), web services testing, network security testing (vapt) , which includes manual and automated security testing. web application vulnerability assessment includes dynamic scanning and penetration testing,advanced penetration testing, . network vulnerability assessment & penetration testing  hands-on experience  # network vulnerability assessment & penetration testing # ip testing # web application vapt (manually as well as automated) with owasp top 10 vulnerabilities # web services (rest api's) vulnerability testing have expert knowledge of data loss prevention principles and apply that knowledge in their daily cloud security work guide the cloud security group, identifying opportunities for improvement and then driving those improvements through the enterprise closely collaborate with security architects in developing cloud security frameworks for the enterprise provide thought leadership on cloud usage strategy, monitoring, alerting, reporting, and blocking.examine current cloud security practices and identify key risks, then execute programs to address them lead large scale programs that span the enterprise to deploy and manage various cloud security appliances and agents develop, maintain, and report on key cloud security metrics     both as a program and on an individual basis  creating metric templates and scoring models
i am passionate in the field of computer forensics and cyber security to challenge myself, to take creative projects, to improve my skills and to expertise. 'be professional' is my motto. i work hard and i try to innovate and keep the energy moving as much as i can.  i am a person who is positive about every aspect of life. there are many things i like to do, to see, and to experience. i am always ready to expose myself to changing environment and to communicate with people in real-time and i am good at understanding situations, making quick decisions, planning and organizing to a professional standard.
vikas brings many years of corporate & freelance consulting experience in application security, penetration testing of web applications, web services, mobile & network. having a curious mind in web application security he loves to play around security and breaking them too. he has been acknowledged in multinational companies like microsoft , at&t, paypal, activeprospect, adobe systems incorporated, bitcasa, dropmyemail, ebay, purevpn, statuspage.io, artsy, hiveage, highrisehq, kraken, etc. his findings are also featured in hackerone zero daily news letter / securityaffairs.co etc. he is also an offensive security certified professional.
|security researcher| bug hunter| web security testing| android vulnerability testing|
a learner who's trying to understand infosec things.
let's make and then break.
i am a certified network & security professional-ccnsp, microsoft -sam, sap-abap (advanced business and application programming). tech savvy it security researcher/erp consultant having 10+ years of diversified experience in packaging's, logistics, retail, production-bopet, manufacturing (garments-retail), sector as key decision maker profile in information technology field. having 5-6 erp implementation cycle business architect knowledge for domain like manufacturing, retail, and production etc. with hands on exp in different erp's like genisys, nav, nippon, webexpress, logic, gems, dataman etc. received sponsored certificate by cyberoam company as network & security professional -ccnsp and cyber crime certificate from ssp kanpur. received national & international awards/rewards by many companies as hof- hall of fame with bounty like yahoo co., ebay, google, telekom, skytv, vodafone nederland etc. i am currently working as a sr manager-it in packaging's company handling company it infrastructure. after completion of schooling from kendriya vidhalaya, i completed my dual master degree (master in engineering and master in business administration) and started my professional career as an erp and sap consultant in 2008 and have hand on experience of different erps like ginesys, navision, logic, newton nippon data ,webexpress and gems etc. with knowledge of data center server, ipbx, epbx, esko -software, ctp-8100 machine's, image harbor, firewall,oracle 8.0,9.0,sql-2000, sql-2000,2008, sap, vpn, networking.
experienced information security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the it security industry. skilled in web applications, information security, penetration testing, security engineer. strong information technology professional with a master   s degree focused in security engineering from southern methodist university.
offensive security certified professional (oscp), offensive security wireless professional (oswp) and information security evangelist with deep understanding of web, android ,ios application security assessment techniques. possessing the skills to perform automated as well as manual vulnerability assessment and penetration testing along with the abilities to provide code-level remedies to fix the open gaps. well versed with the application development / designing process required to perform automated and manual source code reviews. with strong communication skills to be able to present the observed vulnerabilities to the hierarchy of authorities, be it a development team or the top management.
    7+ years    experience in application security assessments     well versed with owasp top10 vulnerabilities     hands-on experience on licensed security tools (burpsuite pro, appscan, webinspect, nessus, acunetix etc.)     blackbox testing performed on 2 data centers     trained 35 developers for application security testing best practices     received baby bug, challenge coin for special contribution to team     received spot recognition award for my automation work while serving notice period     participated internal bug bounty program in previous organizations
the ethical hacker | penetration tester | information security analyst  technical skill  -  - experience in conducting penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, red team assessments, apt attack simulations, wireless security assessment etc. - web application security assessment in- depth knowledge of web application attacks and defense strategies (sql injection, xss cross- site scripting, csrf, logic flaws, etc). - experience in internal/external penetration testing on network infrastructure (including servers, firewalls, routers, switches, etc) and  network device configuration audit assessment. - good understanding of application level attacks with hands on experience in discovering and exploiting issues with without the assistance of tools. - experience with network penetration testing tools such as nessus, nmap, core impact, metasploit, nipper and similar. - experience in security architecture review,and analyzing router, switches, firewall rule base focused on security - good understanding of  osstmm,ptes,owasp top10, nist ,pci dss,tuv  etc. - proficiency in understanding and writing modifying exploits.
information security analyst skilled in vulnerability assessment and penetration testing, risk management, data loss prevention, encryption and cyberark consulting.
i am a cyber security engineer and software developer. in addition to being a certified ethical hacker with penetration testing experience, i also have backend development experience using php, java, sql and mongodb.  i possess a practical skillset in defeating all online threats - starting from sql injection, cross site scripting, remote code execution to all network based threats like malware, bypass uac and help organizations to track ip addresses using pygeoip library. i have also completed certifications for ccna(cisco certified network associate) and aws certified solutions architect-associate.  i worked as a junior research fellow for 1 year in indian institute of technology, kharagpur with research area of machine learning and natural language processing.  currently i am pursuing by m.tech  degree in cse from indian institute of technology, delhi.   i am a very keen observer of things and always curious to learn more in the field of technology so that i contribute towards it's enhancement.  email id- pratikkaria96 gmail.com/mcs192568 iitd.ac.in
experienced researcher with a demonstrated skilled in web application testing, android application testing, network pentesting, graphics designer, and ethical hacking. strong research professional with a b.tech - bachelor of technology pursuing in computer science from madhav university.
securing the world against cyber attacks.
elitehacker  htb | pentester | ctfer
cyber security researcher | bug hunter | ceh
pursuing bachelor's in computer science engineering(hons.) with a specialization in network security. an expert in  managing linux systems.   on to the individual front he is an assertive, flexible and analytical realist with an excellent presentation skills.  information security competences  - vulnerability assessment/penetration testing - python scripting  - cryptography - bash scripting  tools   - kali linux suite - burp suite - metasploit framework. - wire shark  programming skills  - good hands on c++ - c - java  - python  - bash
security operations keeps me    humble    for i know there's always an adversary out there who is probably a step ahead. secops taught me that i dont need to be right every time, but i do need to be effective.  i have had the opportunity to work with some amazing ir and engineering brains/teams.   product security on the other hands keeps the    curiosity    quotient in me alive. my application security journey started around 15 yrs back and though discovering a new / interesting bug still gives me the same high it gave me a decade and half back, i realized long back that product security is as much about understanding and influencing ppl as it is bout uncovering bugs.    am oscp certified and in my past life have been featured on most prominent hall of fame's (google, yahoo, linkedin, twitter, adobe, dinersclub, ebay, amex,  etc etc).    detect bug  / attacks   remediate    keep the pipeline running   keep the cloud safe   hunt for  unknown    innovate   inspire teams  repeat all in a day   s work   i believe managing people and managing security risks is actually quite similar, at the end of the day it boils down to understanding and getting the priorities right.  i am well known to play role of a trusted security advisor to leadership in a boardroom to analysts on the soc floor.   it's people, process then technology!!! & its in that order for a reason.
experienced security engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in application security, network security and infra security, pen-testing, threat modelling, computer forensics,andriod security, servers security, cloud security.
azaz ahmed dobiwala is an penetration tester and full stack security consultant with overall 10 years of experience in information security.he possess a detailed knowledge of security tools, technologies and best practices.  degree  bachelor in computer application (bca). certifications  offensive security certified professional (oscp), certified security analyst (ecsa), ethical hacker (ceh), cisco certified network associate routing & switching (ccna), ccna security, cisco certified network professional security (ccnp security), cisco asa specialist, cisco firewall security specialist, cisco vpn security specialist, cisco ios security specialist, and certified secure computer user  specialties      web application penetration testing     web service & rest api penetration testing     thick-client & thin client penetration testing     network penetration testing     secure network architecture review     vulnerability assessment     wireless network penetration testing     secure configuration review     dlp (data loss prevention)     firewall management & rule-set reviews     vpn administration & security     active directory (2003,2008,2012,2016)  worked as an on-site consultant at multiple client locations to conduct various web application penetration testing, network penetration testing and also, secure network architecture review.  using tools  nmap, netcat, burp suite pro, acunetix web vulnerability scanner, hp webinspect, ibm rational security appscan enterprise and standard edition, netsparker, soapui, rapid7 nexpose, nessus, metasploit , foundstone sitedigger, core impact pro, immunity canvas , sqlmap, security compass exploit-me (sql inject me and xss me), owasp zed attack proxy (zap), nikto, and many more.  future goals  oswe, osce , cissp
cyber security analyst
my dream is to be a cyber security expert. researching about new hacking technique,exploit etc. find me  h1  namunah wearehackerone.com
experienced technical trainer with a demonstrated history of working in the education management industry. skilled in reconnaissance, gaining access, enumeration, maintaining access, mean stack, html, linux, c (programming language), and python (programming language). strong sales professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused on computer science from lovely professional university.
i am penetration tester and  security researcher in the domain of application & network security.   i have been working for 7safe as security consultant for security assessments of 7safe's clients.   i have previously held  the role of technical lead at managed security services for clients at ibm for vulnerability assessment and management,penetration testing , incident response and malware analysis.   specialties  application security assessment, penetration testing, vulnerability assessment and management,malware analysis,  siem ,linux systems , network security, ips, certified ethical hacker, information security
research oriented cybersecurity student, interested in low-level software security, secure coding, threat intelligence and nature inspired approach.  cybersecurity & digital forensics student at vit. (bachelor of technology)(3rd year /4)
red team assessment, vapt assessment, web application audit, pci dss, source code review, active directory audit, owasp 10, aws configuration audit, system administrator.
enthusiastic and analytic individual having 2 plus years of experience into information security and penetration testing having hands on experience in various domains to include but not limited to, security testing, red teaming, code reviews, etc. also stays up-to-date with existing and latest technologies. currently preparing for awae(oswe).
as a sr security test engineer 5 + years of experience both onsite and offshore in web security with mobile security testing    arun value  profile  ref  kadapa  location  india .currentplace  hyderabad  action 'web/mobile app' position 'sr pentester' workonclick polaris(former) onfocus_employer  appstek  mail arunk540 gmail.com   /arun 
nakul currently serves as a security consultant. his work mainly focuses on conducting vulnerability analysis and penetration testing.
    passionate about information security and penetration testing and mobile application security      wide vulnerability assessment and penetration testing (v.a.p.t.) experience on web applications.      remarkable experience in manual and automation web application penetration testing.      good understanding of attack scenarios and common vulnerabilities.      sound knowledge on owasp web top 10      ability to analyze test results and suggest mitigations for security problems.      handled documentation and reporting.      hands on experience on different vulnerability assessment and penetration testing (v.a.p.t.) tools            deep knowledge about web vulnerabilities sql injection,buffer overflow,xss,csrf,lfi etc
ceh , pentester, bug bounty hunter and ctf player.
anirudh anand is a security researcher with a primary focus on web and mobile application security. he has been submitting bugs and contributing to security tools for over 7 years. he is the web security team lead for team bi0s, a ctf team from amrita university (#1 security team in india according to ctftime (. his bounties involve vulnerabilities in google, microsoft, linkedin, zendesk, sendgrid, gitlab, gratipay and flipboard.  anirudh also has contributed to several owasp projects with notable contributions being in owtf and hackademic challenges project. he has presented/trained in a multitude of conferences including c0c0n 2019, blackhat arsenal 2019, blackhat europe arsenal 2018, hitb dubai 2018, offzone moscow 2018, ground zero summit delhi 2015 and xorconf 2015.
kiran has 6 years  and 2 months of experience into cybersecurity. he specialises in vulnerability management, penetration testing and cyber threat profiling. he is adept in python programming.  experience and projects worked   vulnerability management - worked on both qualys and nessus ( actively participated in assess, build and operational phases)  penetration testing - performed pentest on web applications, mobile applications and external network.  cyber threat profiling - performed external threat modelling using osint tools, dark web and riskiq.  siem(arcsight) - anomalies detection and analysis, correlation and building use cases.  security control audit - perform audit control checks on client network infrastructure based on nist and cobit methodology.  red teaming perform osint and gather information of the target, configure and perform va and app scan through darkweb to be stealthy to evade blue/purple team, attacking - web and network end points to get initial access, setting up command and control server in aws cloud enviornment for post-exploitation ( sliver, puppy, powershell empire, proton) , actively participated on social engineering activities, active research on identifying and exploiting possible vulnerabilities to gain initial access, data exfilteration, reporting - technical and management.
hi! i   m akash thakur. i   m a banglore based developer, pentester, speaker, trainer, and cyber security enthusiast. i hail from land of god's himachal pradesh. i am a huge .py fan and love to do my all codes in python apart from low-level stuff  p   currently, i work as a cloud security engineer with cisco systems.
cybersecurity analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in ethical hacking, burp suite, nmap, metasploit, network security and application security. keen on learning more and more.
specialties  product management and vision roadmap , startup orientation ,artificial intelligence,machine learning, deep learning, thought leadership,corporate strategy, competitive strategy, business unit research & analysis,market segmentation analysis,innovation and implementation of statistical recommended strategy,business portfolio analysis
a cyber security enthusiast and bug bounty hunter, with technical exposure to both testing and programming.  skilled in various activities of information security, like        web application penetration testing     network penetration testing     configuration audit (have done configuration audit for juniper switch, juniper router, juniper      srx firewall, cisco switch, cisco router, cisco asa firewall, big ip, mac, fortigate firewall, rhel, suse servers, database servers windows servers etc.)     mobile application testing (ios, android)      vulnerability assessment  have good hold on security tools, both manual and automated tools like       qualys     nessus     netsparker     burp suite professional     nmap     nikto     sqlmap     metasploit framework     android studio     jdgui etc.  have knowledge in following languages       java     j2ee     python     asp.net  motto    never give up, and keep gathering knowledge.  
15+ years of exp. in the software industry involving security assessment/sdlc, security automation, development & quality.    specialties         experienced in owning e2e security assessment covering planning security review efforts, prioritization, execution, release decision, incident response and resolution.      expertise in pentesting and security development lifecycle (sdl)     well versed in threat modeling, cvss scoring, security automation, psirt, code review     experienced in mentoring and grooming team members on security review     good at researching on new / emerging attack vectors     experienced in conducting training's/tech talk   s on security related topics     strong ability to think from adversary perspective.     expertise in planning & leading security team     well versed in security automation  certifications       cloud security alliance's ccsk (guidance v3.0),       ceh,      comptia security+,      stanford's software security foundations and more.
a crazy kid hacking into your applications | knowledge in web, mobile and network pentesting. | freelancer. | bug bounty hunter. | interested to learn iot hacking.      vapt trainer.     freelance  pentester.  mentor   rakesh thodupunoori.
a web application pentester from india. love to find loopholes. no system is safe & secure. holding 1st position as security researcher in pubg bug bounty program. 2nd in zoho bug bounty program & oppo bug bounty program. top 40 in facebook bug bounty program 2019. helped 50+ fortune companies by reporting security bug ethically. also interested in photography.  acknowledged by apple,google,microsoft,facebook,twitter,yahoo,dell,dutch government,nokia,eset,avira,intel,...
appsec | cloud security | container security | devsecops | incident response
cyber security expert, trainer & consultant. independent researcher. experienced security consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the professional training & corporate industry.
experienced in threat hunting, secdevops, splunk, threat connect, exabeam, akamai luna, threatq, cybersponse, tanium, demisto, rsa netwitness, unfetter, sourcefire, aws guardduty, airwatch, proofpoint tap, symantec epm, cofense phishme, forescout, ibm qradar, appscan, alienvault, qualys, snort ids, cuckoo, kali linux, parrot security, python, automation, soar, burp suite, servicenow, jira, slack, nessus, security onion, acunetix, openvas, information security, web application security, penetration testing, soc operations, vulnerability management
currently a third-year computer science undergrad by day and an information security researcher by night with a penchant for offensive cyber, sigint, information warfare et cetera. a voracious reader and i also play the violin when i am not tinkering with computers.  favourite quotes     amat victoria curam    - victory loves preparation.  all warfare is based on deception  - sun tzu, art of war
information security professional with close to 13 years of comprehensive experience in various verticals of is. domain expertise mainly into cyber crime investigations, digital forensics, application security, vulnerability assessment & penetration testing, compliance for mandates & regulations, it grc etc. holding a master   s degree in computer science and several industry recognized certifications like certified cyber crime investigator, certified ethical hacker, certified security analyst, iso 27001 lead auditor, ibm certified specialist- rational appscan, certified information security manager (cism), prince2 etc. closely associated with indian law enforcement agencies for 4+ years dealing with digital crime investigations and related trainings and received several awards and appreciations from senior officials from police and defense organizations in india.   authored several books and have also been technical reviewer for multiple books.  apart from this,  also associated with several other online information security publications, both as an author as well as a reviewer.  specialties   cyber crime investigations & digital forensics end-to-end vulnerability assessment & penetration testing  enterprise application risk assessment it grc and  compliance  working knowledge of iso27001 , cobit 5.0 , nist sp 800-53 preparing security hardening checklists for various technology platforms. web application firewall, database security security orchestration secure sdlc  iot security
 the strength of any chain is the strength of its weakest link .i believe this is applicable to everything from a mini handset to the largest cloud system hosted around us. i find myself curious and interested in finding weaknesses, vulnerabilities, and loopholes in any given system which has led me into the ethical hacking and cybersecurity domain and am actively pursuing and refining my skill set in it. given the current scenario of the cyber world, it is imperative that one learns how to safeguard and proactively defend against possible threats that might arise from the ever-increasingly complex set of threats and attack vectors.  i hope to become an effective and efficient pentester someday in the near future to analyze and help to mitigate the possibility of an attack.  for the same i am actively looking for my dream team in an organization where i can test and forge my cyb sec skills and hone my skills.
vulnerability assessment and penetration. testing (webapp,network, mobile), configuration reviews. i have 2 yr experience  in total  and international  onsite experience  also. i have completed ceh v10,qualys  vulnerability management and web application scanner certificate recently .  i have bugbounty experience also.
i specialize in java and python and have professional experience working on web development. in tcs, working on maximo java  customization and configurations and python automation scripting. playing ctfs and aspiring to become a pentester
founder, director and chief executive officer at safehack  reach me on  linkedin message kanishk safehack.in
i am a learner www.youtube.com/c/pentestingwithspirit
hey there, reader! i'm currently a cyber security engineer at ernst & young. i did my undergraduate program in computer science & engineering from amrita school of engineering, india. there are many personas to me, and here are some that co-exist peacefully -  (1) the pentester  me , inherits the quality that he achieved at a very small age, right since he used to break his dad's spectacles and mom's glass vessels, only now he breaks web applications, networks & systems. being a fanboy of python, most of his automation scripts revolve around footprinting and reconnaissance. he carries immense love for vapt and is often found researching in the related areas.  (2) the programmer / software developer  me , likes to build functional and useful scripts of python. the fields of these scripts consist of  natural language processing, machine learning, web scraping, social media api, deep learning & what not! most of the scripts can be found open-sourced on github.  (3)  the web developer  me , likes to build full-stack and responsive websites. he's tired of conventional bootstrap & php - and rather prefers rapid prototyping with python frameworks - flask & django. however, even after quite some experience, he can often be found ranting about the ever-increasing number of new javascript frameworks to be learned, when asked to choose from jquery, angularjs, reactjs.  (4) the coffee lover  me , is just a persona that is induced by the above three personas, to keep away from sleep and to battle the rants of the above three personas on a day-to-day basis.  (5) the cricket maniac  me , likes playing cricket matches and analyzing variations of bowling in test cricket.  (6) the fanboy  me  likes watching & discussing many tv series', such as - la  casa de papel, game of thrones, breaking bad, silicon valley, etc.  (7) the grammar nazi  me  likes the english language in general and shalt mercilessly correct your grammar/spelling mistakes. he also likes reading novels and is in charge of writing the blog posts.
hof   facebook, microsoft, dod, medium, seek.
experienced information security professional with a demonstrated history of working in the it industry. skilled in penetration testing,  network security and information security.
full stack developer specialising in react.js and node.js
proactive individual with a demonstrated history of working in the software industry. skilled in django development, python programming, cyber security, .net development using c# and mvc, computer networking, microsoft sql server management on the technical side & digital marketing, content writing, social engineering, event management on the non-technical side. strong media and communication professional with a bachelor of technology focused on information technology from srm university.
i am working in inknowtech as web application and network penetration tester and i have good knowledge of ethical hacking and networking . i am looking forward to enhance my career in information security domain.  my areas of interest are the web application and  infrastructure penetration testing and i like to code and develop vulnerability scanning tool development using python.    i have registered few cve's with my name which is available in cve-2018-15842 2  cve-2018-15843 3  cve-2018-16726 4  cve-2018-16727 5  cve-2018-16728 6  cve-2018-16729
penetration tester , bug hunter and cyber security expert
my passion drives me to information security and now focused on ai/ml.  below is the highlight of my skills   machine learning for cyber security artificial intelligence, nlp, neural networks, deep learning, ml devsecops secure architecture reviews/design bot security audits ai/ml based system security cloud and mobile security iwatch penetration testing network penetration testing red teaming secure code review for android, ios and windows mdm/mam implementation with policy enforcing and deployment nfc pen testing, mobile payment system security kiosk device (pos) security testing mobile app penetration testing web app penetration testing vulnerability assessment and penetration testing (vapt) wap server and payment gateway security assessment web server and db server pen-testing security audits, network security triage,dynamic and static malware analysis
i don't stalk | i investigate
i am an electronics engineer and passionate about drones . i am obsessed with technology and its working principle and make diy projects.  i also love to test tech products, gadgets and show them on my youtube channel.
cyber sec         
a young ethical hacker with a demonstrated history of working in bugcrowd as an independent security researcher in penetration testing. skilled in linux, networking, digital marketing, web application, penetration testing, android penetration testing, api penetration testing, python, and automated tools. specialization in web exploitation, bug bounty hunting, and penetration testing.   passionate about information security and always seeking to get hands-on security domain. i am always excited about security along with adventure. growth through learning is the motto of life.   1. listed in google hall of fame. 2. under 500 worldwide ranking on bugcrowd 3. hall of fame from dell, hubspot, western union, pinterest, mastercard, netgear, kenna security, unilever, healthifyme, inveteck global and many more 4. recognized as good contribution by nciipc-rvdp (govt. of india) towards the nation for cyber safety. 5. delivered online training sessions to more than 100 seekers. 6. recognized by more than 50 various mncs for finding various vulnerabilities on their application. 7. published five google dorks in google hacking database (ghdb).  i have a great working experience with people who are well skilled in their own field. i played both sides of the game to discover the right one and stick to it. hence, i am currently looking for an enthusiastic working environment in cyber security and penetration testing. also, interested in advanced security & forensics-related certifications and programs.   feel free to contact me if you have any queries and interesting projects for me. i will be more than happy to work for you!
information security professional
learner
hacking & security is my passion. accomplished and performance-driven consultant with 5 years of expertise in security implementations, enterprise management, various security assessments which includes vapt, application security testing (web and mobile based), api testing, segmentation pt, thick client pentesting, sdlc roll outs, ci/cd, devops, devsecops process, secure configuration review  and secure code review activity across the domains of telecom, banking, credit card, insurance, trading,  home automation and other micro services etc.  currently i am working with owasp on masvs project (hindi translation) and i also worked with practical devsecops on devsecops university project.  apart from daily office routine, i read latest security and technologies bytes to keep myself updated. learning and experiment bug hunting open source research cves attributed   cve-2018-6955 - clear text transmission of credentials cve-2018-6956 - missing protection for automated techniques cve-2018-7200 - cross site request forgery (csrf) cve-2018-7201 - csv injection cve-2018-7202 - stored cross site scripting (xss) cve-2018-7220 - remote code execution cve-2018-7416 - stored cross site scripting (xss) cve-2018-8066 - configuration file disclosure cve-2018-8067 - arbitrary file download cve-2018-8068 - captcha bypass
cyber security architect with strong skills in networking, cloud, application, database, firewall, load balancer, key management, iam policies. i have designed and implemented security architecture for large fortune 500 clients, i have experience in multiple industries like finance, telecom, health , pharma, fmcg, oil & gas. i hold different implementation certifications like thales encipher, aws security specialist, f5 asm web application firewall, cisco certified network associate etc.  i have hands on experience and managed highly skilled penetration testing team and have certifications like oscp and ewptx which are hands on time bound exam to hack the system and application provide professional grade penetration testing report. while designing the system i can think from attackers perspective to make sure security system is foolproof.  i am interested in learning emerging technologies and the security implications for these emerging technologies - cloud, iot, blockchain and machine learning.
a penetration tester, vulnerability researcher and *internet of things* security enthusiast.  i have been       working in       cyber       security    domain       for       the       past       5+    years,       primarily       focused       on vapt,       security       engineering, it compliances and       research.    in       my       spare       time       i    enjoy    hunting    for    security       bugs, and keep       up       with    the digital       evolution       and       hacker    culture.  as a researcher, i work with anything that revolves around security landscape.
almost 9 years in information security.  experienced in web application penetration testing, network penetration testing, mobile application penetration testing for ios and android platforms, thick client testing, secure network architecture review, secure configuration review, wireless network penetration testing  as a security analyst, performed multiple web application penetration testing, network penetration testing, mobile application penetration testing.   worked as an on-site consultant at multiple client locations to conduct various web application penetration testing, network penetration testing and also, secure network architecture review.  as a sr. team lead, manage and govern the team to ensure quality and adherence in the process. handling engineers working on web application security assessments, network vulnerability assessments, mobile application security assessments, secure configuration reviews. handling client communication.
with 9+ years of experience in cyber security , telecom & health care industry and have worked on different domains and projects.  well versed with telecom domain, forensics investigations and data acquisition, cyber security, network security , isp operations including tripleplay (voice, video and data) services and health care domain with experience of hims and ehr deployment .
an it security consultant and researcher with over 2+ years of expertise into network and web penetration testing. competent and skilled it & web security researcher. apart from professional experience, have a passion and diligence for hacking, finding new bugs and vulnerabilities.   areas of expertise   * web-app penetration testing * network penetration testing * vulnerability researcher  * vulnerability assessment * bug bounty hunting * cyber forensics   tools    network penetration tools- nmap, nikto, sparta, ikescan, netdiscover, wireshark, tshark  vulnerability scanner- nessus, nexpose, acunetix, openvas, gfi languard, retina, wpscan, vega, netsparker  exploitation tools- metasploit, commix injection, veil evasion, set, burpsuite, beef, sqlmap, armitage, owasp zap   os   backtrack, kali linux, parrot, black ubuntu, , windows server 2008,    vulnerable labs   dvwa, metasploitable2, metasploitable3,   technical proficiencies   * programming languages  php, python, html, javascript, c, c++, c#, java * operating systems  os x, win-7, 8.1, 10, kali linux, windows server 2008 * database  mysql   information security   penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, cryptography.   fields of interest and research   information security, penetration testing,vulnerability assessment,bug bounty, cyber forensics.
co-founder at scads technologies. cyber security enthusiastic. love to do business. strong business development professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused in cloud technology and information security from ajeenkya d y patil innovative university .
interested in building secure web appilcations. ethical hacker, pentester. passionate about developing world class mobile apps.
i currently do research in the area of systems, networks, security and their intersection.
building carier in it security  as a professional pentester and security researcher.
offensive security with blackhat mind. i am enthusiastic about research, experienced in application development with programming languages python, php frameworks (laravel, wp and custome) and java, also, worked in iot product development and scada system where i have worked in node-red and python,   i have published 5 cve and found vulnerabilities from different technologies such as wordpress, routers, rfid and scada systems also reported to many cert.  developed sitescanner tool where i have included owasp top 10 vulnerabilities with 1000+ payloads including xss, lfi, and rfi.   published cves     cve-2020-10874     cve-2020-10875     cve-2019-7736     cve-2018-19456     cve-2018-16605  programming languages  python, php framwork laravel, wordpress, node-red     develop sitescanner     easyhack.in blog  online challenges participation      hackerrank - solve sql challenges
a software engineer and academic achiever, with an impressive list of relevant co-curricular credentials and perfect training in the field of cybersecurity, seeking a challenging position in the cyberworld. want to gain knowledge about the technologies used in security through working on various projects. i am a certified iso 27001 2013 lead auditor, amazon certified cyber security speciality, trained in azure security.
scate to lem.





javascript / node js /  react js / redux / mongodb / git ,learning to write programs stretches your mind, and helps you think better, creates a way of thinking about things that i think is helpful in all domains.       bill gates, co-chairman, bill & melinda gates foundation, co-founder, microsoft  i couldn't agree more. learning to write programs is the equivalent of giving the mind a paintbrush that creates in infinite dimensions. at the end of the day, what we're doing in programming is solving problems.   that's why i do it. that's why i have been drawn to programming - i want to have the tools (mental and technical) available to solve problems in an effective, and efficient way that also engages my senses. i want to problem-solve with creativity and logic. i want to create with 1's and 0's.  i see development as a human-centered endeavor via the use of human-created machines.   or, to quote the great michael scott,      people will never be replaced by machines. in the end, life and business are about human connections. and computers are about trying to murder you in a lake. and to me the choice is easy.   - michael scott, the office   (season 4, episode 3)  i have a board of directors in the form of digital and live mentors. i access them through podcasts, books, youtube, and in person. here are a few of the principles i glean from my mentors and things i do my best to emulate every day.   - stand up straight and put your chaos into order.  - do hard things. you'll be grateful for the struggle.  - be kind to everyone. life is too short to be otherwise.   - maintain a growth mindset and stay curious. ( a la richard feynman)  - be engaged in a career field where helping others and providing value is paramount.   - most fear is in our heads. real-life is never as scary as what goes on in our minds.   - everything is data. do not get emotionally attached to data or allow emotion and bias to override data-driven decisions.  - fail fast, fail often
bca student at msi college affiliated to ggsip university, developer | learner | innovative ideas | leadership | positive thinking | curious about latest technologies. 
i specialize in full stack javascript (react.js, node.js) and python development with many additional front end and back end skills. i'm a leader on a mission to create more diversity in the tech and engineering worlds and intend to create opportunities of access for minority populations in the technology sector.
front end developer having 3 years of experience in react js and redux. looking forward to work in an expansive world of technology and explore different state of the art technologies. 
mw recruitment is a specialist banking and financial services recruitment company, dedicated to developing and building long term relationships with clients and candidates through the provision of honest, level headed knowledge based advice.  all our consultants have a wealth of knowledge and experience having worked in banking before transitioning into recruitment. this gives us the ability to understand first hand our products and markets and has also enabled us to develop excellent contact networks in our space. ,
dynamic investor with proven expertise in consistently penetrating new markets to ensure sustainable revenue growth. point of care, health artificial intelligence diagnostics and digital health is my area of expertise. , zinojorio savana venture 
dynpro is a dynamic, fast-growing information systems consulting firm specializing in e-commerce and sap implementation.   dynpro's indian arm is among the leading vendors for the staff augmentation and hiring programs of some of the largest global software services companies.  specialties  a major part our revenues for the lateral hiring business are earned from filling positions for software architects, designers, project / program managers and senior technical and functional consultants for sap. ,
experienced technology recruiter with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and financial services industry. skilled in management, recruiting, human resources, strategy, and technical recruiting. 
around 12+ years of strong experience in openerp/odoo which is world's largest open source business applications driven by ceo fabien pinckaers. - played key role in developing and maintaining various openerp/odoo product modules and integrating them on open source erp environment. - experience on scrum methodology for project management - experience in team building - quick start implementations. - worked on almost all versions of openerp/odoo.  specialities   openerp/odoo business process and openerp implementation. openerp/odoo application support and maintenance. openerp/odoo technical & functional training. business process mapping & gap analysis (functional and technical analysis) , mustufa_odoo 
with over 15 years of practical experience in marketing, ecommerce, seo, and web technology, i understand what it takes to move the needle to drive significant gains in traffic and revenue.  having helped several business owners and professionals with web development, seo and conversion optimization with remarkable results, i decided to create a trustworthy and hard-working team that our clients can rely on daily for their business growth.  together with my team, we will work to shoot your business to the top spots on search engine result pages to enable you to enjoy quality web traffic. all our methods and techniques are time-tested and they produce sustainable results.   - dominate your search results.  - generate more leads for sales potential.  - convert more leads for growth.  so, contact me to schedule a free consultation and let   s see how we can help your business grow online. , youssefhodaigui ,
epa - environmental protection agency, atlanta usa .net architect       interfacing with client to effectively implement business requirements into technology enhancements.      research, analysis, feasibility study, design, document, evaluate software projects.      with the team, define the project and create a design to incorporate the named req. and provide necessary documentation.     developing software components as necessary to meet business needs its project     department of revenue,atlanta usa production support developer.     develop and modify the existing solution using wpf / vs technology.     develop different types of reports  data cubes    ad hoc etc. coding complex sql statements,create new b.o for specific customer                              develop application (gentax) and participate to the testing with the br.     interact with a variety of users to develop technical designs. macromatix, atlanta usa business intelligence web developer, java and .net.     developed custom solutions for specific customer requirements.     performed object oriented analysis (ooa) and development (ood)     participate in code reviews, design discussions, and testing.  css, consulting, atlanta, ga design java/mainframe programs.     designs and codes software application and data server components to develop effective user-friendly applications.     developed integration solution using the eai transport information bus (tibco).  cegelec, paris, france  engineer
economist turned entrepreneur from delhi school of economics. passionate about women oriented ventures in the tech space . i lead content and digital marketing at wedmegood . , wed me good , co founder 
not an influencer nor a recruiter but hey, if you need something specific, please feel free to hit my inbox with a summary. for more urgent response, email me instead. somewhat busy but giving back in ways i can. 
author at  hacking articles  hacking articles is a comprehensive source of information on cyber security, computer forensics, ethical hacking, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.   top 50 infosec blogs digital guardian described by digital guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative infosec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.   top 100 information security blogs for data security professionals the best information security blogs from thousands of top information security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. data will be refreshed once a week.   69 information security blogs you should be reading information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. in an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.    10 information security blogs you should be reading this is our collection of important and informative infosec blogs from the industry   s,
i am competent and skilled security researcher that specializes in all flavors of information security and also a computer engineer. i have been cordially recognized and acknowledged by more than 50 organizations for my work of responsibly disclosing critical security issues to them. i hold many certifications that emphasize my skills as a security researcher as well as an engineer. i have worked with one of the leading security services providers in jaipur as well as in the middle east. my skill set includes  information security analyst  web application security, mobile application security, network security, secure code analysis, , wireless security , ethical hacker ,
change begins at the end of your comfort zone .  bilingual talent acquisition leader with start-up, in-house and agency experience, as well as a demonstrated history of working across the energy, marketing communication, digital and technology sectors whilst residing in the uk, united arab emirates and across eastern europe.   certified aws cloud practitioner who is skilled in negotiation, business development, executive search, technical recruiting and strategic sourcing.   proactive human resources professional with a msc in business information systems from university of westminster and a 1st class honors in business management. 
experienced  manager - human resources with a demonstrated history of working in the us staffing industry. skilled in us immigration, h1b, perm processing, auditing, team management, client relationship management (crm), on-boarding screening, talent management, talent acquisition,  . strong human resources professional have nearly 7 years of experience in staffing industry and progressively experienced in management and human resources. proven ability to work with senior management team to integrate the human resource function within the overall business strategy. ,
he has an engineer brain which helps to understand the client   s problems and work on possible solutions and an mba   s thought process to validate the solutions and then implement the best possible one which is convenient, affordable and solves the right problem for the client. with such education background and 12+ years of experience in sales, marketing, and operations, in technology & product development space. he has a clear understanding of the it industry and smart enough is designing solutions for future problems.   currently solving major problems in the vulnerability management space through our innovative solutions. helping clients improve their cybersecurity posture and maturity index.    being a non-hacker ceo of a cyber security company is definitely a challenging task. but thanks to my team for their fantastic support, guidance from friends and advisors and most importantly my ten years of experience in technology and consulting handling clients, operations & management helped me to sail through the first year.  learning, experimenting something new every day, working with young talented people, making a fantastic place to work for our employees, celebrating even small successes, working through ups & downs, and day by day improving our service to clients     that   s an amazing experience of running a startup. , venugopalrao ,
software engineer with a demonstrated history of work in software industry. skilled in c++, c, c#, java, scala,  spark, sql. i also have interest in  machine learning and nlp.  strong engineering profession with a bachelor of technology in computer science & engineering  from indian institute of technology (ism) dhanbad. 
i have a dream, that is to show that technology is for everyone, i have reinvented myself over the last couple of years, and through tech i see that many people still believe that you need to know how to code, or be an expert in installing printers or formatting pc. i am a great believer that if you do choose to go to the technology market there will be a methodology, tool or a way to develop yourself, you can even apply that to your business and life. salesforce has not only changed my life for good, but also saved it from a different end, i study trailhead, and show it to others, have done multiple lectures and events to talk to the world about how much my life has changed, but they can change too. if you need i am here, available to listen and help, you can do it too! , nassgian 
i am a highly trained, educated, and experienced data engineering professional who has expertise with data analytics, business intelligence, big data, data science and consulting. broad knowledge and skills to develop a data vision, a data strategy and a data culture with a deep experience on how to develop and implement data products and data capabilities. experienced with leading dynamic, cross-functional teams with executing complex data-driven projects. skilled trainer and project leader. experienced in stakeholder management. hold a certification in machine learning and in deep learning.   , aajraou 
penta consulting has a successful track record for providing world-class staffing services to uk and international clients as well as for finding high quality opportunities for skilled technical contractors and permanent candidates. our strong background and excellent understanding of the world   s it and telecom sectors enables us to address core recruitment issues, be fully responsive to opportunities and deliver real added value for our clients.   the only technical recruiter ever to be honoured with two queen   s awards for enterprise     international trade 2006 and 2014 penta is also winner of numerous high profile business and industry awards.  an accredited best company to work for since 2006 with the top three star rating for the sixth consecutive year penta has also been a sunday times 100 best small company to work for since 2009. i have a successful track record of placing skilled technology professionals into systems integrators and itc service providers across a range of niche software and infrastructure roles as well as working with clients to develop and implement recruitment strategies that reflect both market trends and business plans. i offer an excellent service geared to delivering exactly what my clients and candidates need, quickly and competitively. we are one of the world   s leading providers of technical staffing solutions so if you are searching for a new technology or telecoms role or you are a client requiring permanent, contract or turnkey staff in these areas t opportunities at penta  we are always looking for ambitious individuals with drive and good sales skills to join our award winning teams both here in the uk and overseas.
versatile leader with 15 years of management experience in service operational delivery both in-house and outsourced environments primarily pharmaceutical and it solutions. leadership in support and service - multi-site, multi-discipline with international remit encompassing people, process and operational development, set up, restructure and rationalisation.   blending project and account management to clinical operations and customer service with alignment to the commercial strategy and awarded servicemark for delivery of world class service to customers.  i have a personal interest and passion for emerging ai and ar technology including data science to support business process optimisation and customer service excellence. #ono  delivered a 30 second market access video as example among many of enabling market access when time is of the essence. proud to have collaborated with colleagues and external regulators to save a life and deliver this video in recognition of the great work collaborative teams can do. 
experienced data-scientist adept at collecting, analyzing and interpreting large datasets for developing new machine learning/ai models, forecasting models and performing data science/management tasks. have good analytical skills and significant ability to work in team and shared environment. i am togaf certified with 13 years of experience executing data-science, business-analytics and data warehousing projects end-to-end.  core skills  data-scientist, business analytics, data science, machine learning, python, tableau, matlib, architecture, data warehousing, etl, sql,   accomplishments  tableau desktop certified associate, aws certified solution architect (pursuing) python and r programming (for data science) togaf   9 certified. oracle certified associate teradata 12 certified professional  etl ab-initio professional. ,
21 years    experience in it infrastructure and applications consultancy, in which 15 years experience in business intelligence projects.      7 years    experience in entrepreneurship in information systems consulting     7 years    experience in business development     17 years    experience in the bi solution of sap (sap bw 7.0, sap bi on hana and sap bo 4.0)     10 sap bi full life cycle projects in france, uk, luxembourg and morocco     10 years experience in project management and team lead     strong functional skills on sap fi, co, sd, mm, pm, hr and srm modules     experience in variant industries  energy, telecommunication, construction utilities and steel     strong interpersonal and communication skills     strong consultancy skills in large multicultural projects     fluent in english, arabic and french.     uk citizen   specialties  sap bw/bi 
i love to explore how a machine is learning and how can i use my adaptive problem-solving skills to help those artifical brains boost their intelligence. and yes, if you own a startup or if you are hiring, let's connect. i love contributing to the success of these rising champions aka the startups.        why   because startups act like a catalyst for me to experiment with a lot of data as a scientist  while i am still an engineering undergraduate studying computer science from 2017-2021.       where to find me  during summers/winters  you can find me doing internships, research all around india and on weekends you can find me at hackathons, meetups, conferences around delhi-ncr, because i believe in the power of community learning.        anything i did for the community  of course yes, i tried a bit of mine. i take pride in sharing that i brought kaggle days meetup for the first time in india. i also had the opportunity to create a learning ecosystem for 46000+ learners like me.        so what  where do i fit in for you   you need proof from me for that. and as everything is data in 2020 ... you need a person who can extract what data speaks! well, lucky, you found me. i am really good in playing with data, you know!     bonus   i make machines intelligent with my experience as an intern.        what will you get if you choose me   insights from the data that drives & impacts growth for your organization. in short, the real essence of data as required in 2020!        how do i play with data exactly          working with regression algorithms (linear
mba international business at university of greenwich, uk. business is my passion and i look forward in creating a better world with the philanthropical ideas that come with it. 
research interest my research interest is in the  field of ultra-fast nonlinear photonics with covers various fundamental and applicative aspects, in particular the understanding, control and the utilization of ultrashort pulse to probe spatio-temporal complex nonlinear dynamical behavior determining the performance of nonlinear photonics devices like photonic integrated circuit on the chip scale, diode laser with ultrashort laser pulse injection, optical parametric oscillators, delay-coupled diode lasers system, nano-structures of semiconductors. my focus is on the study and coherent manipulation of light through photonic structures. however before such concept can be considered for real applications, fundamental complex optical effects need to be understood. moreover, i have been working on tailoring non-deterministic white chaotic entropy source based on optical perturbative interferometry  for the qkd applications etc. , pkbasoya ,
deep passion for technology and business       interested      business analyst     software engineer       cyber security     project manager     business development      recruitment      analyst     marketing      brand manager      pa     open to unpaid internship within computer software industry.       strong background in sales and negotiation    experienced in and having a good understanding of how to build relationships with clients.    very capable with an high level of accuracy and consistency in all areas of work.   now looking for a new and challenging position, one which will make best use of my existing skills and experience and also further my personal and professional development.   open for opportunity in london. drop me a message and let's meet up for a chat. ,
i have keen interest in technology and engineering & design and i am very very passionate about artificial intelligence,machine learning and deep learning.  note   i occasionally check my linkedin messages so contact me over email or twitter.   about me   deep knowledge of -computer science engineering -data structures and algorithms  -machine learning and deep learning -computer vision and nlp -math (linear algebra and calculus) -probabilities and statistics -good with python , java , c++ and go.  things i am working on are..... 1. applying machine learning algorithms (supervised and unsupervised) on real world problems  2. applying deep learning algorithms on computer vision and natural language processing to solve real world problems.  3. building artificial intelligence on iot applications.  4. researching in reinforcement learning and game ai  since i am into research and development , as a researcher, i always have the desire/urge to share my knowledge so i write articles about ai and ml and i conduct meetups for the same  you can find the links of those down below i love sharing my knowledge , i get happiness by doing it.  when i am not working , i play guitar and make music videos. , mady_ai 
contracting expert, author, and creator of ir35 shield (ir35shield.co.uk) - an ai tool to enable firms to conduct fast and accurate ir35 status assessments.  contractorcalculator is an online resource for contractors, freelancers and the self-employed and regularly receives around 300,000 visitors every month. we have 40,000 subscribers, over 25,000 social media followers, and strong links to national media including coverage in the ft, the times, the guardian, the telegraph, and daily mail. also quoted in taxation, recruiter and accountingweb.  author of ir35  & off-payroll explained (2020), and contractors' handbook (three editions). available in paperback and kindle on amazon.  background  mathematics (bsc, msc), software development for financial institutions.
software engineer with 3 years of industrial experience in software development.   my research interest includes data mining, machine learning, computer vision, data science, and deep learning. 
specialties  start-ups, technology, business consulting ,i started working at deloitte in may, 2014 as an hr analyst in the talent acquisition space for the audit function. since then, i have gained experience in both campus as well as the lateral domains.  before that, i studied mba in hr from mdi, gurgaon(2012- 14). at mdi, i was a part of the student council as well and headed the hostel and mess committee during the year 2013-14. i was passionately involved in playing cricket as well.  i also studied engineering from techno india, kolkata and passed out in the year 2011.   i am a firm believer in building and maintaining long term relationships, something which is of extreme importance in the present corporate world. , kya_baaat_hai 
entrepreneurial, data-driven social media marketing strategist with an excellent understanding of creation, management and monetization of large online consumer-communities. i am obsessed with customers, with quality, and i love to apply consumer-psychology methods and practices to marketing and branding.  i specialize in  content marketing, social media analytics, online brand strategy, business story-telling, consumer-psychology, online community management, influencer and affiliate marketing.  speaking enagagments  pict, vishwakarma ioit, sinhgad coe and cummins coe, tomtom india, securly software, globant india and gs labs. 
julian is an entrepreneur with a long background in online marketing. previously julian founded mash up media, which he built from scratch as the sole founder into a multi-million pound business. it was started with just a   1500 investment and within 3 years was making over   2 million profit per year, (acquired by internetbrand).   julian founded huel, a nutritionally complete food, in 2014. within the first 4 years huel has sold over 40 million meals to over 80 countries. in oct 2018 huel raised   20m (the first external money in) from highland europe to accelerate growth, giving a valuation of   220m , julianhearn 
he has experience identifying and delivering production-ready ai solutions for a business problem. he extensively worked on conversational ai platforms like rasa, dialogflow, kore.ai, etc integrating with various messaging platforms. also, he has experience handling raw, messy, imbalanced text data and builds custom ner, intent classifier using various ml and nlp techniques. also, on semantic search and candidate ranking, and analytics.  he also participates in ai competitions(microsoft india ai challange 2018), solves old kaggle problems and shares his ml and nlp knowledge through writing and workshops in his ai community (colearninglounge.com). he was a speaker at pyconf, hyderabad and active rasa contributor holding    rasa superhero    tag (highest contribution tag). he is a fitness freak and in his spare time, he likes reading books and learn latin dance. , yogesh_kothiya ,
is  the ceo and a co-founder of blablacar.   blablacar is the world   s leading long-distance carpooling platform     a global, trusted community of 75 million drivers and passengers in 22 countries. the platform connects people looking to travel long distances with drivers heading the same way, so they can travel together and share the cost. with the recent integration of a coach network and a commuter carpooling service, blablacar aims to become the go-to for shared road mobility. affordable, convenient and user-friendly, wherever there   s a road, there   s a blablacar.  nicolas leads the company   s global operations and international growth. he drives blablacar   s corporate development and has successfully led the company   s various rounds of financing and acquisitions. nicolas is a strong supporter of autonomous local teams and acqui-hire, a strategy he implemented to expand blablacar   s footprint to a global scale.  prior to blablacar, nicolas was a venture capitalist focusing on consumer internet and telecommunication investments for amadeus capital partners in london, uk. he led or co-led investments in linkdex, octotelematics or secerno (now oracle). nicolas started his career at dicon fiberoptics in berkley, california and spent 6 years at gemfire in silicon valley.  nicolas holds an mba from insead, an msc in optics from the ecole superieure d   optique and an msc in applied physics from paris xi university.  specialties  venture capital, internet/media, telecom. , nbrusson ,
at 25 years old i am a serial entrepreneur and co-founder of goat     specialising in social media and influencer campaigns globally with over 120 staff in 4 international offices.  at 16 i realised the academic path was not for me     i needed a more direct and creative path to success, although the media industry had another idea and rejected me for being too young. so i went away and set up fresh press, a football publishing house which grew, by the time i was 18, to over 60 websites and a bigger digital writing team than the daily mail.           it   s safe to say i wanted a challenge and so i took on my next role as the fifth employee at sportlobster, putting my faith in the sports app startup as their social media manager leading a team of three.                  quickly advancing to head of social  it   s here that i met my goat co-founders arron shepherd and nick cooke.                    we left sportlobster after three years and established goat in august 2015.   in the 5 years since, we have worked on seven figure global influencer deals, operating across international offices     and have over 100 goat team members. with clients including lidl, dell, malibu and more, we   re driving real results in the influencer space          , putitinthemixer 
cofounder of atlan     home for data teams in 50+ countries. on a quest to democratise data for teams everywhere.  previously founded socialcops, world's leading data for good company (new york times global visionary)  awarded economic times emerging entrepreneur for the year, forbes 30u30, fortune 40u40, top 10 cnbc young business women 2016. ted speaker.    writes for fun. hope to become a published author someday  ) realized early that fiction wasn't my thing, so trying to do cool stuff with my life - that someday becomes worthy of a book. , prukalpa 
i write about tech, innovation, marketing, social media, and interesting consumer trends. through my roles across facebook, amazon, and google, i've been fortunate to partner with many of the biggest brands in the world. i now work across facebook   s entire family of apps and services - from instagram and messenger to whatsapp and oculus. , martinharbech ,
specialities  1. technology hiring. 2. diversity sourcing. 3. client management. 4. campus recruitment. , prashantsagar4 amazon , recruiter ,proven hr professional with extensive experience in recruitment and human capital operations. , ntt data services , human capital operations- apac 
listed as one of the uk's top most influential women in tech & an international multi-award winner for her services to diversity & inclusion in industry, sheree ( nirushika) is the head of diversity and inclusion, monzo  board-appointed global ambassador, women who code  contributor, forbes.   currently, she is writing a book for kogan page on diversity and inclusion, to be released spring 2021.  sheree is a global diversity & inclusion leader, having worked in many regions providing leadership and training to c-suite/executive leadership to develop fully formed focused diversity and inclusion strategies.  she has created tailored data driven strategies through engaging all employees, including c-suite, which has enabled authentic change. sheree has what has been described as    infectious confidence with expertise in the diversity and inclusion space   , which leads to the ability to ensure people, of all levels, understand the business benefit of diversity and inclusion whilst becoming champions, in their own roles.   as a passionate advocate for gaining/retaining women in the industry, she launched & led the award-winning u.k. expansion of women who code (womenwhocode.com)
an energetic senior level technical recruiter with outstanding results in exceeding expectations and building relationships with hiring managers, client companies and candidates/consultants.  over ten years of successful recruiting experience ranging from executive level retained searches to enterprise level corporate recruiting.  business skills in problem-solving, turn-around situations, time-management and improving procedures and work-flow processes.  our mission is to bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* through the power of a connected portfolio of digital experiences. our vision is to build and deliver the products, services and platforms that enable nike to serve athletes* personally at scale.  * bill bowerman said,  if you have a body, you are an athlete.     , lorisebestjohns ,
seasoned human resource professional with 10+ years of experience managing the entire spectrum of hr activities including recruitment, employee training and development, payroll processing, appraisal management, claims processing, and f&f settlement. adpushup is currently hiring across multiple departments including tech, ops, sales, and marketing. feel free to check our website to know more about our current openings at  
united kingdom , i love to run and grow businesses by attracting and nurturing the most talented people and obsessing over product.   in my last role as ceo of justpark, i grew revenue over 10-fold in 3 years, built a top class team from 2 to over 40, raised funding from index ventures, and closed the largest equity crowdfunding for a startup in history.   i'm now working with a stellar team at beam  to solve the big and complex problem of homelessness. beam is the world   s first crowdfunding platform that helps people from disadvantaged backgrounds to train up and get into rewarding work. our initial focus is supporting homeless adults in hostels and other temporary accommodation.  i'm also the author of a business book on the sharing economy, the business of sharing (macmillan, 2015).  i provide expert comment on the sharing economy and startups and have appeared on bloomberg tv, sky news, fox, npr, and the bbc among others.   i cut my professional teeth as a corporate lawyer at clifford chance before a stint in consulting. i have a 1st from oxford university in english and got the fundamentals of financial analysis via a cfa qualification.   many people have kindly helped me over the years and i like to give back to the tech community whenever i can. i am very lucky to have mentored some hugely talented entrepreneurs through techstars.  i love to hear from smart, creative, hungry people who want to solve meaningful problems. if you want to reach out and we've never met, 
3.7 years of proven experience in hiring for position like backend developer, data science, data engineering, frontend developer, information security etc.  i take care of end to end recruitment for all technology positions along with vendor management, stakeholder management, compensation negotiation & post offer engagement. added more than 100 technology enthusiasts at makemytrip. also have a strong inclination for hiring best talent for the organization.   extensive experience in handling recruitment drives and active involvement in building the career website from scratch.   i hold an outstanding academic record with bachelors and masters degree in human resources. a team player with excellent interpersonal & communication skills and ability to perform under pressure. 
i'm mad about marketing!   i started my career at google then left to set up brainlabs, a digital marketing agency and consultancy. we're one of the fastest growing businesses in the uk & usa. we were recently awarded #1 on the deloitte fast50 tech track & picked up the 'agency of the year' award two years in a row at the masters of marketing.  in 8 years we've grown from 1 to 400 exceptional brainlabbers by changing the rules of the agency and the workplace.  in 2019 we received investment from livingbridge to drive the next level of our growth. so we're planning to double in size again. within 30 years we'll become the biggest and best marketing agency on the planet.  happy to connect here on linkedin. please send a note with connection request if we haven't met. i do not handle new hires, recruitment or sales pitches. , dangilbertppc ,
dynamic, proactive, people-driven human resource professional. proven ability to provide critical support in development and implementation of hr strategies that achieve business results with diversified experience. self-motivated with the ability to excel in a fast-paced environment, manage competing priorities and adapt readily to new challenges.  key skill   talent acquisition, employee engagement activities, grievance handling, training and development, organization development, orientation and on-boarding, resource management, strategic planning, , induction, employee relationship & career pathway, leaves management, jds/ kras preparation, performance appraisals (pms), exit management. ,
i am a customer-centric, goal-oriented chief executive with diverse leadership experience, gained from general manager, sales, strategy, finance and operations roles.   i have supported national, regional and global organizations, including emerging markets  successfully building and leading highly effective teams to drive growth and market share performance. i enjoy partnering with ceos, executive committees and boards of directors on the international scene. 
passionate human resources leader with a proven track record of building business focused hr practices & teams. an hr expert with over 15 years of experience in the it industry, having worked as strategic business partner and leading talent management, leadership development, employee engagement & resource management. led organization change & transformation & worked extensively in global, diverse models. 
entrepreneur who established the sports nutrition business myprotein  .  he is also the presenter of 'bootstrap your life', a podcast series covering the tools and habits you need to build a successful business, out now  on spotify and apple podcasts.  biography   growing up in manchester, oliver left school aged 16 with one gcse. completing a modern apprenticeship in it, he became a self-taught contract website developer for major global organisations,  before combining his technical abilities with his love of fitness and nutrition to launch myprotein in 2004 with just a   500 overdraft.  as the driving force behind its inspirational and well documented growth, the bootstrapped myprotein went on to become the number one sports nutrition brand globally.  oliver's entrepreneurship skills have seen accolades come in thick and fast, including  ey young entrepreneur of the year, 'rising star' (iod awards), young company of the year (great british entrepreneur  awards) and sme of the year (national business awards). myprotein placed 21st in the sunday times fast track rankings in 2009.  after a heavily contested sales process, including offers from some of the largest blue chip fmcg brands, institutional investors and private equity, oliver went onto complete a high-profile sale of myprotein to the hut group for a reported   58m, which resulted in a combined shares and cash consideration.  he is currently non executive director at the hut group, and ceo of investment vehicle osc group. 
i left linkedin at the beginning of 2018 to accelerate the growth of    sales confidence - building worlds most valued b2b sales community  elevating sales and helping all salespeople at each stage of their career, with their performance, mindset and wellbeing.   the sales confidence membership - a learning and development annual subscription to access mentors, coaches and sales leaders to help you accelerate your career growth.       perfect for you and your sales team during the self-isolation, work-from-home unique situation.  and   #saasgrowthlive - 8th of july -europe   s no 1 online b2b sales , revenue & marketing leadership conference to be held july 8th 2020, global plus mega dj house party 6pm until midnight!   background  i spent over three years as a director at linkedin responsible for flagship enterprise accounts in the uk and europe and have over 10 years of experience in the sales and saas industry. while at linkedin i was no 1 on linkedin.   i speak openly about positive mental health and look forward to sharing more in 2020 as we grow #innerconfidence   we all have mental health we have a brain, emotion and therefore need support from time to time. , jamesas 
a passionate hr professional, my professional journey of 10 years has spanned multiple organizations. i have worked across different industry domains ranging from it services to enterprise software & consumer tech to medical devices. in hr, i have held progressively increasing responsibilities in hr business partnering, talent management and od interventions, leading talent acquisition teams, executive search, employer branding, and campus hiring strategy and execution. , abhishekde18 ,
experienced human resources executive with a demonstrated history of working in the it industry. skilled in research and development (r&d), analytical skills, hr consulting, it recruitment, and adobe photoshop. strong human resources professional with a master of business administration (mba) focused in hr and marketing from global nature care group sangathan institution, jabalpur. ,
a decade of rich experience in managing entire gamut of finance activities including, fund raising, investor relationship management,  accounts, finance, taxation, audit, treasury, compliance and mis in it industry ( products & services domain) ,finance & real estate sector and exposure across different geographies like india, us, ireland and singapore among others.  i   m having a strong academic background and holding degrees of chartered accountant, company secretary, chartered financial analyst and senior management program from iim(a).  have strong understanding of finance function and capable of building up the system right from scratch, highly process oriented and believes in constant process improvisation who look forward to challenge one   s own capabilities.  passion towards photography and travel (just in case you thought differently about finance professionals!!) 
we are oracle service provider and focused on oracle e-business suite, oracle fusion application, oracle cloud application, oracle database implementation, rollout, upgrades and support.   we have an excellent pool of in-house and ready to deploy resources in oracle space.   we can work together on staff augmentation requirements or as your extended offshore development centre/ offshore support team.   our services   oracle application functional and technical services (oracle ebs, oracle fusion application, oracle cloud application) oracle application and database administration services oracle application and database performance tuning oracle application corporate training services oracle staff augmentation services oracle managed services 
experienced senior executive human resources in apac market - skilled in recruitment, information technology, it recruitment, talent acquisition working in recruiting field, where my prime responsibilities include sourcing, interviewing and hiring of it professionals for multiple projects and assignments in the it services industry.  used to screen candidates according to the requirement. i worked with it consultants of various experience levels on .net, java/j2ee, oracle,data warehousing ,bi etc.      sap skill   sap abap, sap basis, sap sd,  sap crm,  sap fico, sap pp, sap bi/bw.     software quality assurance   software testing, manual testing, automation testing (qtp / selenium).     oracle technologies   oracle obiee, oracle hrms
we are witnessing a tectonic shift in business, society and life at large. technology is changing the way we live and work and digital experience is becoming all pervasive. the new-age cio is looked upon as an evangelist, enabler and business partner as enterprises reimagine and reinvent their digital strategies. alongside, automation and ai have become a way of life accentuating this transformation.   rohit, as the chief digital & information officer and global head, wipro holmes    is in the forefront of wipro   s digital journey. enhanced user experience, security, business-alignment with operational rigor are the mantras he believes in. reimagining, redesigning and reengineering the business, his vision is to earn the trust of customers, partners and employees with best in class execution.  leading wipro holmes    artificial intelligence platform and automation ecosystem, rohit is driving the new paradigm of economics, efficiency and experience. as the leader of wipro   s most transformative theme, rohit helps clients reimagine and execute their digital strategies, overcome internal and cultural challenges and make ai and automation all pervasive. with a personal value system of social responsibility along with integrity and empathy, he champions a compassionate and socially relevant face of ai through wipro holmes    for a cause.  rohit has 25 years of diversified experience at wipro, and over the years has held several key positions across sales
solutions architect at aws with a focus on iot. can often be found making weird and wonderful iot demos.  watch my a cloud guru instructor video on how to build an iot lamp which you can control from anywhere in the world  , amazon web services (aws) 
as chief executive officer of stack overflow, the world   s largest and most trusted software developer and technologist community with over 120 million monthly users, responsible for driving stack overflow   s overall strategic direction, results and realizing our mission of helping write the script of the future by serving developers and technologists. lead an amazing global organization of stackers who are passionate about making a difference in our community.  ___________________________________________________________________  previously, served as senior vice president & general manager of rackspace   s cloud & infrastructure services portfolio of businesses, including the managed public clouds, private clouds, colocation and managed security businesses. also held a range of senior leadership roles at rackspace including senior vice president & general manager of rackspace   s high growth, global business focused on the world's leading public clouds including amazon web services (aws), microsoft azure, google cloud platform (gcp) and alibaba cloud, which became the fastest growing business in rackspace   s history.   prior to joining rackspace, was a vice president at barclays investment bank, focused on providing strategic and mergers & acquisitions (m&a) advice for clients in the technology, media and telecom (tmt) industries. was also a manager at capgemini consulting, focused on leading operations transformation engagements and consulting teams across the us.   mba from harvard business school, m.eng in engineering management from cornell university and b.s. in computer engineering (summa cum laude) from the university of maine. married and father of two children. , pchandrasekar ,
thirty years experience in it services, business development, business unit management, client management, and practice development roles.  + proven sales leader with new business development track record.  + expert in leading pre-sales teams for large outsourcing and transformational deals.  + business management experience involving profit/loss accountability for a business unit.  + experience in establishing practices for offerings creation, specialist services and innovation.  + experience in establishing, industrialisation and running service centres for managed services.  specialties  outsourcing and managed it services across several major industry verticals. ,
named one of fortune's most powerful women internationally in 2019, three passions have shaped harriet green   s journey as a business leader over the last three decades  solving complex business problems  creating environments of deep inclusion and building cultures that embrace lifelong learning and reinvention, including ensuring the new skills the world needs.    a global executive who has led business transformations on four continents, harriet has a proven track record for developing and implementing strategies for profitable growth and increasing shareholder value in global technology, logistics, travel and consumer sectors. she is also a life-long champion of inclusion and diversity, most recently featuring in the ft/yahoo heroes champions of women in business list    top 10    for the third consecutive year.  as ceo & chairman of ibm asia pacific, harriet was responsible for driving change and leading some of ibm's highest priority and most strategic business initiatives focused on helping clients unlock value from the massive amount of data within their organisations using cognitive computing. previously, she was ibm's general manager for watson internet of things, commerce and education. prior to this, as ceo of the thomas cook group, harriet led the global transformation and rebranding of the leisure travel company.  an experienced non-executive director for business, government, and not-for-profit organisations, harriet currently sits on the board of singapore   s economic development board. she recently stepped down from the board of ftse 100 bae systems after eight years and immediately prior to that the emerson board. she is also a member of the king's business school advisory council.  she is skilled in transformational change, negotiation, marketing management, business planning & development and coaching. an advocate of continuous learning
currently engaged with securiti.ai as a recruitment and hr specialist. diverse responsibilities centered mainly in recruitment for tech enthusiast in karachi, pakistan.  we are looking to invest in people who will learn and thrive within a fast-paced environment. you'll get to shape the organization, influence positive change and work with some of the most entrepreneurial, driven and collaborative people.  recruiting for potential and enthusiastic fresh and experienced software engineers (all levels), full stack engineers, devops & datascience folks in karachi, pakistan.   you may apply in confidence for securiti.ai
black diamond networks is a leading supplier of critical technical contract talent to north american business and industry since 1999. in keeping with our core values of specialization and knowledge, black diamond is staffed by industry experts comprising 5 technical service teams each with a distinct market focus  engineering-sw/hw  engineering- mechanical  it-boston area  and fda regulated industries.  we also offer direct placement services through an affiliate organization.  if your company requires a specialist to contribute to a project or if you are a contractor who would like to expand your career opportunities, black diamond networks can and will help you succeed.  specialties  embedded software engineering, applications programming, electronic hardware engineering, mechanical engineering, quality engineering, regulatory affairs and validation specialists, information technology staffing services, erp consulting and staffing services   responsible for client & contractor services, event planning, web design, social media, sales support, promotional items, communications, social, business and professional responsibility & development, contractor recognition & loyalty 
waterloo women in computer science , director of outreach .i am final year computer science engineering student from skit jaipur. i have great interest in learning new technology and currently working on python in image processing and detection ,data science and machine learning domain.apart from this i have  basic knowledge of web development (tools  html,css,angular 2.0 ,typescript). i have worked in few startups as data science intern and business analyst intern. i am ardent public speaker and have participated and won accolades in debates,extempore,and model united nation competitions. ,
a  computer science undergraduate student at indira gandhi delhi technical university for women.she is an incoming intern at sap labs. being a machine learning enthusiast, she  has developed 'demographic-based interactive ai screens.her project camcann, was awarded as the top 10 best projects at hackinout 6, india's largest hackathon. she has received a $1000 usd travel grant for the tensorflow dev summit at google,mountain view.  she is a facebook pytorch and intel edge ai scholar. she is also a ml mentor girlsscript summer of code(gssoc'20). she is a volunteer at wids, a stanford university initiative. she is also a global ambassador at womentech network. ,
inquisitive and love to code. my personal blog  deductionlearning.com , ektagoel20 microsoft , software engineer 2 
computer science graduate  certifications  - prince2 practitioner - prince2 foundation - vmware credited professional - data center virtualization (vcp-dcv) - vmware cloud on aws - software defined data center - vmware vrealize operations specialist - vmware certified associate - digital business transformation (vca-dbt) - vmware vsphere 6.5 foundations - vmware technical sales professional (vtsp) - vmware sales professional (vsp) , vmware , solution engineer - commercials
i find great people and find them great careers. this all starts with a conversation. along the way, we'll find it together and uncover their values, personal aspirations and next career move. and if we don't, still we keep the conversations going, because i want to get them there. i'm a data driven and insightful recruiter who is passionate about growing teams and dreams.  i have been growing my skills in full cycle recruiting,a seasoned technical recruiter/talent acquisition specialist with 3.5+ yrs experience in building strong technology teams for startups/tier 1 product development companies.  skilled in souring passive talent for various niche product development skills though various social media channels.  expertise    expertise in   talent acquisition strategy and execution, market intelligence, end to end recruitment, passive sourcing, setting up technology teams from scratch, social media hiring, product/niche skills hiring, technical recruiting, non-technical recruiting, campus recruitment, stakeholder management, candidate experience and engagement programs, hiring manager experience, employer branding.  when i'm not recruiting
backend developer, i   m inspired by building software stack and have been influenced by algorithms in a big way, especially their applications in solving real-world problems.  i started out with competitive programming and participated in icpc regionals. after that, i decided to test my abilities in software engineering, because i believed it would challenge me to learn quickly, and creatively apply my knowledge to help improve our world, in small amounts. i got obsessed with building technologies to help people around the globe using my skills in system design and algorithms. when i work with software development teams, they tell me i made an impact on the company (sometimes even the users), and that   s my favourite part of it.  i welcome the chance to connect with you and talk more about complex problems and their solutions. 
innovating in the new to me means being ever-curious to learn and finding better ways of unlocking value for companies with new technologies and business models.     growth strategy | m&a | innovation | organization design | operating model transformation | global leadership at scale | digital transformation    my expertise lies in taking complex subjects and making them simple. i strive to understand the people who are at the heart of every initiative and bring them together. performing well for clients is a must for me. i spend a great deal of time reflecting on what worked in the past and what failed. history matters. often i am found working on a select number of secret projects that challenge the status quo, and inspire people to think and create new business models.   in addition to helping accenture    lead in the new,    i enjoy serving as an executive coach, advising leaders on strategy, organization design, leadership development, mergers and acquisitions and ultimately, how to be the disruptors, not the disrupted.  drop me an inmail. it would be my pleasure to hear from you. 
i amit kumar currently founder and ceo of oyoeart company. before starting this company, i was doing engineering at srm university.  i have two motives for starting this company. some topics related to business have been learned. provide good service for people , oyoemart 
introducing the free consumer app that puts your id on your phone. the yoti app was designed with privacy at its core, giving individuals a safe way to share personal details and third-party credentials with businesses and individuals.  today, we have over seven million app downloads around the world. we   ve expanded our offering to a suite of business solutions that span identity verification, age estimation, e-signing and ai anti-spoofing technologies. , robintombsyoti 
swetha neethipudi, an mba post graduate with hr (major) & marketing (minor).  writes content on    1) # marketing 2) # hr 3) # management 4) # women empowerment 5) # societal issues 6) # health, nutrition & exercise.  ~  a self driven individual who is interested      in learning, adapting, sharing & creating      the new. ~  a person who always wanted to be the      best version of herself was inspired by      mother teresa, nelson mandela,       thomas alva edison, steve jobs,       a.p.j abdul kalam......... ~  i believe in integrity, confidence &       hard work. ~  and i am a      #i can, #i will, #i must, #i should do      type of a person.  i believe in the    ~   impossible to become possible.  ~   believe in yourself, you shall become       unstoppable.  ~   be the best version of yourselves.  ~   i can do all things through god, who can       make the impossible, possible.  ~   i believe in centralization rather than       decentralization of work. ~   im a person who tries to grab / create the       opportunities, rather than wasting for       one. ~   my source of inspiration & strength is       derived from the | *word of god |        my roots & wings,        drawn | *from my parents |  my philosophy     ~ good things come to those who believe, ~ better things come to those who are      patient
innovating, entrepreneuring, and investing in disrupting ventures in deeptech.   ex-assistant professor at aalborg university in copenhagen, 15+ years of experience in ml/ai.  passionate about changing the world through technological innovations. believer in the power of data and ml and their revolutionary impact on the future.   inventor on many patents. author of 50+ publications cited thousands of times. main author of  procedural content generation in games , a book on generative ml systems in games.   mit innovators under 35. awarded the cogx rising star award by the former british prime minister. featured in wired. named one of the top leaders in ai healthcare by forbes. bbc 100 women 2019. winner of multiple best papers and grants during my academic career. , noorshak ,
good programming skills, experience in computer science, and a solid basis in an engineering discipline. - strong problem-solving ability.  - i love to work on projects that are simple and useful. - ardent sports fan and take great joy in swimming and cycling. - contact ~ aadesh17c [at] iiitt.ac.in - github ~ aa25desh 
i'm a smart & kind engineering leader who enjoys operating at the intersection of tech, product and delivery. my speciality is building happy, high performing teams that deliver quality work. ,
is the chief executive officer of sage group plc.   steve joined sage in january 2014, having previously been operating partner and co-head of the portfolio support group at the private equity firm apax partners, which he joined in 2009.  prior to this he built over 10 years    experience leading the finance function for three listed uk companies culminating as cfo for ftse 100 company invensys plc, the global technology-related business, from 2006 to 2009. between 2004 and 2006 steve was group finance director for spectris plc, the ftse 250 precision instrumentation and controls company and from 1997 to 2003 he was with marconi plc, acting as cfo from 2001.  steve is passionate about transforming the way people think and work so their organisations can thrive. he is a proud supporter and volunteer of  cvyp0 and  sagefoundation.
is to make managing data easy. we put data into the hands of the end user, no matter the quality or format. live in 24 hours, and without projects. wherever data is duplicated, not normalised, of poor quality, or in need of comparison, duco is the solution. , cnentwich 
building a new and better way for companies to run payroll.london-based entrepreneurial and international senior manager with strong experience developing blockchain, ecommerce, web and mobile services with extensive strategic background.   currently co-founder and ceo at argent labs, building a safe and easy access to a new decentralized web.   prior to argent, built peak, the leading mobile cognitive training platform with more than 50 millions users, sold to lagardere in 2016.  worked at visa europe as senior manager of ecommerce products, managing the development of v.me, visa's new epayment solutions.  i gained strong web product management experience at amazon.com where i launched new product lines in the uk and developed france pricing strategy and operations.   i developed a strong strategic background by working 3 years as a consultant for the boston consulting group across many industries and practices.  specialties  blockchain, startups, product development, customer acquisition, strategy , itamarl 
hqz services , bench sales recruiter \ it recruiter .the frolo app connects single parents to like-minded single parents living in the same area, and to the wider frolo community. frolo is the first community and app of its kind, globally, for single parents. available for download on ios and android devices.   as seen in   grazia, the telegraph, the guardian, the irish times, the evening standing, sunday times magazine and sunday times style magazine, the telegraph, hello magazine and sky news.  named in 'new apps we love' category on the appstore! ,
i am a final year undergraduate(2017-21) with a keen interest in exploring everything around. my hard work, analytical skills, and enthusiasm to take challenges every day have worked as a perfect package for me to handle multiple domains including software development, business management, and digital marketing.   i am most accurately identified as a renaissance soul!  the following personal characteristics have helped me throughout my experiences    - passion for problem-solving  i will be helpful in analyzing the bigger picture of the problem faced by the team by dividing it into smaller solvable modules, both qualitatively and quantitatively, backed up by facts and not only gut.  - getting things done attitude  i have around 1 year of startup experience so i know what it means to wear many hats, how to deal with close deadlines, failure management, and how to learn and adapt to change effectively according to the client   s requirements to complete the task in hand.  - communication skills  i have been seen as a public speaker and a leader which will help me facilitate the two-way communication process in any team in terms of both, verbal and non-verbal communication, which is one of the most important things nowadays. 
i   m an entrepreneur, passionate about technology and building impactful solutions that improve the way we live. always keen to interact with other entrepreneurs and investors in the tech community and explore new ideas. i am also dedicated to learning about and investing in solutions to lift people out of poverty, particularly in the developing world. ,
i am a creative director with extensive experience in web design, app design, web development, app development ,marketing/branding and seo. exceptional collaborative and interpersonal skills, well-developed written and verbal communication skills. has worked in small and large corporate in-house team as well as agency environments. i thrive on the challenge of every project and forming the best strategy for moving forward. passionate about design and marketing  accustomed to performing on deadline-driven projects and working within client budget requirements.  experienced creative director with a demonstrated history of working in the medical device industry. skilled in search engine optimization (seo), php, wordpress, web design, and cakephp. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer science from ohlone college. ,
is the founder and cto of mad street den, an artificial intelligence company, powering the retail industry with its image recognition platform, vue.ai.   anand comes from a long history in academia, with a phd in neuroscience, a post doctoral fellowship in neuromorphic engineering at stanford. as a neuroscientist turned entrepreneur, he develops a platform for intelligent agents  madstreetden.   the company is headquartered in the bay area, california with offices in seattle and chennai (india). vue.ai, the company's first vertical, works with marquee retailers, brands, and marketplaces across the globe, transforming the fashion industry's operations through intelligent automation.  mad street den's backers include sequoia capital, exfinity ventures, kddi - global brain japan, and rocketship vc. ,
digital transformation leader - leading companies through product, technical and commercial transformation.  experienced chief technology officer, chief operating officer, executive and non-executive director with strong business development and professional skills in technology & engineering strategy and operation, product management, business operations and transformation strategy. 
i work on airstreet.com ,machine learning overfits and underperforms for challenging problems. on a mission to develop causal ai.   improving our world, one time-series at a time. , causalens 
as president of services, i am responsible for driving strategy, execution and growth across sap's global services business. my career has spanned all facets of enterprise software, focusing on driving customer adoption and ensuring customers extract maximum value from their technology investments.  my passion is optimising and scaling businesses, which has provided me with broad experience in designing and dominating market categories across the enterprise software market. in my spare time i work in board advisory capacities with technology start-ups, guiding them through the bliss of winning and the pain of failure.  i started my professional career in the united states army, the ultimate school of hard knocks for strategy and innovation. this public service experience paired with my learnings from the commercial world has made me the leader i am today. ,
proven global executive with focus and expertise in driving shareholder value through a motivated and excited organization. , servicemax , ceo 
co-founder, partner, and co-executive at code & pepper. head of the marketing department. mindful observer. sensitive decision-maker. people lover. ,
business consultant || rpa solution architect || robotics developer || mvc 5.0 || uipath || automation anywhere || robotics process automation || analytics || rpa business analyst || c# || asp.net || sql , uipath , business analyst - robotic process automation 
greater london, united kingdom , editor of leading industry newsletter recruiting brainfood  friends  i have hit the 30k connection limit and can no longer accept requests! i believe you can still follow this profile and message me on here afterward  and the weekly newsletter is the best way to stay in touch - you can email me after receiving it. thanks!  i am in recruitment industry professional with over 15 years experience as an agency recruiter, recruitment manager, internal head of talent, recruitment trainer, founder of award winning online recruiting platform workshape.io, and now editor and community builder at recruiting brainfood - the best weekly newsletter in recruitment. , hunglee 
my professional interests lie at the intersection of technology, ethics and public policy. a very enthusiastic tech entrepreneur with a versatile experience of more than a decade in tech industry. doctorate in artificial intelligence(robotics) from stanford university, california. ceo and md to kmi group of companies and a partner/advisor in many it companies worldwide. also a member in delhi chamber of commerce and an advisor to ministry of electronics and information technology india. , kmi group of companies 
open source enthusiast and developer | researcher  ltrciiith  midasiiitd | android | nodejs | computer vision | loves to code at competitive programming challenges and solving algorithmic problems | attending and organising hackathons | gsoc'17 | mentor at google code-in  fossasia  tensorflow | nlp | machine learning and deep learning trainer  wac | mentor  gssoc , linkedin , software development engineer (big data infrastructure) 
i have been in the it services industry since 1985. i have played various roles starting from being software developer to leading engineering teams to develop products and provides services to customers.   in 1999, the entreprenurial bug bit me as well. along with a set of like minded professionals, we started mindtree. and seven years of hard work and good, clean fun, we were listed in the indian stock exchange in march 2007. we became, i think, the first vc funded it services company to be listed. have played various roles in mindtree - as we evolved from a startup to a young adult ! the roles were quite varied from heading global delivery & operations, to service line head. i became the coo in 2013, a position i held till july 2019. during these years, we built on our strengths and increased our capabilities and our our capacities. we became a usd $1 billion revenue company on fy19 - a great achievement from a vc funded startup to a billion dollar enterprise.   my last role in mindtree was exec vice chairman of the board and coo. ,
i lead strategy, go-to-market, innovation services & solutions, ecosystem, cloud experience and education for sap services. our focus is on creating and commercially delivering the vision and strategy for sap's global customer success services business. together with our ecosystem, our purpose is to create valuable outcomes and experiences for all of our customers, helping them build their future business through the lens of their economic, environmental and societal impact and contribution.   as a member of the sustainability and ai ethics councils at sap, and as a keen diversity and inclusion advocate, i am a strong believer in technology as an enabler for delivering a better world. , maggiebuggie 
appyway. the champion of the kerb.  we   re kerb obsessed. it began when we launched appyparking, the tool that makes parking easy for everyone. by working so closely with local authorities, we realised the huge, untapped potential lying right under all of our feet. the humble kerb, with the power to transform our cities. right then appyway was born.  now armed with best-in-class kerbside data, apis and full stack management systems, we know kerbs are our key to tackling urban issues of modern-day living  congestion, mobility, pollution, even dying high streets.  what was once just a kerb is now a commodity. , appyparking 
looking out for interesting early-stage tech enabled startups across sectors. head of instruction for data science, analytics and full stack development | former vp of digital technology at npr | wac global digital ambassador | voicebot.ai top influencers in voice | alexa conference  executive of the year  | venturebeat   s women in ai award for ai mentorship   i am a leader who creates clarity, leads with empathy and delivers results. i am a leader who acknowledges the work of my teams, inspires and supports innovation and fosters a growth mindset. intentional, mindful leadership is the new normal.  i perform keynotes and workshops internationally. topics include     conversational ai and voice development    ai for all  how ai is changing the landscape of business and development    mindful leadership    personal brand building for technologists  i specialize in delivering results for technology companies in the areas of conversational ai, intelligent apps and agents, cognitive search and knowledge mining, responsible ai practices and the democratization of ai.   i am passionate about using machine learning to solve business and world problems, and share those learnings with developers to empower everyone to achieve more!  my certifications and honors  top 44 leader in voice, top 3 in influencer category by voicebot.ai venturebeat  women in ai awards, ai mentorship award alexa executive of the year  voicefirst's alexa conference subject matter expert in creation of the aws alexa skill builder exam performance excellence award for highest influenced revenue - microsoft ebc create clarity award for distinguished leadership at microsoft microsoft community champion 2018-19 aws certified cloud practitioner aws certified solutions architect- associate certified content marketing specialist certified customer acquisition specialist ibm certified solution designer ibm certified systems expert- websphere application server and others... , noellesilver_ ,
accomplished senior global sales executive who is passionate about the intersection of technology and customer success.  i believe in mission driven companies who are driven to change the world for the better through their innovation and execution.  i believe doing the right thing is the most important thing, and leads to long term sustainable growth and evangelically happy customers.  i believe the highest performing teams deliver because they feel inspired to choose to give their best     and it   s the leader   s responsibility to create a positive environment to foster those results.  expertise includes leadership roles across  global sales     direct, indirect & oem  professional services  customer success  support  training  business development, strategic alliances, enterprise and mid market b2b software  operations & strategy. , caroleegearhart ,
co-founder & ceo of snyk, building developer first security tools to help you use open source and stay secure.technology limited is a regulatory technology business (regtech) with a mission to help financial institutions comply with their regulatory requirements whilst saving costs, eliminating operational risk, providing full audit trail and enhancing customers' journeys.   taina's fatca and crs platform provides seamless online and paper form validation for all types of fatca and crs forms with optional qualified intermediary logic including double tax treaties and withholding taxes. taina can also take care of all all  fatca/crs validation needs of a financial institution via in-sourcing.  the online part of the solution provides fantastic customer experience whilst maintaining robust compliance and governance, fitting the existing processes of the financial institution.  taina's automated tax form validators are patent pending in the uk and the us.
machine learning software engineer  - 5+ years of experience of hidden markov models and lstm network in the context of computer vision    - full stack c++ and c# 5+ years of experience with image processing experience    - ui/ux engineer    -very experienced onboarding experts to help us develop awesome onboarding platforms - consultancy roles.  we are growing and new positions are opening up  -   taina on stackoverflow  
do you work with inside sales reps, helping them to have better, more successful cold calls, discovery calls, demos    with remote working the new norm, are you struggling to review their calls/ demos and ensure reps are maximising every sales opportunity    -  sales leader or sales trainer  scroll down!   -  sales leaders  do you find yourself frustrated, that so much of your revenue comes from a disproportionate number of reps in your team, i.e your    top performers       do you lack true visibility into why some of your team's sales conversations are successful and others aren   t    does it take you too long to onboard new hires and get them contributing to your team quota    sales leaders have adopted our coaching platform to unlock the hidden value tucked away in their team's sales conversations, our tech and ai insights provides instant clarity into what makes your top performers more successful and enables you to coach your entire team have better, more effective conversations with their prospects.  -  sales trainers  we work with successful sales trainers who make good money servicing their clients and yet they   re always looking for ways to add extra value to their training, further embed their coaching and profile back tangible results to their clients.   our digital coaching platform unlocks an additional way for you to add value to your clients and their reps and amplify your current methods without further increasing the unscalable business model of exchanging your time for money!   our sales coaching platform enables sales trainers to re-enforce their workshop content, profile the impact and roi from their services as well as coach phone, email, demos and/ or field reps competence at a distance in a time effective manner.    if you   d like to harness our tech and enhance your services, further profile back the behavioural change your training has had on your customer's reps, give a clearer roi and create, longer lasting    sticker    relationships with your customers scroll down for my details
ai enthusiast | product guy | ai tech inventor- developing technological capabilities for tomorrow, today! presently developing a sufficiently advanced technology. connect! .irect target solutions inc. , executive sales representative 
a professor in the school of computing at edinburgh napier university, and a fellow of the bcs. he was appointed an officer of the order of the british empire (obe) in the 2017 birthday honours for services to cyber security. in 2018 he has presented with an  outstanding contribution to knowledge exchange  award. bill is the first person in the uk to be awarded an obe for services to cyber security.  currently, he leads the centre for distributed computing, networks, and security and the cyber academy . bill has also published 28 academic books and over 260 academic papers.  his main research focus is on information sharing, such as using trust and governance policies, threat analysis, cryptography, and triage within digital forensics. this has led to several world-wide patents, and in three highly successful spin-out companies  zonefox   symphonic software   and cyan forensics   bill regularly appears on tv and radio related to computer security and has given evidence to both the uk and scottish parliament. he has been named as one of the top 100 people for technology in scotland for every year since 2012, and was also included in the futurescot  top 50 scottish tech people who are changing the world . recently his work on secret shares received    innovation of the year    at the scottish knowledge exchange awards, for a research project which involves splitting data into secret shares, and can then be distributed across a public cloud-based infrastructure. he was also included in the jisc top 50 higher education social media influencers, and has an extensive online presence, including with asecuritysite.com. , billatnapier ,
i'm the  chief feedback officer  at howamigoing and i lead a team of amazing, intelligent, caring and funny  howmies .  together, we help companies do away with pointless  tick-the-box  performance reviews.  our unique employee performance platform provides year-round management of feedback, goals and development conversations.   my most popular (and controversial) article is below - take a glance! , howamigoing 
we know data and reporting are painful. you can't get the data you need, where you want it, when you want it.  all that changes with kleene.ai. build out your business-wide data programme in a matter of weeks - we promise it's that easy!  kleene.ai is the world   s first fully-automated, single-platform tool from data source to warehouse.  no human engineering. any or all best-in-class modules.   kleene.ai fully automates the extraction, load, transform, dependencies, modelling and version control processes  meaning analysts can access data and provide insight at the speed of thought.  your end to end #dataengineering process.   kleene.ai is #foranalystsbyanalysts ,
hey, i'm tom... i  build and grow software businesses.  before that i studied chemistry   imperial college london and followed the herd to a management consulting job in the city of london.  i got bored, built a marketplace connecting online entrepreneurs and virtual assistants from scratch whilst travelling the world and sold 90% of it.   i now   - build the b2b podcast host  bcast - help saas businesses grow with a very specific process - host the confessions of a b2b marketer podcast - write saas growth case studies ,
i have never found myself being a fan of mediocrity and i tried to develop the habit of facing and overcoming challenges to learn more and to achieve more!  i love computer science and engineering. that is why i studied software engineering as an undergraduate student.  later, i found myself gravitated toward the world of data mining. this quotation stuck with me   we're drowning in data, but starving for knowledge!  i applied and got admitted to the best university of my home country to study data mining, machine learning, pattern recognition, etc. i broke out of my comfort zone and lots of great things have happened since then. i earned my master's degree in artificial intelligence and i ranked 1st among all computer engineering graduates.  as one of the novel and challenging applications of machine learning, i chose to study dna microarrays of cancer tumors in my ms thesis. this opened the door for me to the interdisciplinary world of bioinformatics. i applied to usc which has the oldest and one of the most reputable computational biology and bioinformatics programs in the united states. i was honored to win the usc provost's phd fellowship which is the most prestigious university-wide fellowship.  shortly, i found that statistics plays a very important role in this field and to better understand and apply data analysis and machine learning algorithms, i need to better know the underlying statistical concepts. i embraced this challenge and i earned a master   s degree in statistics in parallel with my phd studies on computational problems in metagenomics.  i believe i am a good team player and a quick learner. i have always developed myself to be hard-working, goal-oriented, self-motivated, and good at creative and critical thinking. now, i am so excited and passionate to use my extensive academic training to solve real-world problems in the industry and i enthusiastically believe the upcoming challenges help me grow further and bring more value to my career. , sap , president
mads faurholt is a successful serial entrepreneur, ceo, chairman, board member, bestselling author, and keynote speaker.   mads runs a modern-day holding operational company referred to as our group, with companies across financial services, recruiting, education and conferences. together with his team, he consistently looks for opportunities to start and partner with companies, in order to expand the group's impact.   while mads build companies to keep them, he has done several successful exits of companies he founded, including selling lion & lion to a large listed agency group and compare asia group to a larger insurer.   mads co-authored the bestseller    entrepreneur - building your business from start to success    with lars tvede. the book which has been sold in over 20 countries, in multiple languages, was made after a deep desire to share some of their experience towards building a company - some see the book as a start-up manual.   as a well-respected entrepreneur with multiple success stories, mads is a frequent contributor in various news shows and magazines.    mads lives in london with his son theodore. 
specialties  end to end recruitment,head hunting/mapping,process driven,multitasking,quality delivery,presentation skills,detailed interview skills,commitment to deliver on time or against a given time frame. ,
high-energy, results-focused executive who brings a diverse background in technology and systems/management consulting to the cloud. i have a track record of building business that prove others wrong while proving the teams within the business right in maximizing their potential and exceeding expectations.  i currently lead an international organization of sales, business development, technology specialists, and program/business analysts focused on expanding aws business throughout europe, the middle east, and africa (emea) while accelerating adoption, usage, and revenue growth in these geographies. my organization owns aws emea market segment strategy (enterprise, isv, game-tech, smb, and digitally-native organizations) along with owning our customer engagements focused on large-scale migrations, greenfield acquisition, digital innovation (using amazon   s working backwards strategy), vertical industry specialization, cloud economics
technology, startups, innovation, economics, finance and history.   founder of peerindex which processes social data using machine learning to identify novel, actionable signals. startup after management, founder, and adviser roles at seedcamp, esouk, ami software, planetout, daylife, evi & others.   invested in more than 20 early stage companies, with several exits. product launches and innovation after launching products / running innovation programmes at the bbc, reuters, the guardian and the economist. formerly a correspondent at the guardian and the economist   i've spoken at business schools such as harvard business school
sherry founded the worldstone group in 1994, a global it managed service provider that was acquired in 2012 by a major global carrier. her reputation has been built on helping businesses to accelerate their growth, and to achieve their objectives, by implementing digital strategies and adopting innovative technology when the timing is right for their organisation.  with xalient, sherry has hired a world-class leadership team with the goal of delivering caring yet robust managed services to support large enterprises. her aim with the company is to ensure that xalient remains a progressive and modern organisation, fostering a customer-centric, open and agile workplace that empowers the xalient team to deliver creative solutions with operational excellence.  sherry recognises the tremendous value that women can bring to the it world and remains committed to closing the gender gap in this traditionally male environment. 
strategy executive, data scientist with experience of digital transformation.  experienced with  artificial intelligence, covering machine learning and deep learning  strategy, digital marketing, corporate development, m&a  5g, security and data-driven decision making  ,
i'm the cold call king. scratch that, i'm just an ordinary guy who cold calls as part of my living. the only time i feel like an actual king is when i make a human to human connection with a complete stranger, which isn't often enough, but when it happens, it's one of the best feelings in the world. it's not like holding my kids tight, or kissing my wife or running buck naked in a dew-covered meadow of marigolds...but connecting on a call in a very real, human to human way with potential new customers, is right up there.  a year ago, i started recording real life (just me) videos of my cold calling escapades and posting them here. i see it as a warts-and-all exhibition-of-a-thing i've come to understand, respect, and constantly want to improve. see my activity section for the latest hits and misses.  my role with bridgepointe technologies is predicated on saving you time, stress and money. while helping you make better and more informed it decisions. for the last 12 years, i   ve acted as a bridge between client companies and suppliers.  as a vendor neutral it strategist (aka technology matchmaker) we have non-exclusive relationships with over 100 competing suppliers in the areas of colo, cloud, ucaas/ccaas, sd-wan, connectivity, and managed security.   put simply, we help you choose the right solution
sylvera brings transparency and efficiency to the global carbon markets.   super happy for great individuals who want to work in this space to reach out about opportunities.   **no recruiters or outsourcing agencies thanks** 
bharat gulati is founder/director of crownstack, a leading design and development agency based in india that creates amazing apps for companies such as mercedes benz, uber and aon hewitt. as a visionary in user experience and mobile strategy, bharat has focussed his company into producing apps for and consult cxo's around the world to help create their product roadmap.         prior to starting his venture, he worked at new york based development agency fueled.  keywords  mobile development, web development, ios development, android development, location based apps, cloud based, product management, agile, scrum, enterprise customers, award winning apps, product strategy, delivering enterprise. , bharatgulati ,
7+ years of rich experience in automation testing and quality assurance.  experience in digital and retail testing domain. performed end-to-end testing of website, mobile,tablets and kindle applications.  extensively worked in agile methodologies with rapid changes and in the fast paced environments. capable of working efficiently under stress and tight deadlines. ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously. expertise in defect tracking tools like qc, jira and test case management tools like jira, testrail and zephyr.  experience in creating automation framework form scratch using selenium webdriver, sahi pro and protractor. extensive knowledge in core java and java script. hands on experience in ci/cd processes- maven and jenkins integration. automation of rest api using rest assured.  specialties  java, java script, protractor, selenium web driver, sahi pro, test framework development. 
i'm always up for any opportunities or for collaborations in tech or just discussing anything interesting, (dms open)  i am a results-driven entrepreneurial product leader who is passionate about building simple, beautiful and usable products that consumers love. i spend most of my time thinking about education, urban cities, startups, productivity, and reading books.   as a product manager, i want to help people overcome fuzzy human protocols and leverage technology to make the world a better place. i posit that process kills efficiency and simple is always better. i design, code, write, read, speak, learn, and listen. most of all, i am as passionate about my craft today as i was when i wrote my first line of code.   some words that tell a story   - product management, product design, strategy, ux, city-tech
global marketing & demand generation leader| software product, platform marketing and it services marketing leader| brand custodian|~100 million$ and 1000 crore market cap|enterprise saas&paas marketing|positioning expert| mind share & wallet share| digital transformation | corporate development | investor communications | strategic alliances || speaker, blogger & technologyevangelist | startup advisor, mentor, investor| csr leader.  leads the global demand generation teams supporting the 100 million$ business portfolio through integrated marketing and demand generation efforts. runs the global strategic partnerships and alliances teams. return on marketing investment of 5x year on year for the last 5 years. part of the executive team that has scaled the organization from 200 to 2000+. drives corporate annual reporting & the csr initiatives.  --awarded by bbc knowledge and cmo asia as the greatest marketing influencer of 2017. also, he has won the most influential marketing technology leader award from the world marketing congress twice in a row for the years 2016 and 2015 and is part of the select list of top 100 marketers who are awarded this.  --has worked with software industry's thought leaders, ceos and ctos of enterprise billion$ companies, silicon valley based first generation entrepreneurs with multi exit track record,  building billion$ businesses -- has been a successful enterprise saas product manager l program manager --earlier worked with leading organizations like pramati, apere (acquired by citrix), office of the cto at ca, hcl-cisco.  --  masters in computer technology| executive program in management from iim-k. graduated in a leadership program administered by ca technologies for young leaders. -- mentored a startup which had a successful exit in the fintech space.  -- analyst relations experience with gartner, nelsonhall, forrester, idc, frost and sullivan
infosys is a world leader in the software+ services business with global revenues of usd 10.2 billion (as of 31/3/2017) and 200,000 + employees. i am a president reporting into the group ceo. as a president, i am part of the executive management team at infosys with the responsibility to represent the firm to clients, investors, governments and other stakeholders. my day to day responsibilities in this role are three fold   1. direct p&l responsibility for our financial services, insurance, healthcare & life sciences business. this is over a third of the infosys global revenue. i also have responsibility for our uk & australia public sector business and for australia as a region (across verticals).  2. sales operations, effectiveness, training across the enterprise. this means leading & transforming our 2000+ sales teams across the globe.   3. oversight on large deals across infosys and deal advisor relationship management.   i am also on the board of infosys china & infosys sweden. i was the chairman of business disability international (a not for profit based in london founded by infosys, barclays, gsk with board representation from all three companies) with a focus on making employers 'disability confident'.   i started my career at two major banks before moving into a technology consulting and leadership role. i have lived and worked in asia, europe and north america and managed our relationships with key banks across the globe.    i was invited to join the global young leader program at the world economic forum in 2014.  i am also the vice chair of the economic growth board of the cbi (confederation of british industry) , joshimohit_ygl 
want to dominate your market thoroughly - even with your sales teams now working from home  connectandsell delivers more live conversations for b2b sales teams in 90 minutes than a traditional week of work would typically. even if your reps are on their couch.  the weapon of market domination positively impacts sales leaders - helping them to go fast, test messaging, yield significant pipeline gains, structure follow up with the discipline and ultimately transform the way their teams go to market. for cfo   s we dramatically reduce the cost of conversations acquired by 85%.  it's a maths game, and it works. see below   major hardware vendor  $63m in pipe every quarter attributed to us  major saas vendor  96% pipe attribution and creating 1000 net new opportunities per month  bank  spun up a new unit and became the biggest player in the category in 12 months, taking the business from $250mm aum to  $1bnaum with 12 reps , energygerry ,
sales and marketing leader | general manager | advisor , collsdad .14 years generalist human resources experience gained predominantly within smes in the marketing, digital, technology and professional services spaces, at a global/ international level.   a proven strategic and operational hr leader, with an excellent track record of delivering and driving hr strategy and the people agenda to deliver business success and growth. 
i am a co-founder and partner of nextview, a thematic, seed-stage venture capital fund. i try to spend as much time as possible working with entrepreneurs and investing in businesses that are trying to solve important problems for everyday people.   i was previously a venture capitalist at spark capital, a leading venture capital firm focused on the intersection of media, technology, and entertainment.    before joining spark capital, i worked at ebay, as the north america business unit owner for  finding . in this role, i was involved in design and launch over 20 products that significantly enhanced ebay's search, browse, and merchandising capabilities.  previously, i was a consultant at the parthenon group, a boutique strategy consulting firm and focused on the consumer and retail industries. additionally, i have also held product management roles at fidelity investments, bzzagent, and helped to found letslink.jp, one of the first social networking sites outside of the united states.  i've been blessed to have a wonderful wife and two daughters and spend most of my free time with them. i'm also a founding member of highrock church in brookline, ma.  specialties  internet and new media, venture capital
i   m fascinated by the relationship between business and technology and the potential it has to change an industry. i   ve developed comprehensive business and product strategies for start-up, technology and management consulting companies across continents, and thrive on driving excellence by aligning people, processes and technology to influence significant change and operational improvements.   i   m especially proud of the relationships i   ve built with internal stakeholders and external partners and clients. i use my appreciation for cross-functional roles to build and lead teams, and partner with all levels of an organization to support company goals and create positive impact on revenue. ,
being in sales and account management i am lucky enough to be able to use my unique and charismatic personality to energise, influence and assist in increasing efficiency within the construction industry.  not afraid to go above and beyond expectations to achieve results. having a first rate track record of performance and commitment as well as being able to deliver business value to the sales operation and customer.   able to quickly establish credibility with senior decision makers in a wide range of business contexts, all with the aim of helping to grow the company brand and market share.   managing sales executives, business development and marketing teams in a highly competitive market. a born negotiator with the ability to handle objections and convert to sales with a true hunter instinct.   highly driven and energetic sales manager /sales executive with over 14 years experience of b2b sales within the software industry.  a true believer that bim will underpin the onset and continuation of digital fabrication within construction. ,
from leading a major redesign for cnet at 16, to raising startup investment from universal at 21, i've spent the past decade honing a unique skillset that spans full stack development, digital product design, and business management. along the way i've conceived and delivered products that are used daily by millions of people, for brands like disney, kobalt, spotify, and google.   now i'm working with clients as decimal, a growing technology company with a proven track record, delivering innovative software projects for the world   s leading music, entertainment, and health brands.  achievements i   m proud of      youngest participant ever selected for the bbc innovation labs      produced 3 webby winners and won a hsbc startup stars award before turning 21      raised funding from the world's biggest music group to develop a product which pioneered new techniques for profiling and searching music at scale , chrsgrrtt 
i love applying 3d simulation to business problems which are impractical to solve by other means. we founded buzz 3d to do precisely this, from ad billboard pre-testing, to planogram market research & our latest 3dcx technology for full-scale interactive retail store simulations online.  3dcx is designed for retailers who   ve long suspected today   s online    shopping    is really just online buying     no consumer-experience  just a race to the lowest price, and that   s why audiences are flocking to the big online disruptors.  no more.  3dcx blows open the traditional constraints of 2d web shopping to create a unique, custom-built, plug-in ecommerce solution delivered straight to the browser, no apps.  buzz 3dcx changes the game. with a brand-personalised 3d online sales platform, you can apply your visual merchandising knowledge, place points of sale, commercial messaging, take shopper-flow and adjacencies into account  all things you have vast experience in.  the best part is that shopper behaviour online in a simulated store environment matches real-world behaviour to the tune of 92%. anything that works as a sales driver in the physical world will work in 3dcx, and vice versa!  analytics of all shopper behaviour, machine-learning algorithms to train a.i. for insight-predictions,    getting behind the eyes of the shopper    to explore best practice and translate this to your physical stores ... all of this is not only possible, it   s part of our roadmap. (we   re even including in-line advertising using 3d out of home ad billboards  place as many as you like and cycle the content, showing 100's of ads without ever disturbing the shopper).  we   re currently in phase 1
# c, java, python # container, # docker, # kubernetes # pxe server knowledge  # disaster recovery solutions # migration of database # develop master slave infrastructure 
a dynamic and entrepreneurial senior level product, technology and security leader, craig is committed to creating pragmatic products and solutions that drive business outcomes.   an executive level thought leader in security product, cyber security and technology with a unique blend of security, product management and business leadership expertise, spanning many sectors and business areas. a refreshing and entrepreneurial individual with a flair for designing and implementing products and strategic level improvements combining technology, people and policy to achieve tangible results.  an enigmatic and inspirational leader in the field, he is often called upon to represent his views in industry leading publications and through high profile speaking engagements. , craiggoodwincdk 
chglobal expert in technology marketing, product management and product marketing. cloud, apps, fintech, business intelligence, small business accounting, payroll and payments, erp, hcm.   rich international experience across emea, asia, us, latam. language speaker. exceptional presenter and brand advocate.  execution through people, innovation, process discipline, coaching and leadership.  father, athlete and fundraiser. , nickgoode ,
so passionate about training, developing and coaching salespeople that i created a platform to enable organisations to define, develop and measure 'what good looks like' across their whole sales team.   if you want to drive improvement and transformation in your sales teams then you need to start by (1) defining 'what good looks like' then (2) developing to that standard and (3) constantly measure the outcomes.  so many organisations miss step (1) and (3) and so many still use an informal coaching process or leave it up to managers for (2).    e4enable solves that problem...  i've over 20 years experience in sales leadership & transformation within cyber security, technology and data companies, building, developing and managing high performing sales teams. my sales approach is consultative, connecting propositions with customer issues and performance goals, driving true customer value alongside business growth. my leadership style is tailored to the individual and focuses on coaching to motivate and align individual goals to shared business goals. , katellewis ,
united kingdom august 16 , my passion goes to building high-performing and focused organisations that support strong revenue growth. i thrive at hiring, scaling and leading result-driven teams, shaping expansion strategies and fostering a great culture where everyone is inspired to innovate and over-achieve.   i am a marketer at heart, customer-obsessed and found of product design and branding. but i also bring a strong expertise in performance marketing and growth hacking, acquired in super competitive and high-velocity environments like linkedin and pipedrive.  as a board advisor and mentor, i enjoy sharing my experience with companies or future leaders, helping them with strategic thinking, enhancing effectiveness and addressing operational challenges.  brand | go2market  | demand generation | performance marketing | account based marketing | marketing automation | b2c and b2b | international | big data | saas | dnvb , lbret ,
visionary and energetic leader with passion towards technology, products and customer obsession. i enjoy working to resolve complex issues. i like new challenges, comfortable with open-ended problems, ambiguity, and assume 100% ownership to get the things done.  reporting to the ceo and part of the leadership team to realize the vision of software platforms across cockpit software products.   in the current role as global head of visteon software platforms and technology development teams, i am responsible for cockpit products software, strategy, roadmap, execution, and innovation. visteon launches around 60 plus products each year.  core focus areas include    driver information     industry-leading digital clusters and multi-display modules infotainment     scalable android-based infotainment solutions smartcore        next-generation integrated digital cockpit solutions drivecore        enhanced safety domain controllers for level 2-plus automated driving  visteon is well-positioned to address emerging automotive cockpit software trends, with solutions including phoenix    infotainment, smartcore    domain controllers and an autonomous driving approach that uses artificial intelligence and machine learning. visteon named as a top-five tier 1 supplier for connected car solutions by abi research, visteon is technology-driven, flexible and enjoys a diversified customer base and broad global footprint.  earlier handled zebra technologies (ex-moto/symbol) global software team delivering product portfolio in all enterprise market segments. responsible for software to launch industry best 23 new products using single software platform.  ex-qualcommer with 16 years of cell phone industry experience,       joined as an engineer in 3g modem team and led the modem software, bluetooth, connectivity, and chipset teams at qcom.      led global bluetooth
robotic automation has been my life since i  built  my first macro in 1981. using software to optimize human work is something i built my career on. i've seen it all. from a 30 percent saving on every call handling time to 500% improvement in human work - all using robotic automation in some guise or another!  delivering rpa (attended and unattended) to many of the worlds largest telco's, call centers, banks, back office, healthcare, insurance etc., is what i've been doing more extensibly since 2005 and i'm proud of our large diverse customer base saving billions of dollars around the globe.  specialties  robotic automation. robotic desktop automation (rda), robotic process automation (rpa), user process improvement. contact center efficiency. back office task automation. business process automation. business process improvement. workforce intelligence. worker analytics. ai machine learning, no code/lo code, bpm, case management. , franciscarden ,
i am the ceo and founder of aileen allkins consultancy (aac) which assists companies aspiring to differentiate by delivering a world class customer service experience. i have over 30 years    experience transforming the customer experience of some of the world   s best-known technology companies. most recently, i was the cvp of customer service and support at microsoft, leading a diverse, international team of over 25,000 amazing people to provide best-in-class support for millions of customers for which microsoft achieved several industry awards.  i   ve established aac to help businesses develop a continuous connection between the company, its people, culture and customers. it addresses the issues i   ve spent decades resolving for leading software giants, including microsoft and hewlett packard  how to increase customer and employee satisfaction while ensuring alignment to the company's strategic and financial objectives.  i have always been a strong advocate for the front-line teams who have a significant impact on brand perception and customer loyalty and my approach focuses on empowering the people on the front-line to create the best possible customer experience.  i am a champion of diversity, empowerment and inclusion and a keen mentor for early in career women.  in 2019 was recognised as one of the top 50 most powerful women in technology by the national diversity council (usa) and at hp i was on the board for diversity and inclusion. 
improbable , senior talent partner (ftc) ,5+ years of dynamic experience in recruitment -end to end recruitment   and administration and hr executive , appwrk it solutions pvt ltd 
i am a global technology / ai leader and diversity & inclusion / stem champion with mba and 20+ years' experience in business development, account / partner engagement, strategy consulting, and program management.   i am passionate about  scaling disruptive technologies, building new revenue streams, and implementing global partnerships at scale, with operational excellence, and at a rapid pace. my multinational leadership experience spans managing teams of 1000+ members to roll out cross-country, cross-business unit, or multi-geo initiatives.    following my electrical engineering and management studies at the university of pennsylvania, i started my career with capgemini in the u.s. and then motorola in turkey. after graduating from columbia business school (cbs) in 2005, i continued my career at greenwich consulting (now part of ey) and british telecom in the u.k. coming from a middle income turkish family, i am proud to have financed all my education with scholarships and sponsorships and having lived & worked in three countries.   my passion for technology led me to join microsoft   s information & content experiences group where my team and i signed c. 1,500 partnerships across 60 markets. i set up our global startup success management team and held customer/ partner management roles as part of microsoft ventures / accelerators and business ai teams. most recently at microsoft, i designed and implemented a preview partnership programme to scale microsoft's early stage saas ai solutions. i am currently at accenture's microsoft business group focusing on data & ai for uk & ireland.  as part of my social impact / charity work
passionate leader with a proven track record of building world-class channel gtm teams, from strategy to program to execution.   experienced in all indirect channel models  value-added resellers, two-tier distribution, managed service providers, global system integrators and consulting firms.   built appdynamics    ww indirect gtm leading to incremental growth from $20m to $150m.  prior to joining appdynamics, i led meraki's global channel sales organization. the channel was a key contributor in meraki's growth from $100m to $1b in four years.  champion for diversity and inclusion.    founder and global lead of women appdynamics (2017 - 2018)  founder and global lead of women of meraki (2015-2017)  cisco meraki president's club (2014 & 2016)  cisco appdynamics president   s club (2018)  crn channel chief (2017) crn channel chief (2018) crn channel chief (2020) crn women of the channel (2018) crn award 5 star for channel program (2018) recognized as one of cisco's top channel chiefs (2018) , ghazalasifsf 
i am passionate about sourcing, growing and developing talent. i have helped to change the way in which companies align the right people, with the right opportunities at the right time.   specialties  scaling, problem solving, removing blockers, employment branding, business partnering, creating shared vision, talent acquisition, workforce planning, executive search, employee on-boarding and team leadership.   out of work, i am a volunteer lifeguard and an avid sports fan. 
available contractor - cloud roles only (aws / gcp / azure), kubernetes, big data, python, golang     perm expand below          recruiters - please always send the tech spec, day rate / salary, ir35 status, end client company, location and duration up front. please linkedin message instead of email. you   re also welcome to connect for the future.  author of over 500 open source tools for cloud, devops, big data, nosql, spark, hadoop, docker, linux, web
i   ve spent most of my career in sales, i love it.  i love the visibility of sales, the constant need to evolve how you win, the days you can celebrate with your team and the ones where you need to put your arm round them and show its going to be ok.  it   s a tough environment to be in but its always made me feel so alive.   there's been a collision of things that demand us to reimagine the old sales machine and start building teams that are 'in it together'. our buyer is smarter, our employees needs have changed and there are layers to our sales team structures that require our people to rely on each other if we're going to suceed.    building the team that wins together is where i'm happiest and feel incredibly lucky to have the opportunity to be part of the jiminny team and help other leaders do just that. ,
a highly motivated and astute global business leader.  she has over 20 years of record setting performance in the global information technology & communications (ict) industry.  well respected within the industry for her client focus and ability to delivery verifiable year on year sales growth.  major strengths include leading transformational change, sales operational leadership, client satisfaction, managing and motivating globally diverse teams and driving market growth. ,
what sets me apart from other european marketing leaders is that i come with a global following of sales and marketing decision-makers built-in. i have deep expertise across digital/content/social media/ demand gen (i literally teach a course at uc berkeley on the topic), and that i understand first-hand the expectations of a us-based tech company operating in europe. i specialize in demand generation and pipeline marketing, and i learned from the best in the business during my time at marketo when i reported directly to co-founder jon miller.  i wrote the best selling marketing book welcome to the funnel  how to turn your content and social media marketing up to eleven and self-published it selling 22,000 copies worldwide. a revised edition is in the works and currently slated for a summer 2020 release, along with two additional books i've been working on for the past three years.   in addition to my marketing duties and team building, i deliver 50 plus keynotes, sessions, and workshops around the globe each year having graced the stages at the most prominent digital conferences in the world including dreamforce, content marketing world, smx, business insider trends festival, marketing profs b2b forum, marketo marketing nation, and many more.   most recently i was the head of brand marketing at microsoft in a hybrid role focusing on the 5th largest business in microsoft and bringing next-generation demand generation & digital capabilities to a mature giant, with the goal of turning disruption into an ally. a major focus of this role is teaching marketers and partnering with agencies on how to leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning to better understand the customer decision journey, make better use of their data
technical skills & tools       automation     ghost inspector, katalon automation recorder, & rapid reporter.      cloud environments     amazon web services (aws) & microsoft azure.      continuous delivery (cd) and continuous integration (ci)     circleci, git, github, gocd, & jenkins.      data management     microsoft access & microsoft sql server management studio 18.      integrated development environment (ide)     android studio & xcode.      operating environments/platforms     android, intranet, ios, mac os, microsoft windows, saas (web and on-premise), & web.      mobile/native app testing     beta by crashlytics, charles proxy, fabric, hockeyapp, teamviewer host, testflight
i am an experienced information security professional. have been working in information technology since 1992, and have specialised in security since 1997.   during this time i have worked with clients in a wide range of sectors from financial institutions to manufacturing and government organisations.   i am quick to pick up new concepts and approaches and i enjoy working with a wide range of people, nationalities, and organisations.  my strength is discussing solutions with both business and technical audiences.  specialties  experienced security professional  - customer relationships and technical account management - managed security services - mapping business requirements into policies, products and solutions. , sbj24 ,
high performance, scalability and reliability cloud architect. passionate about building secure event driven platforms on aws using open source tooling, helping businesses to extract value from their data in the most cost effective and agile way. extensive 10+ experience in deploying large scale distributed systems which empower business workflows to make data driven decisions. 
global leader with transformational experience in 4 industries (automotive, aerospace, technology and financial services) focused on engineering, manufacturing, supply chain, technology, operations, purchasing and real estate. ,
a business executive with 25 years international software and infrastructure sales experience across north america, asia, europe and africa with leadership roles covering sales, sales consulting, customer success, business development, marketing and consulting. , rogerdscott ,
unleash your analytics with sas-powered apps that fit your decision workflows!    our team can help with       sas powered apps - built on modern, supportable open source frameworks     self serve data workflows (data controller)     system integrations (sas 9 rest api)     sas platform monitoring and alerting (zabbix)     migration of sas 9 stored process web apps onto sas viya     modernisation of legacy sas af/scl desktop applications     training on web app development with sas 9 and viya  our experience enables us to deliver value from the very first sprint, our ethos is full transparency, our support packages are standardised and clear from the beginning, and of course everything is delivered with full documentation (user guide, admin guide, developer guide).    products include       data controller for sas   (data management on both sas 9 and viya)      sas9 rest api (for systems integration)     sas9 monitor (performance tuning and alerting)      sas9 health (scan your system for common performance and configuration issues)  do get in touch with rfps, ideas, suggestions - we'd be happy to engage. , allanbowe 
cio or head of technology in your organization, how are you coping with the data deluge to determine which datasets enable you to gain insights and create value, and which are just noise   organizations know they need to be more data-driven, but they are also struggling to identify their most valuable categories of data. to glean real insights from data, we need to put these capabilities in the hands of decision-makers at critical junctures. this will likely entail a transition of data from existing silos, and making data analytics tools more human-centric and embedded.  as the executive vice president of strategic clients at qlik, i lead a multi-disciplinary team that blends sales, value engineering and consulting services. my teams advise strategic clients on their digital and data transformational strategies for large enterprise customers to maximize the value of their overall investments in data and in qlik   s data integration and analytics platforms.  with more than 22 years    experience as a senior executive across the ai and data analytics space, i consult with clients in every industry to help them define their data strategies for improving revenue goals and driving business process efficiencies. i am part of qlik's harvard customer advisory group, which is a community of data and ai executives who focus on ai and analytics as a strategic imperative in their organization. i was also recently included among the    top 50 most powerful women in tech    by the national diversity council.  i believe in taking a human-centric approach to conversations around ai and analytics  technology must be applied to a human context in both business and consumer scenarios. much my focus is around these final aspects of delivery, because success in data is about being able to fundamentally change the culture and mindset within the organization.  if you would like to discuss how your organization can start leveraging the full value of your data, please feel free to get in touch with me 
i help businesses across a variety of industries secure meetings and obtain additional clients by utilising cognism's extensive prospecting platform, connecting our customers with their ideal personas, and intelligently identifying the optimal times to reach out to their prospects using market insights.  cognism is an official salesforce lightning data partner and has been voted the top saas company to work for in the uk.   please feel free to get in contact if you are interested in learning more about cognism's offering 
eather empowers people, non-profits and businesses with salesforce crm technology and talent. she is an experienced motivational speaker, certified nlp coach, trainer and 8x certified salesforce consultant.  salesforce is the world   s #1 crm with 150k customers and 30k nonprofits.   heather is serial entrepreneur and leads an award winning salesforce consultancy, training & recruitment agency.   as a female entrepreneur and mother she is a champion for sdg's gender equality & decent work and economic growth. she launched supermums to bring more women into tech, engaging 270+ trainees across 9 countries, 170 volunteers and provided    500k+ probono hrs to charities.   she is listed as one of the most influential women in uk tech & has won or been a finalist for a series of awards. in 2019 she was awarded a coveted golden hoodie as a salesforce trailblazer.   heather is passionate speaker. she has inspired and motivated audiences to take action since 2006 with amazing feedback. she regularly talks about    successful consulting on crm projects   - key skills of a salesforce consultant  - delivering successful crm projects using business analysis & change mgmt  since 2010 she has overseen over 500+ projects. she now leads a team of consultants and trains  consultants internationally.  audiences include dreamforce, salesforce user groups, salesforce influencers, and nonprofit events - chase 25, charity digital & merl tech. she is a contributor to salesforce ben, salesforce.com and other channels.   career development for women   - empowering women in tech & the workplace  - developing your salesforce career   heather is a certified nlp coach and run a coaching and training business since 2005 to support 1000   s of people. she now speaks to global audiences helping women to progress their careers in tech and companies to support equality and progression.   she has presented for audiences of   10,000 including, salesforce world tour key note london, salesforce world tour manchester, dreamforce to you hosted by andrew marr, marie claire & salesforce partner events.   she has contributor to the evening standard
story is a tale of two markets. a journey from belgium to the uk, that shaped my future and prepared me for my current position as founder of eximium recruitment, a boutique tech recruitment agency with offices in london and gent. i am a passionate recruiter in human capital. a people-oriented professional with a wealth of international experience connecting the right talent to the right opportunities. i love to work with people and businesses and find out how they tick.  my move from belgium to london and the birth of my business rank among my greatest achievements. but neither were easy. my experience in both has provided me with greater resilience and a better understanding of how to successfully found and grow a business in an increasingly difficult environment. the most rewarding aspect of my role is helping others grow and succeed. seeing highly skilled talent that i have guided, blossoming into superstars that drive tech startups and scaleups towards stellar success is deeply satisfying.  so, if you   re a tech startup or scaleup that is looking to supercharge your go-to-market strategy or a candidate who needs guidance and development in your next career move, get in touch. , inconsultancy_ 
sales professional for 10 years in multiple industries starting as sales executive  before moving strongly into sales management.  a proven closer with specialism in building relationships, forecasting, managing end-to-end sales cycles and leading teams. demonstrable success through career. grew cognisoft   s customer base from 48 to 102 in 3 years. increased flexera   s pipeline by 70% by implementing and enforcing strict kpi   s throughout the team and delivering expert coaching sessions.
a highly motivated and seasoned recruitment professional with a wealth of achievements within multi-national companies. offers outstanding drive, energy and enthusiasm with strong communication and interpersonal skills.  specialties  direct sourcing recruitment models with extensive global experience including internal mobility programs,employer branding,implementation of ats systems and other recruitment technologies,high volume low level recruitment through to senior exec search, employee referral programs, off-shore technology hubs (india) and college hiring, , shanehicksuk ,
do you work with sales reps, coaching them to have better, more successful cold calls, discovery calls, demos and/or face to face meetings    do you find yourself frustrated, that so much of your revenue comes from a disproportionate number of reps in your team, i.e your    top performers       do you lack true visibility into why some of your team's sales conversations are successful and others aren   t    does it take you too long to onboard new hires and get them contributing to your team quota    sales leaders have adopted our coaching platform to unlock the hidden value tucked away in their team's sales conversations, our tech and ai insights provides instant clarity into what makes your top performers more successful and enables you to coach your entire team have better, more effective conversations with their prospects. 
i build and transform.  a marketing leader on a mission to change the perception of marketing as a 'cost centre' to a 'growth enabler'.  i love to take raw talent and develop them to their full potential.   give me a challenge and let me go fix it! ex-mongodb, ibm, hp, samsung, cisco, pepsico , pazmacdonald 
i help organisations transform to deliver insights and value from data. as an experienced data science product manager, i am known for my ability to engage diverse audiences, and to explain complex techniques and results.  i have a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry, skilled in python, r, power bi, google cloud platform, kubernetes, docker, robotic process automation, product & project management. i have a strong engineering background with a master of science focused in artificial intelligence, being able to translate analytics into business and scientific insight.  i have worked in the uk, usa, italy and india with clients and roles that combine highly challenging organisational and valuable data problems. ,
i am customer focused and a results driven  management professional with a broad base of international experience across diverse domains including banking & financial services, insurance and information services. i hold extensive expertise in leadership, consulting, innovation, business and it transformation, sales, business development, negotiations and the real asset - people management. i lead a team of over 600 technology and functional experts spread across uk, us, canada, spain, australia and india.  over the years i have acquired an enriching experience in working with multiple customer organisations across geographies to help them define and streamline their business & it functions.   i have a clear understanding of business challenges that our clients encounter and the need for it to deliver value and scale. i am recognised as an innovative & dependable leader with creative problem solving skills.   - full solutions / services play - it consulting and services - business development - cognitive conversational experience enhancement  - innovation, business transformation and integrated process automation - building strong customer trust & relationships - revenue & growth management - large program management - contracts & negotiations - cost budgeting and allocations - people management (all it and business roles) - staffing and recruitment 
a dynamic professional with 5 years of experience on data processing ,social media and client vendor management domain.  * an effective communicator with excellent relationship management skills and strong analytical, problem solving & organizational abilities. possess a flexible & detail oriented attitude.  * specialties  sql, reporting, data mining, data extraction, data validation, data conversion, data cleansing, project management, client interaction, time management oracle,comptel mediation,pl/sql,client and vendor management,social media management ,
 results oriented enterprise software sales leader and consultant with over 25 years of experience in driving new revenue, strong long term client relationships and scaling organisations. proven track record of delivering superior results and developing high performing customer success, direct sales, partnerships, services and revenue teams. collaborative leader that will inspire and develop an energetic team to drive growth and provide the vision, strategies and leadership required to increase a company   s foot print, expand global market share and generate sustainable revenue. deep experience in building enterprise sales and inside sales teams and driving customer retention strategies for scale. building go to market strategies and structures that contribute to growth, including partnerships, business development and channel strategies and aligning teams to deliver results in both emea and apac. i have managed teams in excess of 30, selling solutions including big data, data warehouses, iot, rpa (robotic process automation), api management, application integration, bpm, static code analysis and open source support. i have a keen interest in game changing technologies like blockchain smart contracts, ai (artificial intelligence) and ml (machine learning). ,
 hey, i   m garrett. i worked in the finance industry for about a year, didn   t particularly like it, and used every minute of my free time to learn web development. now i work at tridigital as a web developer and love it!
software quality assurance with a demonstrated history of working in the logistics and supply chain industry. skilled in software development, java language, and sql. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer science and applied mathematics from queens college. ,
matt raible is a well-known figure in the java community and has been building web applications for most of his adult life. for over 20 years, he has helped developers learn and adopt open source frameworks and use them effectively. he's a web developer, java champion, and developer advocate at okta. matt is a frequent contributor to open source and a big fan of java, intellij, typescript, angular, and spring boot.   he   s a member of the bad-ass jhipster development team and loves classic vws.
masters in software engineering, san jose state university, (2014 - 2016)      i aim at developing better software for the smarter future      seeking challanging position in the field of software engineering and enterprise application   development, i would like to join an organization which will allow me to grow   as an individual and effectively employ my skill-set to the on-going projects.  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~                                                   languages and technologies ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~     programming languages    c, c++, java, vb 6, python, c#, php      web technologies   html, css, javascript, jquery, ajax, bootstrap, rest, json, angularjs
successful developer with more than 4 years of experience contributing to the successful analysis, design, development, and deployment of multiple applications through all stages of development cycles. excellent capabilities in identifying potential issues and implementing effective solutions to meet project requirements. strong team member with an exceptional record of building quality solutions for varied environments using modern technologies such as node.js, express.js, mongodb, angular, python, and golang. , slim_tock ,
i am having 6+ years experience in website development and designing and have done lots of project and with rating. i always believe in quality work - i give best in my work. - ontime delivery - quality work - clean coding  - 100% responsive design , nikitaj50596130 ,
i am a developer with a thorough knowledge of es6 and react. i have a host of projects to demonstrate that, so feel free to check out my featured section or my portfolio. i'm currently working as a web developer at iia in sunny suffolk and in my free time i'm currently learning data structure implementation, common programming patterns and time/space complexity of algorithms using es6 and node js.  i'm a developer because i genuinely love learning and the absolutely massive scope of computer science is something i find incredibly rewarding and exciting. so, if you have know of any exciting opportunities that you feel would be a good fit please feel free to let me know.   thanks for taking the time to go over my summary and if you'd like to see some of my work check out my portfolio.  
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in e-commerce, php, wordpress, zend, and jquery. strong engineering professional with a high school focused in basic from p.t.m.h.s.s thazhekode. 
completed the 6 months internship in indian institute of research and development for differently abled.  a meticulous, creative, and passionate software engineer with a strong interest in projects that require both conceptual and analytical thinking. fully-committed to designing and developing innovative applications that users will love. always eager to learn more from anyone or anything. i would love to join a team/company that will allow me to leverage my skills, encourage my passions, and continue to challenge me as i grow in this field or in life.  personal website   front end  javascript (es5 & es6) | html5 | css3 | react | jquery | react native back end  node.js | express | postgresql | mongodb | mongoose | mysql | restful api | nginx | firebase testing/deployment  mocha | chai | aws ec2 | aws s3 | heroku | new relic | artillery | agile methodology developer tools  git | npm | yarn | webpack | babel | tdd ,
an it professional with 4+ years of experience in php with different framework & open source, web application development.   i have worked on various projects in india or abroad on different website development platforms.  specialties  having good knowledge on mysql, codegnitor, laravel, css, javascript, jquery.     
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php and its framework, laravel, matlab, microsoft word, and microsoft office. strong engineering professional graduated from the government engineering college of bhavnagar. 
i am a pre-final year student at iit(ism) dhanbad.  i have hands-on experience in web development, implementation of data structures and algorithms and problem solving.  i am a member of the technical society of iit(ism) dhanbad and have done a multitude of projects with cross-domain teams. ,
front end developer with full-stack experience. inclusion, volunteering & championing colleagues. bootcamp, freelance, civil service, consulting, travel & publishing. currently studying visual design with skillcrush (figma, adobe photoshop, illustrator, indesign). , attycronin 
i am a first year student pursuing electrical and electronics engineering  bits pilani goa campus. i am always ready to have new experiences, meet new people and learn new things. i find the idea of creating value for people and impacting the world through my work gratifying.      i am the podcast host of bits cast, a podcast that has been heard over 17000 times by people in 25 countries and learn to code w/ ishan, where i teach people programming languages like python, javascript, etc on audio.      i started a youtube channel back in january 2020 which now has more than 1 lac views and i talk about software development, entrepreneurship, and careers. i have more than a 100 videos uploaded over there.      i also started a podcasting service called pod infinity in july 2020 where we provide podcast mentor ship and production services.       i am currently writing a book called  crush it on linkedin  which summarizes my experience of using linkedin and it will be a guide for college students to find opportunities, build their brand, and grow their business.      also, i am working with multiple businesses to grow their social media platforms and get leads using content. i specialize in creating carousel decks that convert a stranger to a follower, to a customer.   i am very interested in ai and it's amazing to learn about its applications in various fields like  crime detection, predicting diseases like cancer and parkinson's, use of big data to target ads, self driving cars, creation of unique art and music. i am proficient in python.  i enjoy building projects with arduino and have been tinkering with electronics since childhood.      i love video editing and graphic designing and have made more than a 100 videos and carousel decks for linkedin and instagram.      i enjoy challenges that enable me to grow. i like to find application in what is taught to me and use feynman and pomodoro techniques to learn as quickly as possible.       having lived all around the country and meeting a lot of people, i'm able to adapt to any surrounding or circumstance.     check out my podcast   
i'm a web developer with a passion for front end, ux and design.   i build clean code to create functional and intuitive designs with the end user always in mind.  feel free to say hello!
enthusiastic engineer with work experience of around 3 years in the field of software engineering.  i have experience working in javascript(angular, react, nodejs), ruby on rails, db migration to aws, managing aws application infrastructure. additionally, i have an aws solution architect certification. graduated with masters of science in computer systems engineering. i am looking for an opportunity in the field of software engineering where i can apply my acquired knowledge through my professional experience and academic learning and projects, work efficiently and collaboratively to solve creative problems and challenges faced in the corporate environment  skills big data ecosystems  hadoop, mapreduce, hdfs, hbase database  nosql, hbase, mysql, microsoft sql server programming languages  python(pandas, nltk, numpy, matplotlib, seaborn), sql(proficient)
focused computer science major (9.19 cgpa) currently attending chitkara university. aiming to leverage a proven knowledge of programming, web development, and designing skills to successfully fill the role of a developer. i want to work for an encouraging and stable company that will assist me in developing, improving, and obtaining the necessary skills in order to become the best engineer possible. frequently praised as hard-working by my peers, i can be relied upon to help your company achieve its goals. , vsasvipul_06 
front end web developer and graphic designer with 10+ years of experience as a freelancer. positive attitude, creative spirit, and a detail oriented mind.  i   m proficient in html, css, javascript and ux. 
ready for good opportunity , savit interactive , web developer  .full stack javascript developer with experience across a range of industries. i enjoy building accessible, user focused websites and applications that bring good into the world.   a women in tech advocate i am passionate about bringing more diversity into the industry and get involved in mentoring, teaching and campaign work to encourage others and give them a platform. ,
an arizona native who loves to see the world, when i'm not staring at a computer screen.  i've had some really good experiences in a few different industries but i've realized that what really gets me excited is building web applications, lately using react, node and postgresql.  fun, cool, useful web applications.  that and coffee, i do get excited about coffee... ,
recent new grad from university of california, irvine where i obtained my b.s. in computer science with a concentration in information technology. i have a strong interest in web and mobile app development and i enjoy learning new technologies.  
iwebservices , web developer  3+ years of experienced web developer seeks a position in software development mainly with javascript and python to implement exceptional skills , freelance web development 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, jquery, javascript, ajax, ui. 
skills  python, javascript, es6, scss, bootstrap, html, css, react.js, node.js, express.js, mysql, mongodb, git/github , skilled in core php, javascript , mysql , ajax , html ,css, jquery and codeigniter.  experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in react js, react native, php,  codeigniter, html, css, bootstrap, saas,mysql etc. strong engineering professional graduated from rajiv gandhi prodyogiki vishwavidyalaya. 
hi, i am priyanka, a pre-final year student at upes, dehradun, pursuing my bachelors in computer science. i love building web apps using mern(mongodb, express, react and node.js)  stack, and i  am currently diving deep into cloud and devops technologies (aws, docker, kubernetes, circleci ).  
skills      web development with vue.js, angular, node.js, django, python, javascript, php, html, and css     experience with object-oriented languages including c++     database  mysql, postgres, and django models     testing frameworks  cypress, selenium, jest, and python unittest     amazon web services  ec2, rds, and s3     web server configuration  ngnix and apache     experience with websockets and data streams     experience with git version control, github administration, docker containers
i am a dedicated, organized and methodical individual. i have good interpersonal skills, am an excellent team worker and am keen and very willing to learn and develop new skills. i am reliable and dependable and often seek new responsibilities within a wide range of employment areas. i have an active and dynamic approach to work and getting things done. i am determined and decisive. , laith_0921 ,
a young dedicated student who has a keen interest in developing new softwares that may contribute for the betterment of society. looking forward for great opportunities to learn new technologies. 
full stack software engineer with experience in java, ruby on rails, react, redux, javascript, and sql. coding since the age of 14, my love for creating my ideas into a reality led me to pursue software engineering as a career. i double majored in computer science and applied mathematics, earning three scholarships along the way, and used mathematics to strengthen my analytical side and make me a stronger programmer. having pursued art in high school and now as a hobby, i enjoy creative outlets as it opens up a world of endless possibilities. i decided to enter flatiron school   s immersive bootcamp program in order to combine my love of design at the front-end with my extensive knowledge in back-end technologies. i am excited to take my go-getter attitude and diverse skillset, and use it to make a real difference. 
light link solutions , php web developer  .i am a passionate individual determined to work endlessly to achieve my goals. i have a keen interest in computer programming. 
i am a freelance web developer that specialises in website design and development for small businesses in lancashire.  in particular, i help small businesses by creating modern, powerful and effective websites for them. over the past several years of doing this, i have watched businesses succeed through using websites i have designed for them.  one of my very first clients was a company that was just starting out and needed a website to promote their services and products. we worked together to build a site that helped his business to grow and he has now expanded to a much larger company.  i loved the feeling of excitement knowing that i had helped a small, local business to make one of their first sales! this made me realise that website design and development for small businesses was something i would want to specialise in!  i mainly cover areas in lancashire, such as blackburn, preston, burnley, clitheroe, longridge, accrington, blackpool, garstang, etc. but i am open to working with clients further away. 
over the years i haven't found a career path that i felt a real calling for...then i found web development.  developing apps gives me all the things i want in a career. a tech aspect as well as a creative one. i love deep-diving into different aspects of web development, using tech to solve problems and give myself a creative outlet. some of my skills include html, css, sass, js, react, redux, node, express, postgres and a handful of cool libraries. feel free to contact me if you would like to talk more about my talents! 
experienced php web developer with demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skill in php, codeigniter,  jquery, javascript, stripe api, css, html. strong engineering professional with master of computer application (mca) focused in computer scien... 
a technically-sophisticated professional, who has recently completed immersive computer software engineering certification. i have proven ability to write version-controlled code to build responsive websites, as well as develop custom web applications for internal and customer-facing audiences. dedicated to continually learning emerging technologies, programming languages, techniques, and other best practices.  my meticulous approach guaranteed that routine tasks were always completed on time, whilst enabling me the flexibility to respond to any urgent or unforeseen situations that arose. a proactive problem-solver, using excellent judgment and excellent assessment skills to address complex technical issues, embrace challenges with a unique blend of creativity and practicality. connect with me today to find out how i will make your mission my mission, to help bring all of your business objectives into focus!
uc berkeley graduate (class of fall 19) major  computer science & minor  education.  as a huge activist of feminism, education, and equality, i am eager to contribute my skills to build products that can increase accessibility to education. i would love to work in an industry related to socio-technology and/or edtech.
i'm honest ,smart worker and creative person with positive attitude.  hey, thanks for your interest in my profile. i'm an experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology industry. i'm skilled in html5, css3, bootstrap5, jquery, javascript, php, laravel and codeigniter.  i'm open for web development projects. ,
i am a web designer that makes all designs more simple and atttractive. good ux/ui developer. work in visual studio code the best editor for web developers  work with html5, css3, boostrap 4, javascript, javascript library(react js).
priyabratasama phloxblog , web developer  i am always striving to bring 100% to the work that i do,  my goal as a developer is to make strong, reliable and flexible products. i have good hands on algorithms. moreover i am passionate about technology and i would like a job where my experience in program development, supported by innovative decision making and systems engineering abilities, will result in an expanded clientele and a more profitable organization. ,
to obtain a challenging position in a high quality engineering environment where my resourceful experience and academic skills will add value to organizational operations.  i love  learning new things and exploring more .i believe in   man needs his difficulties because they are necessary to enjoy success. -dr. abdul kalam   technological change, technological development, technological achievement, or technological progress is the overall process of invention, innovation and diffusion of technology or processes. ... in short, technological change is based on both better and more technology.  development   lamp  front-end development  html5, css3,  javascript.  back-end development   php , nodejs ,mysql ,mongo db. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in search engine optimization (seo),  php, jquery, and microsoft office. strong engineering professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in it from marwadi education. , iamaks93 
i am a self-motivated energetic girl with high initiatives. i like accepting responsibilities & enjoying the challenges & achieving the best work performances. , wize brains , web developer 
i am a web developer with impressive knowledge in the latest technologies  recent cs graduate from the university of leeds currently working as an analyst in the financial advisory services department of deloitte.  tech stack  react (incl. router and context, hooks), redux, node, express, mongodb, postgresql, html, css, sass (and other css pre-processors), git 
experienced front end engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in javascript, nodejs, and databases. strong education in applied mathematics and a graduate from the flatiron school. , sirlemuel ,
2 years of experience on web & android app development.  * former asst. professor csit durg. * former web & mobile interface developer citizengage solutions pvt. ltd. bangalore. * former project trainee centre for airborne systems (cabs), drdo, bangalore. * developed online leave management system web application for centre for airborne systems    (cabs), drdo, bangalore. * developed secure dynamic carpooling android app for centre for airborne systems (cabs), drdo,     bangalore. * developed residential feedback android app for citizengage sol. pvt. ltd. * presented ieee paper titled 'secure dynamic carpooling android application using novel-multi agent     approach for an organization'. * attended 4 months of java training in java learning center, bangalore. * self-motivated & excellent team player. * excellent presentation, motivational and leadership skills. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, laravel, reactjs, codeigniter, and cakephp. strong engineering professional with a b. tech. focused in computer science and engineering from rayat bahra institute of engg. and nano technology. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in sql, microsoft excel, microsoft word, c++, and linux. strong engineering professional graduated from punjabi university. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in microsoft excel, customer service, microsoft word, php, and sales. strong engineering professional graduated from ptu. 
i am a senior web developer with more than 6 years of experience, i have spent most of my career as a full-stack web developer working in .net core, c#, nservicebus, angular and service-oriented environment.  my hacker rank profile 
my objective is to achieve the goals that i have set, take responsibility for completion of given work, work in team, respect others ,
i love solving problems and  i am really motivated by completing projects. as a front-end developer, and helping back-end developers, i am knowledgeable in both ends. i am looking for javascript/ react/ angular, magento, php/ laravel roles.  i am flexible - if the team is missing a back-end developer, i can cover the role.  at camlock systems ltd, i was given a website renewal project undone by the previous developer.  unusually it was driven by visual basic vba, and it was a multilingual website written in 5 european languages.  regardless of having no experience in vb script, i completed this website with more than 2,000 pages. at fat promotions ltd, there was a shortage of backend developers, and sometimes there were jobs left undone. i took over these jobs and completed them.  as requested i learned parallax and javascript animation, i made a lot of websites using these javascript skills.  at professional insurance agents, there was a job i took over in mobile phone application development. i learned java and objective-c and completed the task.   i am good at seeing customers' styles and what the customer really wants in design. at calculus software solutions, using previous skills, i completed a number of theme designs on magento1 and 2, received great feedback every time. also
looking for job change. , kamod7619 moofth well pvt ltd , web developer .intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed and dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. willing to work as a key player in challenging and creative environment. and to be an interactive part of a team, which will enable me to enhance my skills and to scale new heights through constant work and grow with my organization by the successful implementation of theoretical and practical knowledge, gained from project works.  if there is one thing i know    it's that i don't know everything    but i'm working on that    
i have experience of php and worked more project on core php, codeigniter, laravel . now i am working as web developer at xgenmedia solution.  experience in development and engaging in web & enterprise applications. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in ibm bluemix, php,python (programming language), microsoft word, wordpress, and mysqli. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused in computer science from poornima institute of engineering & technology,jaipur. 
i have more than 2.6 years experience as wordpress developer. i excel at custom wordpress theme and plugin development along with having knowledge in html, css and bootstrap. i can create any type of wordpress website like online stores( e-commerce), businesses informational portal, blogs, portfolio, booking, real estate etc. 
after discovering my passion for web development, i can't get enough.  i'm full-time web/front end developer. my tech stack is  html, css, javascript, responsive web design, react.js, vue, python recently finished react bootcamp with kodiri. learn codcademy and freecodecamp on a daily basis give me awesome fun! i'm very interested in blockchain technologies, eg. ethereum. you can meet me on a few programmers meetups around london.  i'm a member of codecademy london meetup group, kodiri, jsmonthly and flatiron school london coding community  
experienced software engineer with experience in ios app development working in the computer software industry for 4 years. strong engineering professional with a btech focused in computer science and engineering from iit, hyderabad. , microsoft 
effective and skilled leader in software development arena, with over 5 years industrial and system engineering background. i have skills utilizing technologies such as html5, css3, ruby on rails, jquery, mysql relational databases, git/github. experienced in full project life cycle from design to  implementation to integration. 
i am a professional data administrator and a web developer involving with latest data management, web development and technologies. completed masters in information systems in florida international university, miami. i have 6 years of experience in data administration, data analysis, wed designing and developing responsive web pages, and sometimes a whole website.
experienced web developer in development industry. skilled in php, wordpress, shopify ,sql and github. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology (b.tech.) focused in computer science & engineering. ,
i believe that great technology excels when humanity is at the forefront of the mission, because technology begins and ends with people     for the people, by the people. i pride my work on being intuitive, thoughtful, and useful. i aim to implement methods, processes, and modules that simplify current processes that scale for uncomplicated reproduction and reapplication. ,
#webdeveloper #traveller #blogger #storyteller #musiclover #humanitarian #socialist ,  experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in node.js,php, php applications,laravel, codeigniter, webservices, angularjs recruiting,mongodb and mysql. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's of technology focused in computer science from rajasthan technical university. ,
experienced php web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer games industry. skilled in web design, cascading style sheets (css), php, and html. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering (be) focused in computer science from anna university. ,
i started at your story leeds on an apprenticeship scheme in web design. your story allowed me to develop my skill in html5, css3, javascript, react, jquery and php.   these skills then led me to flaunt which allows me to develop my skills further and further me in my career as a web developer. 
i am a wordpress developer. i will do fix your wordpress problem. , wordpress , web developer  ,i have over 3 years of experience working in php web developer. currently, i work as accurate web solution, web developer, improving products, new features and services for our customers by using advanced framework tool, standing up codeigniter mvc tools, creating and maintaining models.  competencies  core php, codeigniter mvc, mysql, ,oracel 10g, wordpress, wix,html5, css3, jquery,  education -  bachelor of computer application - bca from ingra gandhi national open university - ignou new delhi
a web developer,  create more logical code. code like it will be reusable. believe in core programming.  developing web application (backend - frontend) with the help of framework like yii, codeigniter, laravel, angular7. finding a great opportunity. i have developed own framework just for fun, named romik 0.2. it's just mvc frame with admin side. , makavana_romik ,
to work in an environment that is innovative, challenging and where i can utilize my skills to make a significant contribution to the organization, targeting the achievement of the objectives and my professional growth. 
i am a web developer or web designer. i have 3+ years experience in this field. we offer you a chance to grow your own business. we provide all kind of web services. additionally, we offer graphic design services to our clients. keep in touch with us for regular updates. contact us for further details. , kuhipaat communication and technology pvt 
web and mobile developer, i have five years of experience in which i have worked with so many different programming languages and platforms.  you can check my work on my github profile  on this blog, i am writing everything about coding languages, frameworks, devops concepts and much more things like machine learning, artificial intelligence, blockchain, etc. so check out my blog.   my blog is growing rapidly in web, mobile, and machine learning developer communities.  my other hobby is dancing, watch v ut0devp_zpe  i am a very enthusiastic student, learner as well as a teacher. always find the best technique to learn something unique and then pass this knowledge to others.   i am focusing on php frameworks such as laravel and javascript server platform such as node.js and many many languages and frameworks.  objective  my goal is to utilize my experience, problem-solving skills to deliver absolute value and build awesomeness. i am confident that my full expertise can help you create a high quality, successful product within a short time.   technologies i have worked with   programming  php, javascript, python  backend languages and frameworks  laravel, node.js  database  mysql
custom web development  php, codeigniter, laravel, html/xhtml, css, ajax, mobile application  customize cms development wordpress,joomla,magento,shopify  e-commerce development  woocommerce, magento, shopify, prestashop, opencart   - i provide customized features like the ability to edit and modify, add or delete pages, banner ads management, articles, blog, news and other types of content management
experience in web technologies like php, javascript, jquery, bootstrap,html,css and ajax. angular, angulerjs,nodejs and mongodb.   my portfolio includes few websites like 1.english house 2.gk exams & 3. jodhpur cab service.  currently working on a project called hospitel management system which uses php & java script. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in cascading style sheets (css), java, php applications, embedded systems, and html. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in computer science from st.michael matriculation higher secondary school. 
i am a web developer who likes to put your design ideas on the browser and convert your business logic into code. if i am not reading about javascript then writing is something i like to do. technologies i have worked on  front-end - html5, css3, javascript, typescript, jquery, bootstrap, saas, angular, ionic back-end - node.js, express.js, mongodb, serverless, aws lambda i am a quick learner and also eager to learn new technologies. 
hi dears   i am full stack developer having experience of ios application development,android application development and website development. i have more than 7 year experiences in this field and i have developed more than 125 mobile applications and 15 websites are live. i enjoyed with my work and i would like to work with world wide client and get knowledge from them and learn about new ideas  please review my upwork 
freelance web developer based in blackpool, uk. i bring your awesome ideas to life. got an awesome idea  lets connect, i'd love to hear how i could help.
full-stack software developer, writer, and communications specialist based in chicago.  i'm a software developer with a diverse background in languages, research and teaching. throughout my career, i have synthesized information in clear, intuitive, and accessible formats. only now, i do it in ruby, rails and javascript.  i obtained my b.a. in english literature from the university of michigan, and then went abroad to teach english as a second language - first at an ngo in cambodia, then with business clients at major international firms in argentina and south korea.  next, i obtained an mfa, conducting intensive study and research as part of my multidisciplinary degree program. after graduation,   i worked as a communications specialist before bringing my research and writing skills into the legal field.  my most recent job at an immigration law firm included highly complex work in research, legal writing, and in-depth client case reports on an intensive production schedule. inspired by the case management systems i had seen at my previous law firm, i started looking for ways to build efficiency into our process. i developed a set of templates for petitions and supporting materials as well as a detailed set of informational materials for clients to assist in the petition-building process. moving from these templating and process-management projects to coding was a natural transition - i wanted to work on these same concerns at a higher level.  so now i'm a coder. i'm fascinated by the ways that programming can be used to create intuitive interfaces, and i'm excited to use my communications expertise as a developer. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, wordpress, articulate storyline, jquery, and microsoft office. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering (be) focused in electronics and communications engineering from meenakshi college of engineering. 
ability to create innovative, creative, & interactive web designs to boost customer engagement. sound knowledge in html, css, javascript, jquery & sql. build reusable code for future use while optimizing web performance with a bachelor   s degree in electronics & communication engineering from bengal institute technology, kolkata , susobhan_seal ,
i am an expert app developer specialized in web design and mobile development. with more than 3+ years of professional experience in the software development company. now i am very experienced with various categories and aspects of web & mobile development.  besides development of your solution, i am able to perform high-quality security review of your project and consulting on how to achieve your goals and avoid typical mistakes when the job is started. additionally, i also perform web and mobile projects of any complexity using android, ios, php, wordpress, node.js, react js, angular js and html5 & css.           mobile expertise         - social networking(facebook, twitter, google+...)  - photo/video editing/sharing  - cloud back end service  - gps location tracking  - live streaming  - third-party framework/sdk integration  - ads integration - local/push notifications  - google map apis  - utility app programming  - cocos2d, cocos2d-x game development  - restful api integrating and back end service building  - sqlite database management  - afnetworking i will provide robust technical solutions.  - ios/ android native app development.  - cordova/phonegap hybrid app development.  - web back-end development using codeigniter, node.js, laravel         web development             front-end  html/css/jquery/angularjs/reactjs      back-end  php (wordpress/laravel/codeigniter), node.js     database  mysql, mongodb     custom website development     crypto wallet development     smart contract development     responsive/twitter bootstrap     seo friendly development     psd to wordpress/html     e-commerce|crm|erp development     maintanance & support             industries           social networking apps | education  schools, colleges
a front end web developer  .experienced in various plant tissue culture projects which include new growing technology also demonstrated history of working in the services industry. skilled in css, web design, html, jquery. emerging with the newest technology like ai. building a career in entrepreneurship. efficiently handle business models in it services.
career objective i look forward to a career, which would help me hone my creative, and problem solving skills and to work in a competitive and challenging environment that would provide me with new learning and growth opportunities.strengths  - good communication skills i am honest, punctual and hardworking with my work appropriate decision making under difficult circumstances. strong leadership and communication skills, both written and verbal, with good presentation skills. team player having good leadership qualities with good management skills. fast learner, self-motivated, persistent and have attention to detail.  specialties  basic,  c,  c + +,  css,  database administration,  english,  hindi,  html,  javascript,  languages
i   m a seasoned internet business professional with over 30 years of technology and applied business experience.  the key to my success and what makes me a valuable member of any technology team is my ability to combine my technical skills with my business acumen to consistently create measurable results.    from large corporations to small start-ups, my goal is always the same    to thoroughly understand my customers    needs, and deliver impeccable quality and service,.. on time and on budget.  i am comfortable engaging c-level executives, department managers, and software engineers, alike.  i specialize in rapidly discerning business needs and applying the most effective technology strategies and tools to accomplish measurable objectives. my primary focus is ecommerce, combining excellent technology with strong marketing principles.  my technology toolbox is wide and deep. along with react, angular, vue expertise, i am highly accomplished in html5, css3, php, mysql, javascript, jquery, and more. in addition, i put a strong emphasis on clean quality code
involved in device friendly (mobile friendly) responsive web designing and development using wordpress, html5, css3, bootstrap, javascript, jquery, jquerymobile, ajax, angularjs etc.    - developed internal company web applications in php. designed imaginative and colorful websites.   - involved in database design and writing queries for many modules.         - developing wordpress (cms) websites.   - managed and developed projects independently from start to finish.   - involved in the testing and bug fixing.   - work closely with project managers and other members of the development team to both develop detailed specification of the client.        - designing and developing mobile websites using jquerymobile.         - search engine optimization (meta data and keywords management).  - customization of team foundation server (tfs)  - customized team foundation server templates and work item types as per requirement. - maintaining process templates on tfs server.  - query management.  - hands-on experience on robotic process automation (rpa) using blueprism.   - developed many objects and processes.   - created and managed workflows , naveenveligeti ,
i   m a web developer working with lamp stack with drupal, javascript html/css currently working more with decoupled react apps. i have recently completed a react/javascript evening boot camp and now i   m predominantly working with react + drupal stack.  last year i completed a postgraduate course in web design and development at birkbeck university which covers front-end development and design (javascript, html, css).  during uni i worked on a project which won code first  girls web development camp at birkbeck 2018/19 edition and i also completed an ios swift programming boot camp with women who code in 2018, however, currently i don't use swift.   i participate in industry events, conferences and meetups on a weekly basis and have helped to organise topical events and meetups in the past. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the web development industry. strong  professional skilled in php wordpress,  shopify, laravel, public speaking, and web development. wireframe/layout a website or web application write html and css from scratch take a psd and turn it into a working website add interactivity to a website with javascript (or jquery) write a basic application in an object-oriented programming language like  php work comfortably with a version control system like git manage a domain   s dns settings deploy a website to a website host 
i aspire to iearn and develop in my career and achieve personal and professionalgoals by collaborating with resourceful teams and utilizing the platform to the maximum 
website design & development.   at doops designs our aim is to give the customer what they want for as little cost to the customer as possible. most presume with the company being a web developing business, that you are limited to just getting a website created. but, in fact you can get a range of products displayed below.  a lot of new businesses do not have all the required aspects of a business. we are able to offer packages to ensure you leave with everything you need to have a fully functioning business. without it appearing to look like we are adding on new expenses all the time, it will be one lump sum  then your monthly maintenance and web host charge.  lots of new businesses have not yet created a logo, that can be done for you by us. we can discuss the design and content of it before it is created so we do not need to recreate it multiple times, hopefully we can get it correct on the first go. ,
4 years experience full stack developer.  experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in vue.js, node.js, react js, git flow, ssr, mongodb, jquery, and next.js. strong engineering professional graduated from rajalakshmi engineering collage ,kancheepuram. 
twenty one years of experience with software development over full stack web and windows style development. , moellerjeffreye wells fargo 
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, web design, html, ajax, and cascading style sheets (css). strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in computer science from n.d.m.v.p.samajs b.c.a.college under science faculty, udoji maratha boarding campus, nashik. 
i have been working as a full-stack web developer for the past  3.6 years.  an opportunist and smart worker with experience in the design and development of websites and web applications. with the aim of making technology that works for people and built around them,   designed - developed - tested and promoted many websites . desire to learn, grow and expand, to become the best web architect globally possible. seek new challenges that will stretch the skills to new levels, and enjoy learning new ways to approach and solve issues. desire to be in a team that will challenge me to grow and expand my skills. ,
i've been a web designer for the last two years. i specialize in creating beautiful, usable, professional websites using best accessibility and the latest web standards, resulting in semantic and seo friendly html and css.  for building websites my weapons of choice are photoshop and illustrator for creating layouts, then code to produce clean semantic html and css. i also use flash for animations.  i have successfully been a web designer now. it has given me even more love for this work. i have worked with ecommerce website makers, template makers, web developers, internet providers. ,
hello shriya here, professional mehandi artist and having 2+ years of experience in , wordpress, laravel, and codeigniter and api integration provided by google(sign in, maps, contacts), linkedin(sign in), facebook(sign in, contact), outlook(sign in contacts), export-import contacts functionality with excel, etc. i love to maintain documentation of every single task done by me and maintain a unit test case for every single step in the module by myself to avoid complications in work-life and personal life. i personally believe that the maintenance of documents and unit testing makes developer life very smooth and productive. ,
web developer to be responsible for the coding, innovative design and layout of website. web developer responsibilities include building our website from concept all the way to completion from the bottom up, fashioning everything from the home page to site layout and function.  specialization  magento, wordpress, laravel, ecommerce, mobile app development. 
i am pursuing btech 3rd year from mit adt university pune in information technology. a self-motivated web developer with good of experience working on multiple projects. passionate and hardworking with penchant for meeting deadlines. interested in exploring things and learning many new things and also in role with company promoting best practices and offering diverse customer projects. 
want to succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me job satisfaction and self development and help me achieve personal as well as organization goals. ,
over 3 years of web development experience - both front end and back end web developer with wide skill set - front end developer with wide skill set - proven seo (search engine optimization) expertise - project management and supervisory experience - creative online business strategist - excellence communication skills - creative, flexible, responsible and hard-working with a strong customer focus. 
experienced web consultant  with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, wordpress, responsive web design, codeigniter, and cascading style sheets (css). 
i'm a graphic designer specializing in web design. after traveling the country as a nomadic freelancer, i moved back to my hometown to take part in the revitalization of evansville. i'm involved in local groups such as newburgh arts commission, lady business, and evansville lettering club. i enjoy vacationing in the desert, floating in lakes, and hiking. 
goal-oriented senior web developer with a track record of continuous and expansive growth, developing reusable architecture and best practices for large scale applications with both internal teams and external agencies to best suit the goals, needs, and scope of work completed. a team leader with the experience and understanding needed to meet goals as well as provide necessary roi consistently. with over a decade of long-term consulting comes a rooted ability to define, develop, and execute consistently in a digital landscape of constantly evolving technology and architecture to pixel-perfect precision with best practices and agile construction at the forefront of works completed. 
we are an all in one it services provider in this region. a team of 20+ skilled & certified professional developers, designers, video editors, 3d modellers & animators, project managers and quality assurance individuals.  our team is dedicated in providing the work to our clients, meeting the highest quality standards, client specifications & timely delivery of services.  we have many years experience in building out small, medium to large websites & mobile apps with a heavy database backend. whether it is creating an app from scratch or picking up from where a previous developer had left off, i can work with you to produce a solution that simply works on all levels.   please get in touch for design & development within following categories mainly   corporate / business website  ecommerce website  financial website  social networking website  blog design & development  travel portal & community portal  real estate & property listing  website | mobile app design & development  magento & magento 2 expert developer  angularjs & reactjs expert programmer 
currently working as a junior developer.   in the process of learning php, reactjs & css/sass. ,
originally from st. maarten in the netherlands antilles, i am an experienced php, wordpress, and drupal developer, proficient in  combining responsive mobile friendly web design, database development, graphics design, search optimization, custom programming (using php/mysql, ajax, css, javascript, mod rewrite, jquery, dhtml, pdo, mysqli
i am a crm, site construction and email template specialist with over 5 years of experience in creating premium site presences for over 300 clients and counting.   i specialised in wordpress and have created sites across multiple industries including   - plumbing - beauty salon - dental - church - and many more!  i provide premium services with minimal turn around time at an affordable price to suit your small business or personal budgets. 
i grew up on a ranch in paradise valley, montana near chico hot springs. working on the ranch instilled work ethic and self motivation in me. filled with this drive, i started mowing the local school's yards twice a month throughout the summers, at the age of 12.   in 2004 i moved to billings, montana, where i have been deeply involved in the local business community ever since. a serial entrepreneur, i've run multiple businesses in our local community. the first business, a janitorial and carpet cleaning company, founded in 2005, has employed over 50 locals.   moving on to the media industry, several partners and i founded green directory montana in the spring of 2007. green directory's sustainability ranking software awarded points based on sustainable or  green  actions. these points counted towards a business's total  green score,  which in turn ranked them against other businesses in their category and throughout the entire site. it also featured a limited edition print version distributed annually.   a business acquisition allowed me to focus on new projects, and a few close business colleagues and i started rocky mountain mr. & ms. magazine, a lifestyle publication for men and women in the magic city.   after a year and a half at the helm of rm3 magazine, the business was purchased. i now run a web development company skypoint studios.  recently, skypoint studios has expanded to locations in havasu, arizona & vegas. skypoint studios is a market leader in both billings & havasu and i'm working on building that same level of market dominance in vegas.  specialties  extensive experience in online and offline business. especially savvy at wordpress, and operate several sites
web tech beast web design company in kallakurichi .i'm a people person. i really enjoy meeting and working with a lot of different people, and am known for being a great listener and clear communicator, whether i   m engaging with colleagues or employers.i'm the kind of person who knows how to execute difficult tasks with precision. i pay attention to all the details of a project. i make sure that every task is just right, but is also completed in a timely manner. ,
extremely curious mind, it's exhausting. , eystudios ,i   m a full stack web developer with graphic design background. lifelong learner and a problem solver always enthusiastic to work with creative people to learn from each other and solve bigger problems together as a team. constantly motivated in developing my skills and growing professionally.  over the years, i have designed and developed websites that not only look good but at the same time perform great too. i focus on creating contemporary designs taking into account the latest trends and technologies that help your business thrive online. i immensely focus on clean coding that is seo friendly so that your website can crawl up the index of major search engines easily to get found by your targeted visitors. i build responsive websites, i.e. the websites are device independent and can function equally and perfectly on mobile phones, tablets as well as desktops.  15+ years of industry experience and over 1300 clients served in providing bespoke website design and php web applications development. area of expertise include responsive website design, wordpress website development, ecommerce website development, opensource customization and integration.  technical skills include   1. web design  website design, logo design, print media design, flash design, template design, facebook fan page design, twitter background design.  2. web development  php/mysql, html5, css3, javascript/jquery. opensource integration and customization using wordpress, magento, joomla
javascript developer currently seeking new opportunities. , luckie , frontend web developer ,resume , whitneypageg charter communications , web developer 
skilled in core java, html, css, javascript and management. good with html, css and scss. solid knowledge and good working experience with jquery, javascript and php. extensive experience with drupal and wordpress. good experience with expressionengine and codeigniter. version control (git or svn), but obviously prefer git. very comfortable with the terminal. decent knowledge of mvc though it   s predominately codeigniter. working experience with responsive design and foundation (by zurb an alternative to twitter bootstrap). working understanding of oop concept in both php and javascript. working experience with agile development such as scrum. 
experienced project manager with a demonstrated history of working in the e-learning industry. skilled in management, javascript, react, responsive web design, leadership, and marketing. strong program and project management professional. 
as a ui/web developer, with 4years of professional work experience, dedicated to create usable, professional websites and applications using best practices. experiencing in  html5, css3, javascript, jquery, angularjs, bootstrap, wordpress. i am passionate to learn new things in technologies.looking forward to face chalenging jobs ,
i am an award-winning web developer more than 2 years of well-rounded experience. my professional skills are html, css, web designing, web development, seo (off-page and on-page both), photoshop, and i am working with freelancing projects also.and i m working with freelance projects. 
developer able to build a sophisticated user friendly website with a full database from the ground up. adept at working with diverse teams to implement projects. a quick study on new technologies. seeking a full time entry level position in front-end or back-end web development near the cleveland or akron, ohio areas. 
, june 15 , experienced webmaster / web designer/ web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the staffing and recruiting industry. skilled in php, mysql, html5, css3, scss, webpack, gulp, bower, wordpress, joomla, cms, e-commerce, woocommerce, mvc, merise, responsive web, adobe photoshop
a computer science major constantly looking for ways to learn and improve herself.appsolution is a leading offshore software development company providing customized application development, system integration, product implementation and consulting services. also provides software design services , database designing, re-engineering maintenance, graphic designing, quality assurance and product testing, technical & content writing.technical expertise microsoft technologies and open source. expertise in website / desktop applications relating to e-commerce website, health care,real estate, social networking,sports portal, auctions , facebook
i am driven by the endless possibilities of bringing to life unique and captivating websites that are easy to navigate through. i enjoy working in high stress situations and tend to look at things from a logical point of view.   through coding, i have been able to merge my passion for art with my love of puzzles and problem solving, tinkering with parts until they fit seamlessly together. being able to blend back-end logic with front-end design allows me to exercise and expand both my creative and analytical mind, working together to create impactful websites that provide the best experience for the user.   i am eager to be part of, and contribute to, a team environment that promotes alternative and innovative thinking, explores and experiments with new technologies, encourages growth, and believes in work being fun. 
experienced web developer in developing industry grade applications and websites with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry.  i am full of life person and always love what i do. i respect technology and innovations. believe in hard work along with smart-work. , diptibhardwaj1 ,
as a graduate of devmountain's immersive web development program, i've learned how to use an extensive list of development technologies and libraries, as well as the skills necessary to continue learning the many others available. my background in theatre design and stage management gave me the opportunity to develop a creative voice professionally, produce high quality work under difficult time constraints, and experience multitasking and managing personnel. ,
i recently completed an accelerated web development program, coding 12+ hours/day. even with the long hours i always found myself looking for more time to code. i am most proud of developing brewsource which provided me with the opportunity to strengthen my skills in react, php, mysql and bootstrap. my accelerated full-stack development program taught me to be confident in making mistakes, learning how to learn, and working to become a better me.
computer science under graduate student, with an interest in problem solving and focused in learning new technologies. seeking for an internship from leading organization where my skills and experience can be leveraged.  microsoft student partner  resume   
i graduated engineering science in 2015 from oxford university. i have specialized in control systems, machine learning and computer vision.  i am highly motivated and work well in teams. i have developed strong numerical skills over the years as well as enhancing my interpersonal and time management abilities. i have a genuine interest in cutting-edge technologies and i would like to put into practice the theoretical knowledge i have gained during my 4 years at university and enhance my knowledge in this field. , sensat 
full-stack skills (partial)...   -- web development (.net via asp/c# ...or... lamp via php/mysql)  --windows software (applications & drivers) development (c#, c++, c)  -- front-end web development (javascript/css3/dom/html/flash (actionscript))  -- back-end database creation/development (microsoft sql/mysql)  -- server management/deployment (microsoft sql server/apache on linux)  -- pci compliance experience  -- penetration tester/exploitation of  servers, applications, protocols, sql injection, encrypted networks, dom (browser page) insecurity upon certain browser settings, buffer overflows, application/port-specific exploits, exploit scanners, hardware/building security, cross-site scripting (xss)/javascript injection vulnerabilities, flash manipulation and decompilation, sensitive data handling/storage analysis, distributed denial of service (ddos)  -- server load testing, planning and preparation  -- coding applications, configuring servers/databases
a fullstack web developer, love to create web applications, enthusiasts in problem-solving. skilled in javascript,react.js,nodejs mongodb. strong engineering professional with a btech - bachelor of technology focused on computer science and engineering from surendra institute of engineering and management.
i   m web developer and am working on creating successful advanced projects. my areas of expertise, include php, codeignitor, mysqli, javascript, ajax, html, and css. i make the high-quality websites using php, ajax. i have a strong client focus and take a process approach to design and development of content managed web sites, with a view to continuously improve quality. , pankajchoyal1 
demonstrated ability to get things done and keep a great attitude while doing it. i have developed a love for creating applications in ruby on rails and javascript with react. i am making a huge career switch where i can leverage my experience in communication, user experience and coding. i am excited for what the future holds and i am excited to share it with you.
a recent graduate(2019) with a b.tech degree in computer science and engineering from dr. apj abdhul kalam kerala technological university, an experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in python (programming language), php,file conversions(json , xls , csv) , responsive web design, and familiarized with python machine learning libraries. to explore the best of me for whichever job i pursue. keen in learning new things coming challenges.  i completed m.c.a from shrimad rajchandra institute of management & computer application under uka tarsadia university, bardoli.in june,2017 
i love building new things-starting from a blank whiteboard or early-stage prototype and transforming it into something which people truly value. professionally i've done this in my first project and personally i am a explorer. , infoblox , web developer 
accomplished freelance web developer and associate degree graduate in computer science specializing in client/server relations with over 15 years of experience performing architectural design, implementation, and testing of enterprise-level systems. utilizing leading edge technologies as well as proven and tested methodologies enables me to maximize efficiency and output while maintaining a high standard of quality. currently, i am employed as lead programmer for a web development and marketing agency where i am responsible for maintaining client relations, managing a team of content writers and other developers, in addition to writing code. i am proficient in languages such as php, c#, and vbscript, javascript, jquery, angularjs, node.js, and have a firm grasp on current html, css standards. i write custom plugins for wordpress, create custom e-commerce flows, and enhance the presentation of dynamic content, in order to consistently exceed set client goals, ensure the highest level of service, and advance organizational objectives.  thank you. have a great day   ) 
skilled in javascript (react, vue, backbone, jquery), css (less & sass), php, freemarker. currently creating websites and working on building my software skills. aiming to join a team as a developer in the fall of 2019. as a developer at devmountain, i'm mastering my skills in front-end, back-end, and full-stack development using html 5, css 3, nodejs, reactjs, databases, and javascript. check out my progress on github! before switching into development, i gained many skills while working in san francisco at the ninth circuit court of appeals on a team that organized large scale projects for the judges and lawyers from the west coast.  previously wore multiple hats working for companies in utah in the hospitality and tourism industry. i was fortunate enough to work closely with some of the greatest athletes in the world and learned a lot about perseverance and teamwork.  specialties  customer service, public speaking, teamwork, web development, data structures, algorithms, object-oriented programming, front-end development, back-end development, java
web developer | flutter mobile developer. website - . tinkerer, and designer with a passion for clean modern code. my drive for creating and building enables me to learn and grow daily. when i am not building websites or ensuring my clients expectations are exceeded, i   m reading source code and working on passion projects.  my daily work includes doing website edits for maintenance clients, working on new projects with the team, qa   ing other developers work amongst various other tasks. i manage projects, and have quarterly strategy meetings with our clients to make sure they hit their financial goals with their businesses. i pride myself in building close relationships with our clients to better understand their needs and what is and isn   t working for them.   i know more today than i did yesterday, and i   m excited for tomorrow. if you check out my portfolio progressive web app below please make sure to clear your cache or view in a private browser, it is updated very often. also keep an eye out for some well hidden easter eggs. (6 total)  // more info about my portfolio   my portfolio is built from the ground up using javascript, css3, and html5. i decided to develop without the use of frameworks or a cms like wordpress to show that i can create a fully responsive website without having a cms do all of the heavy lifting for me. a solid understanding of how things work is a must for a developer.   my portfolio is a progressive web app (pwa) this means that you can download it onto your device, and it will work when there is no internet available as well as some other cool stuff under the hood. this site is hosted on github pages, meaning i have no access to the .htaccess file. this limitation made optimizing my site a creative task. i was still able to achieve straight 100   s on my lighthouse audit. i treat my portfolio like a playground, if i have a ridiculous idea in the middle of the night i   ll pop out of bed and code it into my site. 
i am a recent graduate from new york university. i have experience working in full-stack web development roles and in data analytics through coursework and projects.  i am currently looking for full-time roles starting july 2020 and open to relocation all over the country.   i like to program as a hobby, and as a result, a lot of my skills are self-taught. i have developed personal web development projects and data analytics projects which can be viewed on github.com/voltamperewatt. i have also been participating in the #makeovermonday visualization challenge.   web development skills   django, python, javascript, react, html, css, bootstrap, express.js, node.js, gatsby, create-react-app, mern stack  data skills   python
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in english, java, german, and hindi. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in computer science from truba college of science & technology, karond - gandhi nagar, bypass road, bhopal. , cutilixiusankur ,
detailed-oriented, responsible and committed engineer, with a get-it-done, on-time and high-quality product spirit, and more than 5 years of experience defining requirements, designing, implementing, testing and delivering complex back-end and web applications using various programming languages and technologies. technical proficiencies include  php ,ci,magento,javascript,jquery,html ,bootstrap,css ,ajax,mysql.. 
helping businesses to grow online. a well rounded individual capable of adapting and improvising in order to meet the objectives of any task in any industry. a fast study with  exceptional cognitive ability  as informed after completing the raf aptitude test, passing all included tests by a large margin with multiple external factors in play. , officialmitchc ,
experienced social media specialist skilled in social media, object-oriented programming (oop), social media outreach, social media education, and social media advertising. strong marketing professional with a bachelor of science focused in computer science from sri guru gobind singh college, sector-26. ,
i have been a hobbyist developer since 2017, constantly learning through various online platforms such as brilliant.org and freecodecamp.com. in 2018 i decided to turn my hobby into a professional skill set through lambda school, a full-time program teaching web development and computer science.  during my seven months at this school, i participated in agile team projects, transitioning between various topics and technologies with every weekly sprint. our core tech stack was mongodb, express, react, and node. i am now working for vode lighting under contract through kavaliro. working here has allowed me to experience enterprise-level java development, building out features for our web app that is used throughout the company. my tech stack at vode is primarily comprised of java, javascript, vue, and mysql. 
i am a developer with a passion for programming.  i love seeing my ideas and the code combine to take shape on the screen.  looking to improve my skills each day and practically apply them in the work place. 
i am a front end developer with industry experience building websites and web applications. i specialise in angular and have professional experience working with web technology and javascript 
i have more than one years of hands-on experience efficiently coding websites and applications using modern html, css, and javascript etc.  building state-of-the-art, easy to use, user-friendly websites and applications is truly a passion of mine and i am confident i would be an excellent addition to your organization. in addition to my knowledge base, i actively seek out new technologies and stay up-to-date on industry trends and advancements. this has allowed me to stay ahead of the curve and deliver exceptional work to all of my employers, including those i've worked for on a project basis. i   ve attached a copy of my resume detailing my experience, along with links to websites and applications i   ve had the honor of working on. ,
i am currently pursuing my bachelor of technology in computer science from jiet college of engineering, jodhpur. i am passionate about learning new things and especially when it comes to technology. i have a positive attitude towards life and handle every situation with patience. i am a keen learner and a smart worker. i always have a positive approach to all my work.   enthusiast coder    passionate learner    1000011100  is a big part of my life   idea hamster & creative   adhesive & focused toward my work 
lways eager to learn and get my hands on new technologies. open source enthusiast. currently into php development.  web developer currently associated with sweans technologies inc. i transform creative ideas into engaging virtual space by building functional, user-friendly, seo optimized and browser compatible websites. , 
over 4.5 years of experience in building applications using php and frontend technologies.      strong hands-on experience in developing applications using the lamp stack and php      frameworks laravel and codeigniter.      hands-on experience with major frontend development frameworks  like angular.js,      typescript, jquery, bootstrap, foundation, and backbone.js.      experience of agile (xtreme programming, scrum), waterfall and other software processes and standards. ,
 alented web developer having good logical skills. a quick learner and can adapt to any programming language within a short span of time. the objective of my professional life - seeking a challenging and rewarding opportunity with an organization of repute that recognizes my true potential and effectively utilizes/ nurtures my excellent analytical and technical skills 
web developer  -to pursure a challenging career and be part of a progressive organisation that give scope of enhance my knowledge and skills with sheer determination,dedication,and hard work.  -my future goal is to be at a respectable position where my presence is appreciated. 
an aspiring web developer with fundamental practical knowledge in full stack web development technologies such as angular and c#, whilst extensively using agile and kanban environments. a highly driven individual who enjoys sharing and reviewing ideas to improve the quality of work.  a committed team player with exceptional communication skills, i effectively build relationships with clients and colleagues to implement high quality solutions. as a self-motivator, i take responsibility in learning new technologies and use my personal hobbies as inspiration to build angular web applications in my spare time. ,
a mobility professional capable of managing technology projects from concepts to completion with remarkable deadline sensitivity.  proficient in developing wordpress plugins, mobile applications, wordpress websites etc. 
motivated it professional with servicenow consultant/implementor administrator training and knowledge in web developing, who is highly motivated, focused and organized with a strong technical skill set. experienced in network security with the ability to plan, coordinate, and implement network security measures.   comptia a +, comptia network +, comptia security +,  linux + certified.   knowledgeable in network security with the ability to plan, coordinate, and implement network security measures.  highly motivated, focused, reliable and organized worker with a strong technical skill-set, attention to detail, and experience in coding websites and application development . 
php developer with 2+ year experience.  -skilled in php, mysql, javascript, jquery, angular 7, angular js, html5, css3 etc. -hands on experience in cms, ecommerce, web applications, dynamic websites and saas cloud product. -worked with both product based and startup companies. 
i am a web developer with industry experience building websites and web applications. i specialize in javascript and have freelancing experience working with react.js. i also have experience working with php and react.js. i am looking for opportunities to showcase my knowledge and skills. i have good knowledge in web development. 
my positive attitude, dedication and time management have enabled me to grow in every aspect of my working life. previously, i worked for a startup, in a fast-paced environment, which allowed me to adapt quickly under pressure in different situations.   the influence of technology on our modern world has always fascinated me and i enjoy solving problems creatively. as a result, i wanted to seek a new challenge and develop new skills. this led me to do an immersive software engineering course at general assembly, whereby i developed skills in javascript, react, express, node.js and python. i am now looking to progress my career in the tech industry, whereby i can further my skills,  challenge myself and thrive as a junior web developer. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. mostly i have worked on front-end web development and i enjoy creating things that live on the internet, whether that be websites, applications, or anything in between. my goal is to always build products that provide pixel-perfect, performant experiences. 
an initiative-taking test automation engineer/front-end web developer based in orlando, fl. experienced in designing and implementing automated solutions. extreme passion for learning and applying newly learned concepts to real-world examples. 
i am php web developer working since 6+ years now. i started working with easy setups like installing and setting up themes, but over the years i have used my time and my determination to learn to reach to a stage where now i can make almost any site in laravel, wordpress, shopify & core php. also having knowledge of aws  mvc structured framework sites (like laravel, yi, codeigniter, cakephp) mobile api in laravel framework , core php wordpress customization worked on plugin like   buddypress, optimizepress theme forest theme manage (already manage avada, bridge strongly) wordpress template integrate or customize wordpress plugin customize or creation shopify theme customization shopify app customization create shopify store and categories products core php (like crawling sites using curl)  i can take up any laravel, wordpress, shopify work and deliver up to your satisfaction. , amanjaswalia 
full-stack and un-opinionated. i like to mix it up lately using lamp, mean and touch of python and java to spice it up. throw on angular 2, react and jquery for garnish! it's not about the technology you use, it's about finding the right solution for every problem. 
i developed  a small java game just like snake game i got cleared 1st round of codevita 2016 
i am a web developer and the owner of motta industries, a san francisco bay area web design company.  i've produced a wide range of branding websites and web applications.  i am proficient in cms customization (joomla, wordpress, drupal), css, html5, php and e-commerce.  my technical expertise   web design -- visual layout, graphical user interface, navigational design, banner ads and email campaigns.  front-end web development -- joomla, wordpress, html / xhtml, css, javascript, flash, seo / ses  software -- dreamweaver, photoshop, flash
experienced php & node.js developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in microsoft excel, node.js,express,php, e-commerce, c++, and paypal integration. strong engineering professional with a diploma focused in diploma from govt. polytechnic college mandsaur. 
if you do what you love, you'll never work a day in your life. in this truth, i realize that i haven't truly worked since my first job out of high school.   my evolution both within the corporate sphere and as a person has prepared me to be one of the best in the world in what i do, and that is digital consulting.   everything from playing competitive basketball, achieving my black belt in tae kwon do and my years spent as a programmer and full-stack developer to fulfilling many projects as a social media and seo lead - i have developed the skills necessary to perform at the highest level in whatever i set my mind to do.  by delivering a combination of quality strategies, implementing frameworks and productivity increasing workflows for teams, i have created multiple successful campaigns that have seen companies exceed their goals by over 800%!  to produce these results i am constantly sharpening my sword, working with and learning from some of the best gurus from around the world covering everything from programming to social media advertising, to linkedin outreach. they continue to teach me, coach me, mentor me, and encourage me. i believe in constant growth and mastery within myself and my businesses. , devingrayllc ,
a professional and motivated developer with a passion for web development. also experienced in email development, design for digital and print media, and web project management. an enthusiastic learner, keen on personal growth, and determined to succeed.  proven record of working on own initiative as well as in teams, managing projects using various methods and most recently using agile methodologies. experienced working in a variety of environments with a multitude of organisations, from small businesses and charities to global corporations.  skills       tech and stacks  lamp stack. jamstack. html5. css3. javascript. bootstrap. sass. bem. material ui. jquery. react.js. gatsby. graphql. restful apis. php. mysql. laravel. wordpress. node.js. express. mongodb.     tools and processes  git. github. gitlab. command line. ssh. wsl. visual studio code. sublime text. xampp. laragon. plesk. cpanel. postman. unit testing. ci/cd (continuous integration, continuous delivery).     project management  agile development using the scaled agile framework (safe). program increments, scrum, kanban, sprints, retrospectives, reviews, and demos.     email dev  responsive and dynamic html email development. ampscript. ssjs (server-side javascript).      software  salesforce marketing cloud (exacttarget). mailchimp. jira. wrike. trello. confluence. sharepoint. adobe creative cloud (photoshop, dreamweaver, illustrator, lightroom). adobe marketing cloud (omniture).     understanding and experience in related areas  cross browser compatibility. w3c standards compliance. domain and hosting management. workflow through development
i am a passionate developer and coding bootcamp graduate who is constantly learning new technologies and frameworks. i am seeking opportunities to be fully immersed in the tech industry. i highly prioritize opportunities that help me grow and become a better programmer so as to utilize my skills to benefit my team.  during my off-hours, i spend time learning various technologies by coding my own personal projects, which range from wireframing and front-end design to back-end logic and functionality. i'm currently building a mean stack/angular material ui task productivity web application, and i'm teaching myself c# development to build a c# back-end/angular front-end application that allows users to better keep track of their progress in the job hunt. 
experienced mentor with a demonstrated history of working in the e-learning industry. skilled in php, html, bootstrap, css, javascript, and mysqli. strong professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused in electronics and communication engineering from indian institute of information technology bhagalpur. ,
i am a web developer , i develop websites using different types of languages such as core php, php with framework , asp.net , c# , java & i have also knowledge about digital marketing & seo. ,
 since 2016 i've started my job career. as a fresher i have joined elcamino software pvt ltd gurgaon as a admin moderator for zoosk.com(american no1 dating website) and gain lot of knowledge how actually website backend works and undestand term of policy website which was similar to youtube policy. after left this job with 14000rs/m salary i moved to chandigarh and joined adfliar media solution and worked as a seo executive for 6000rs/m. there i learned about digital marketing and ranked lots of website but till now i was not satisfied with my work i decided i will work in programming field i left the job very hardly and once again started search a job for php and luckily i got job as a internternship(3000rs/m) within a weak. now i dont have any mood to change this field because i am enjoying this job. since 2018 i've started my pure journey with php & i've developed a number of websites including ecommerce & membership website. now i've shifted my focus only to api (development & programming). and have gained a lot of experiences of working with amazone s3 api, ebay api, infusionsoft api, dropbox api, facebook api (fql), aweber api, twitter api and various google's api. 
i remember the excitement i felt as a kid hearing the dial-tone followed by those weird, screeching sounds, and then, suddenly, i was connected to a library half-way across the world... although it wasn't always so  sudden .  technology has changed our world in more ways than we know.  i love being apart of that!  in college, i used technology to compose and produce music.  from writing software that mapped my voice in real-time to a piano keyboard, to creating a gui for other musicians to do the same, i felt like a wizard!   as a full-stack developer my primary work now includes building/improving apps and apis using javascript, react, redux, node, python and django.  not long ago, i learned a whole new data visualization library to improve an app my team was building. i love learning new tech, and building apps is a great way to do it.  i recently enjoyed building a game that included both dft and bft graph traversals to automate player moves.  whether it is building a social network or a drumkit app, i am thrilled to be back in the world of tech - writing software, building apps, changing our world.   portfolio  josh-gorton.com , joshgortoncodes ,
php - wordpress developer.  having good experience and professional technical background in web development and technology. 
ability to create innovative, creative, & interactive web designs to boost customer engagement. profound knowledge in html5, jquery, react.js, & other ui frameworks. build reusable code for future use while optimizing web performance.        web technologies     html, css, javascript       framework     reactjs , bootstrap       database     mysql       tools/ide     eclipse, netbeans, visual studio code, sublime text, atom       version control     git, github        language - c, c++, java ,
experienced developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in sql, cascading style sheets (css), php, and html. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications focused in computer science from birla institute of technology. ,
experienced web team lead with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. thriving within a high pressure, deadline driven environment, loves the challenge that brings the best of me and always looking for going with the trending technologies.  always keen towards learning.   skilled in php, sql , mysql, javascript, html, css, wordpress and jquery ajax. working as full stack developer with deep knowledge of both frontend and backend.  handling projects & dealing with clients with deep understanding and providing them better solutions and technologies to use for better performance. focus on understanding clients business model dealing with major clients of us & middle east, and fewer of australia & europe. 
i am pursuing cse at lovely professional university. i am a competitive programmer and a passionate frontend web developer. my projects    1. covid-19 tracker built using react.js, bootstrap, material ui. 2. student grade calculator using python 3. to do list using python django. 4. expense tracker using react. 5. movie search application using react 6. travel booking using java. some of my achievements   global rank 139 in june long challenge on codechef. cleared java, python, problem-solving coding assessments on hackerrank
looking for a full stack developer here i am.  1 year experience on mvc technology and on multiprojects.  experience in design,development,database mangament system.  experience on working with team and single.  specialties  asp.net(web forms,mvc,.net core), c#, linq, sql server, jquery, html, javascript,css,bootstrap,entity framework. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in logo design, php, jquery, web design, and management. strong engineering professional with a bsc - bachelor of science focused in information technology from aisect university. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in sql, php, cascading style sheets (css), html, and javascript. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications focused in computer science from acharya institute of technology. 
coding, designing, building, programing and managing web sites and have comprehensive coverage of e-commerce principles, models, and practices.   exploring internet marketing and retailing, payment and order fulfillment and e-commerce models such as business-to-business (b2b) and consumer-to-consumer (c2c).   working on both front-end and back-end programming  front-end includes designing the navigation and tools of a given site, while back-end entails establishing database and hardware infrastructure.  implementing security measures to have a safe browsing experience for all users. 
i am a software engineer. i code everyday. i have active engagement in rotaract and toastmasters club. rotaract has taught me the four-way test which gave me core values  to be honest and to have integrity. in toastmasters, i am working to be a public speaker. , tata consultancy services 
i am catherine, a human resource professional that works at perfecting all things hr related and thoroughly making sure the office runs smoothly.  regards  catherine higgins , fiverr 
i am an innovative and fully bi-lingual senior full lamp stack web developer with more than 15 years of experience and proven track record in designing, developing, and delivering secured, cost-effective, high performance web applications deployed and supported in a high availability cloud based (aws) linux environments. ,
author web developer chess player animal lover working on first novel , merit software services private limited , web developer 
looking forward to a challenging position where i can contribute my skill and abilities and deliver maximum output with honesty for the growth of the organization and personal professional career. ,
i have 3 years of hands-on experience in seo/digital marketing and    php/ wordpress web development.   job objective   willing to work in a progressive and challenging work environment where i would be able to significantly contribute my digital marketing skills to the organization's requirements while continuously improving my skill-set.  specialties  seo + ppc + smm  - google ads - search engine optimization (seo) - keyword research - google analytics, search console, google tag manager - social media marketing - social media optimization - facebook marketing - facebook lead generation - customer relationship management  - wordpress theme development - wordpress website development - wordpress issue fixes - php  - html5 - css3 - mysql,javascript 
are you looking for website designer, graphic designer, seo   i can give you 100% satisfaction guarantee assurance in your budget only. offering services are as follows  logo design, website design, banners, posters business cards, letterheads, digital marketing, branding & identity of a firm/company at affordable prices without comprising the quality and on time delivery.  i am very open to discuss on your requirement and free to share ideas. so if you need an advice or quotation regarding website design, logo design, brochure, any graphic design work you can contact me.  i am expertise in the following services.  - website design   - logo design - graphic design - brochure design - branding & identity - front end design - website audit - competitor research - keyword research - site structure - local business listing - social bookmarking - blog submission - guest blogging - forum posting - video submission - social media engagement  looking forward to continue my establishments and contribute more to the betterment of businesses.   thanks & sincerely, aneri manvar 
this is mohammad asif i'm currently doing b.tech from iimt collage of engineering greater noida i am look up career as a web designer 
work experience in start-up based | payment gateway | fintech domain | online - teaching portal project | java developer | java/j2ee | spring framework | spring boot | restfull web services | microservice | hibernate orm | jpa | javafx 
i mostly do php/mysql related work, from easy modifications to complex website development projects, with more than a decade of experience, always following the latest high-end standards. if you   re after a simple design coding job or require an advanced website building service, i'm here to assist.  just so you know, i work with individuals as well as web design companies that have customers of their own, that is why i will not publish links to my work as part of usual non-disclosure agreements.   among the things i pay most attention to       pixel-perfect coding     hand-coded w3c valid xhtml/css     cross browsers / platform compatibility     mobile device friendly layouts (responsive)     seo semantic code standards     optimized and sliced graphics     search engine friendly source code  you are, of course, welcome to get in touch with any further questions you may have, i'm always happy to talk. please note that i can only take on remote positions at the moment, thank you. ,
hello my name is sunny, i am a web developer and web designer. i have more than 5 years of work experience. i am knowledgeable with wordpress. i have extensive experience with html5, css3, javascript & php. i am able to work these programs in both apple and pc platforms. i know seo smo as well. currently i am a freelancer and can make all sorts of things including sites and apps, for all sorts of platforms including web, mobile, tablets and social media using php, mysql, html, css & javascript etc.  i have 12 unique ideas and i want to patent them and after than i want to start a billion dollar company as soon as possible. currently i am learning some important business skills & improving myself. ,
computer science graduate from iit bhubaneswar.  currently working as a full stack web developer for alacriti. 2+ years of experience in writing rest apis's and angular components along with significant experience in aws services , docker , sql and no sql databases 
harsh is a hardcore tech person, at sapiens innospace, he helps startups, entrepreneurs by taking care of their tech stuff like building product roadmap, product development (website development, android app development, ios app development, back-end, server handling etc).  he can help you in feature prioritisation based on launch or requirements. he can give you right advice for your product like what technology stack you should choose, what should be right approach to build the product etc. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, content management systems (cms), web services api, html, and software development. strong engineering professional with a bsc in information technology focused in information technology from ajanta public school. ,
it has been more than 3.1 years dealing with them, all updation and maintenance in the website are done very smoothly and perfectly. i am totally satisfied.
i am a permanent web developer with php framework like codeigniter, laravel, wordpress, cakephp with sql database. also knowledge of html, css, javascript, jquery for purpose of designing. i am doing freelancing at my own time with all the framework in web and app. 
a full stack web  developer  having master level knowledge of all latest technologies being used in web application development  like -  angular js, react js, vue js, php and  laravel framework ,
i am an autodidact, who is looking to continue learning and drawing experience from future employers, and peers. i have a storied history in the information technology industry, and am continually expanding my skills and knowledge to be the best developer, i can be. i hope to delve deeper into the world of computer science and am an absolute sponge for all things scientific. if you have information i can incorporate into my skill set, please reach out to me! , bobfraccounting 
very enthusiastic self taught and motivated programmer ready to learn new things, now i specialize in front-end engineering with a passion for standards, quality and innovation.  core skills include      email and web development     html5, css3 (flexbox, grid), bootstrap, and jquery (plugins). responsive and mobile-first design email templates/websites.    online/offline design     photoshop, illustrator, sketch    familiar with cro and ux/ui design principles    testing tools - litmus 
i   m a full stack web developer and a tech leader of an it software company. with my team, i have developed more than 250 projects over the last 7 years.  i   m good at conceptualizing business requirements into niche solutions with validated and tested code. i am an experienced javascript and php web developer, creating websites and saas portals for almost 7 years, virtually across every industry. i have extensive experience using project management tools and comfortable using communication channels.  whether you are starting a new project from the ground level or need enhancement in an existing product, i can work on every aspect of your project (from front-end design to back-end integration), or just certain functionalities, based on your specific needs. i will work with you along every step of the way to ensure that there are no surprises, and only satisfaction deliveries.         technical expertise        + php frameworks     laravel, codeignitor, symphony, zend  + database coding     mysql, sqlite, postgresql, mongodb, firebase + cms     magento 1/2, wordpress
west yorkshire, united kingdom , freelance swift/c# software developer and web application specialist with extensive experience of full software lifecycle from requirements gathering, prototyping, design & architecture to user interface and user interaction. currently specialising in swift/ios and microsoft .net and related technologies  fluid & progressively-enhanced web design and user interface development. , ianaturner ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php,html,bootstrap css, jquery, laravel, and ajax. ,
i'm a well organized, skilled, punctual, highly social, creative and forward looking person who loves the learning curves and thrives to make the world a better place by doing what's required of him, above, beyond and then some... 
i am working experience in 5 year of market ing flield in success sign esulotion pvt ltd 
experienced senior web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, code igniter, web services and qa. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering (b.eng.) focused in computer science from ptu, jalandhar(punjab). , gskhattra 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, wordpress, c++, jquery, and mysqli. strong engineering professional with a master of business administration - mba focused in business administration, management and operations from jaipur national university. ,
asp.net mvc web developer  ,i   m a senior wordpress developer living in ahmedabad, india.  for three years i have been building custom wordpress websites for businesses and individuals. i specialize in crafting easytouse backend experiences so my clients can easily manage their own website.  i can be your technical partner, understanding your goals and assembling the right solution with a focus on speed, performance, usability, and scalability. my deep technical knowledge and experience can help you avoid common issues and costly mistakes. , vaibhavgvb 
full stack developer with  over 5+ years with full project software/project lifecycle development  requirement analysis/design, testing, deployment, and product support.     experience in the domains of research/environmental science/finance/mobile application/enterprise data.     ui/ux experience building visual control features for tools on enterprise website and web applications    extensive understanding and hands-on implementation of the application design concepts including object oriented programming (oop) and scripting languages.    experience in implementing service oriented applications (soa) with web services using wsdl, soap, rest, and xml.    designing, implementing, and executing unit, integration, performance, stress, and end-to-end testing/quality assurance on enterprise applications     proficient in relational database concepts with extensive experience in relational data modeling, design and implementation with sql on oracle, mysql, and arcgis spatial databases.     web application frameworks like arcgis. wide portfolio of software development applications, environments and languages, linux
experienced editor in chief with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in big data technologies like python, hadoop, oracle, windows 7, python, microsoft excel, and sql. strong media and communication professional with a bachelor's degree focused in information technology from graphic era hill university. , anmoltanubhrt ,
i am a web developer i have a 2.4 years of experience in this field . initially started my carrier as a it consultant in an prapti  technology solution from october 2016. then i continued my carrier as a web developer in social hub info solutions, from august 2017 ,
ever since i was 13, designing has been my passion.i have grown my skills in photoshop, coreldraw, illustrator, cad, 3ds max and parallel learn codding.          i love applying responsive design principles and watching my web pages shrinks into mobile screens and still look amazing. i also love to solve customer's problems with modern technology.  professional skills  html | css | xd | java-script | illustration  | designing ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in laravel, codeigniter,  php, vue.js, angular js, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), wordpress, plugin development, theme development, and html. strong engineering professional graduated from govt. polytechnic college. 
finalist of smart india hackathon 2019 , major league hacking ,creative reactjs developer .  proficiency in javascript, including dom manipulation and the javascript object model. thorough understanding of react.js and its core principles. experience with popular react.js workflows (such as flux or redux). knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as json web token.
i am a wordpress developer for more than 4 years of experience at the beginning of his career, html, css. the small company had an extraordinary amount of matter and wordpress and i'm working my best. and improvements to the plugin itself, create templates and wordpress themes to customize the design of ways to implement the html in wordpress. like many in the plugin, wordpress themes, and i am also learning something extraordinary amount ... develop new technologies. determine the site's users. develop graphic design. confer with the client to discuss ideas for the layout, colors, and organization of the site. collect text documents and images. oversee production and implementation. add html extensions such as animations and surveys. ,
experienced web developer with 3.5 years of professional experience in development of web based application and websites. skilled in html, css, javascript, jquery, sql, php, joomla and wordpress. worked on multiple projects with responsive designs. ability to work as an individual and also a team worker. keen to learn new things and hard worker. knowledge of creating static and dynamic web pages. knowledge of creating classified web application. 
doing php development from last 8 years ,web developer in python and advance php(laravel) 
ui design, backed development, business logic & database design, graphic designing, full lifecycle software development, client relations, client communication, visual design linux server, user experience design (ued), business technology, responsive web design, woocommerce shape code n design, it will shape world. , gouravation ,
seeking a challenging opportunity in a productive, responsible and challenging environment where my knowledge and experience can contribute to the organizational growth as well as help me to grow professionally in the it industry, management, lecturer. 
i'm looking for of a good a challenging and progressive career opportunity position that allow me to use and develop my skills, knowledge fulfils my ambitions and utilizes my academic background and work experience.      cooperative and capable of team working for achieving common goals.      enthusiastic to meet different people and work in a new environment and to be exposed to diverse cultures.      ready for new challenges and open to change career when rewarding opportunities arise.      web technologies  php, html, javascript, css ,
i am passionate to work with web technologies, i build responsive web applications that give a rich experience to the users. reach out to me at 
i am manoj mali  planning to be financially independent, and have control of my time and location as well as to acquire my finances without violating my values, goals and personal mission. key values  growth, honesty, passion & commitment, adaptability, customer centricity to live everyday fully as if it was my last. learn as if you were to live forever...!!! , manojmali ,
i am very professional to my work and it's my passion to work as a digital marketer .web developer, web design, database administrator and interactive project manager in a wide variety of business applications. always interested in migration projects.   specialties  seo marketing, video marketing, film/video producer, affiliate marketing.   all plans included  home page - content management system - seo - installation & setup - slider design - content integration - contact form - mobile and tablet friendly design - social media integration - photo gallery - html 5 the latest html standards - search engine friendly - blog setup - online customer support
developed websites for a large range of companies including avery dennison, bank of scotland, bbc, british medical association, heriot-watt university, northern ireland tourist board, speedy hire and microsoft. have also created websites for ten different agencies of the scottish government.  languages include  css/sass, javascript/typescript/jquery, vbscript, sql, java and python frameworks include angular 9 and sharepoint network administration includes iis  very friendly chap that enjoys sailing and chess. , yachtinglimited 
currently spending a lot of time behind a keyboard, full time student (currently on a self-employed placement year) and working as an application developer. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the animation industry. skilled in adobe photoshop, front-end development, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), and web development. strong engineering professional with a 12 focused in computer science from vikas high school. 
i have been designing and developing engaging websites for more than 5 years now. a wide range of diverse clientele has helped me in building a good grasp of customer requirements. i   m dedicated to delivering robust websites and web applications that work across all devices.  #webdevelopment #websitedevelopment #webapplicationdevelopment #phpdeveloper #html5 #css3 #javascript #jquery #angularjs #mysql #database #redesign #webdesign #jade(pug) #sass #creativedesign  #graphicdesign #backenddevelopment #phplaravel #dynamicwebsites #staticwebsites #webhosting #webservers #seo #searchengines #socialmediamarketing #socialmediastrategy #campaigns #paidads #onpageseo #offpageseo #backlinking #datasourcing #marketresearch #posterdesign #bannerdesign #flyerdesign #brochuredesign #logodesign #adobephotoshop #adobeillustrator #adobepremierpro #adobeaftereffects #promotionalvideocreation #videoediting #mailchimp #emailmarketing #gsuit #emailbackup #professionalemail #sslcertificate #websecurity #userinterface #userexperiance #leadgeneration #landingpagedevelopment #googleadwords #googleadsense #googleanalytics #webmastertools #googlemybusiness #googlesearchconsole #payperclick #affiliatemarketing  #digitalmarketing #digitalmarketingspecialist , private consultancy , freelance full stack web developer and digital marketing specialist 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in drupal, php, wordpress and management. ,
university of southern california annenberg school for communication and journalism , student worker - web developer 
i'm a rookie web developer ready to learn all i can to become best. want to become one the best web developer in the world. , self employed 
coding and gaming what more should i say  current project an instant messaging social media site called singularity , host havoc ltd. 
enthusiastic web developer with a demonstrated history of working with the computer software . skilled in c++, python (programming language), back-end web development, html, and javascript. currently a junior in b.tech focused on computer science from national institute of technology, tiruchirappalli. ,
i have a passion for solving difficult problems.i pick up new technologies and frameworks fast and can quickly analyze their pros and cons.my curious and self-starter nature drive me to continually explore new technologies and apply them in my work.   i thrive in collaborative, high-pressure environments and love coordinating with others to devise creative approaches to complex problems.i have found, through my years in various professional workplace settings, that a little bit of patience and understanding goes a long way in building rich and productive team dynamics
front-end web developer with a passion for web design/development. previous experience in talent acquisition/hr. , sunshine behavioral health 
motivated developer with creating custom websites through php and css. strong collaboration skills and proven history of application development. dhtml and javascript. ms access and mysql. 
full stack web developer and freelancer. proficient in ui development and graphic designing.   specialized in    responsive web development ui designing mern stack (mongodb, express, react, node) wordpress ,
i am a self-taught freelance front-end developer based in the uk, and i develop fast interactive front ends, using the latest technologies and techniques to reduce page load time. i use my knowledge and tools to save time in development, including predecessors and my own custom framework to kick start a project.  skills and expertise    - solid knowledge of modern html/css practices   - strong knowledge of wordpress   - ux (user experience)   - proficient using design software such as photoshop and illustrator   - basic knowledge of javascript and php, apis   - basic knowledge of search engine optimization (search engine optimization)  i am currently only interested in remote positions. feel free to contact me regarding possible projects, collaborations, and opportunities. 
i'm an inquisitive and dedicated front end developer who enjoys building functional, responsive things on the web.  i work well with others and believe we succeed and fail as a team!  i have knowledge and skill with html5, css3, sass, bootstrap, javascript, react, jquery, gulp, jasmine testing suite, wordpress, vs code, sublime text, notepad++, windows os  associates of psychology - university of tn  12 years of retail experience with merchandising, order fulfillment, and customer relations and extensive knowledge of sap, bi hana
i   m web developer , working in ui design, web development and programming.  i spend my days with my hands in many different areas of web development.i had spent 2 + years in the corporate world as a web developer. 
front end developer for clinical biotech applications freelance web developer react, apis, node.js b.s. biological sciences from umd  web 
web programming | single page application | user interface design | front-end development | html5 | css3 | javascript | jquery | bootstrap | angularjs | angular2.0 | angular4.0 | angular6.0 | reactjs | nodejs | redux | java | restful webservices | materialize css | sass | typescript | rxjs | webpack | babel | git | jira | unit testing |  search engine optimization | agile  summary      versatile front-end developer with 5 years of experience designing, developing, and managing websites and internal frameworks.     proven expertise in angular2.0 and responsive design. ,
after 15 successful years of sales and customer service management in and around the tech industry, i have taken the next step and learned web development. i have used my marketing knowledge to consult with small businesses on how to generate higher returns by utilizing their online presence, and built web apps to suit their commercial needs and styles. ,
accept responsibility for your life. know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.  
i became interested in coding because of an engineering computation class at byu-idaho and decided i wanted to make a career out of it. web development excites me because i get the chance to build things that people will actually use. i am excited about all the learning experiences that coding has to offer. , devmountain student developers 
experienced front end developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry.  skilled in user experience (ux)  and ui(user interface), html5,  bootstrap 4, material designing,  cascading style sheets (css), scss, scss, psd to html conversion,  angular 7, 8 and  javascript, animation libraries. angular api integration, alogolia instant search functionality implementation in angular.   i have intermediate-level knowledge in search engine optimisation, content marketing, and social media marketing.   strong media and communication professional with a b.tech focused in computer science & technology from aktu. ,
i   m an experienced web developer looking for a challenging new role in the it industry with the opportunity to work with the latest technologies on challenging and diverse projects. i have worked on multiple sites during my short career and have been able to learn a lot of every single one of them. experience in front end development technologies including advanced html, css, java script, jquery, angularjs .  i am always open to work on new technologies or entering new areas with interesting problems to solve. if you have some cool projects that you think we can hack on together just write me an email, a message or even just tweet at me. ,
i am a back-end developer by passion and profession. currently, my area of expertise lies in web application designing to full-featured development of web-based systems using python web-frameworks, mainly django, flask, and webapp2. although i am also parallelly working on being a full-stack web developer. being said that, i also possess vast management and leadership skills that i have accumulated and acquired all through my past ventures and experiences. with my competent and focused mindset, hard-working and self-learning abilities, i am continuously learning new skills to keep pushing myself forward to my life goals of becoming an aced and credible software developer.  now, regarding new opportunities and endeavors  i   m currently available for freelance work, internships, or full to part-time developer positions. so, if you have a project that you want to get started, think you need my help with something or just fancy saying hey, 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. strong engineering professional skilled in cascading style sheets (css), php, wordpress, jquery, and html5. 
junior full stack web developer with experience in python and javascript, including node.js, postgresql, express, reactjs, jquery, html/css, mongodb and amazon web services. currently located in houston and open to relocation. completed digital crafts full stack web development program. seeking a position where creativity and leadership meets entrepreneurship. experience designing and building full stack apps from conception to deployment. 
i have high degree of self motivation , i'm a quick learner, i'm a person who works with a commitment ,i'm always kin to learn new things, i use all my setup skills to the growth of the company as well as mine 
i am a software developer, have passionate in developing educational software & web development. i have professional knowledge of php, mysql, html, css, js, nodejs, angular, e-learning software and data analytics , vssnaveenkumar ,
i'm a full stack developer who loves building user interfaces for web and mobile apps. i recently started working on an open-source project called moodtotunes that utilizes react, redux, and the soundcloud api. i'm passionate about blockchain, as well as artificial intelligence, and machine learning.  skills  html, css, sass, less, javascript, jquery, bootstrap, mysql, mongodb, express, react, node.js, redux
web development in angularjs & reactjs with nodejs & mongo, responsive web designing using angular materials , bootstrap 4/3 and css 3 
i'm web developer and android app development is my newest intraction with the technology.  simple design is best design, elegance of minimalism is magnificent. ,
with a background in business development and a passion for software engineering, i'm always on the look out for opportunities to work on great teams as a developer.   currently working in ecommerce with backbone.js and marionette.js at b&h photo , b&h photo video 
enthusiastic and self-driven web developer with past experience as a graphic designer. experienced in end to end development for single-page applications, learning and experimenting with new technologies, libraries & frameworks as needed.  - 1 year commercial development experience with javascript, typescript, react, node.js, express.js, graphql & apollo - 2 years of web and ui development experience using javascript, react, html, and css and cmses like wordpress & squarespace ,
mobile - react native, react native cli  frontend - react, vue, javascript, styled components  backend - php/laravel, mysql, mongodb, node  favorite tools - vscode, tableplus, iterm/zshrc 
ensight business solutions pvt ltd , wordpress web developer ,experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, bootstrap, core java and hardware installation. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in computer engineering from pvppcoe | padmabhushan vasantdada patil college of engineering. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in, reactjs, nodejs, expressjs, mongodb, javascript, docker, oracle database, databases, management, full-stack development, and web applications. strong engineering professional with a post graduate focused in advanced computing from centre for development of advanced computing   c-dac. , cloud_developr 
being from the engineering background i had the option of developing two different skillsets, first, the technical skillset, where i had to do coding, web development and other cool stuff or go for non-technical skillset i.e. marketing, management etc. i was interested in both of them and wanted to learn both.  guess what  i was successful.  coming to my technical skills first, i am a web developer with experience in developing websites using node.js, angular,  vue and firebase. i have got many projects under my belt in these areas. well, i can also develop websites using wordpress too. with extreme fascination towards chatbot, i learned to develop chatbot using dialogflow. also, i am a programmer with command over c, c++, java, javascript, and python. i am a machine learning enthusiast.  so, it's often said that by joining a startup one can really polish and develop their skills. well
i am experienced web programmer who has successfully worked various huge projects and has proven my skill in many opportunity. i am the responsible for the working and try to keep the best relationship with the clients.   codeigniter | magento | php | web api | web design | ajax | jquery  my vision   high quality, high satisfaction and lot of money..!!!   area of expertise   * php ( php, codeigniter,magento) - 1.75 years * web api( restful api,json,xml) - 1.75 years * design ( responsive web design, html, css3, psd , psd to html, photoshop,bootstrap ) - 1 years  * js ( jquery, ajax) - 1.75 years  * database (mysql) - 1.75 years * server management, db management --- more flexible every field of technology and trends
experienced web developer specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in yii, php, wordpress, jquery, and laravel. strong professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in computer engineering from dr. subhash technical campus (695). strong professional with a diploma engineering -  focused in computer engineering from aitsds (atmiya institute of technology and science for diploma studies). 
experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, wordpress design, jquery, java script, laravel, codeigniter, css3 and html5. strong information technology professional graduated from rajasthan institute of engineering & technology, jaipur. , badshahsahu ,
i am web developer having fresher of website development, design and database . i have done projects for various clients under various domains like car dealers, real estate, job boards, forex , ecommerce etc.  i have hands on experience in php, wordpress,  mysql, html, css, photoshop.  experienced in wordpress  sites, development, configuration, optimization, migration, custom theme development. working with various plugins and widgets, customization according to client requirements. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, wordpress, customer relationship management (crm), shopify, and codeigniter. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer engineering from kurukshetra university. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in search engine optimization (seo), website and software development , php, wordpress, and c++. good knowledge of technical content writing and content marketing. strong engineering professional with a diploma focused in information technology from govt polytechnic lucknow. 
drupal developer with 3.2 years of experience, drupal 7,8  drupal skills  * drupal theming * drupal site building * drupal custom module development * web and project management module installation/customization 
experienced frontend developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in mailchimp, wordpress, drip marketing, sketching, internal sales tools and hubspot. strong engineering professional with a master of science (m.sc.) focused in computer science from bapatla engineering college. 
programming || python || c || java || web  development || html || css || bootstrap || javascript || flask || sql || sqlalchemy || wordpress 
to work in a dynamic & growth stimulating environment, which provides ample opportunity to enhance my skills and be successful professional in the field of system and information technology. , breakingknowlez
uk developer seeking web / software development work - seeking full-time work from home due to disability. skills  c#, asp.net mvc, bootstrap, ef6, fluent api, sql server, javascript, jquery, angularjs, mvvm, html, css, winforms, visual basic, ood/oop & more. 
fitness freak | multipotentialite | efficacious_audacious | audiophile | technophile | bibliophile 
pulling from my diverse scientific background and artistic endeavors, i   ve paved a new career path as full-stack web developer with a focus on front-end web development & digital design. i enjoy tapping into my creative, analytical, and problem-solving skills to design, create, and support visually appealing and user-friendly company websites, intranets, and digital media.  i recently earned my full stack web and applications development certificate from the university of texas and have worked as web developer for ufcu for over two years. i went from having zero experience to a full-time role within three years by looking for and creating opportunities to grow professionally and expand my value to an organization. most recently, i taught myself adobe illustrator, after effects, and premiere pro to fulfill a graphic design gap for internal marketing needs, creating logos, scratch cards, presentations, and animated videos to help the internal communications team.  a few career successes include        winning the interact intranet award as part of a two-member team and being nominated as an international award finalist for ragan   s communications best in instructional/educational content category.       creating a website from scratch in two months with a database hookup running a dynamic test menu for the vp of marketing and sales at sonic reference lab while working as corporate quality manager  received high praise from the vp, who presented it to the ceo of sonic health care usa and obtained approval for production.   specialties adobe illustrator, photoshop, after effects
proficient technical writer with experience in developing help manuals, reference guides, user guides, faqs, system messages, community posts and blogs for enterprise software solutions * 1.5+ years of experience in creating and publishing digital content for technical documentation and demand generation programs * excel at working with subject-matter experts to gather information, identify relevant data and audiences, and write documents that are clear and user friendly * foundation level understanding of information development lifecycle (idlc) and software development lifecycle (sdlc) * published articles on mobile security best practices in online magazines and tech portals ,
in a nutshell  entrepreneur at heart, i love challenges and having impact through my work and creations. marketer by training and mindset, full-stack web developer, and a keen observer and contributor to the technology, investment and startup ecosystems.  with a background in marketing, insights, account & project management in mnes like coca cola/innocent, and innovative startups alike, i have a flair for spotting problems, identifying opportunities and ways to make things bigger and bolder.  looking ahead, i believe the future is being created by the visionary startups that want to change the world and the people that make them happen. i aim to be one of those people.  always up for a chat on future of work, remote, voice, or ideas that put a spin on our current view the world.
web developer with a bachelor of science computer science degree. currently working at money map press an agora company in baltimore, md. mmp has many opportunities and they are a great place to work for many types of fields so look them up if you are searching. ,
having 4+ years experienced into web development. technologies worked on react.js, redux, angular 8, es6 concepts, typescripts, javascript, jquery, ajax, bootstrap, responsive view design, html5 and css3.  integrated the api and consuming the json data and displayed over dom. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. 
i'm a web developer with a background in accounting, based in santa ana, ca. as i was earning my degree, i was exposed to the tech world through courses in c# and c++. this exposure helped me realize i was drawn to programming's creative problem-solving. i enjoy designing and building applications with simplistic design that enhances the user's experience and satisfaction. 
experienced employee with a demonstrated history of working in the frontend development and services industry. skilled in web and graphic designing, react,  search engine optimization (seo), microsoft word and wordpress. strong professional with a master   s degree focused in computer science from punjab technical university. , ritamehra 
laravel | package-development | codeigniter | nodejs | angularjs | bootstrap | html 5 | javascript | jquery | ajax | mysql | radis | rest api | python | django 
front end web developer with a background experience in backend. overall a full stack developer.  process oriented approach via configuration management, requirements engineering, project planning learned at various stage of professional carreer 
moving pixels around, erika makes magic happen where functionality meets user interaction. combining the powers of css and javascript, she eagerly pursues new techniques to bring about fresh, innovative experiences.   she has a passion for web animation and keeping up with the latest front-end practices. besides diving into the technical details of javascript in her spare time, erika also delights in adding to her cacti collection!  she currently works at an awesome local company as a front-end developer! 
 experienced web developer with an eye for design, strong attention to detail, and proven ability to transform ideas into responsive, resilient websites and apps. 7 years career experience in leadership development and team building. strong technical background, learning posture and a team-oriented mentality. 
highlights   html5, css3, jquery, javascript. angular 7, bootstrap with material design understanding of php, jsp, sql, servlets knowledge of sass and typescript pixel perfect on psd to html full software development life cycle documentation, design, testing individually contribution to the project  good knowledge of object-oriented knowledge, uml   highest qualification - under graduation (last sem) dob- 06th aug 1999 marital status - unmarried current location- delhi/ncr 
13+ years of experience in design and development numerous secure web base application in microsoft technology including asp.net mvc, .net core, c#.net, vb.net, rest api, wcf, web services, xml, html, javascript, jquery, bootstrap, angular 4/6, ajax, css, ms sql server 2018/2019.     experience in design, development, coding of client/server web base on multi-layer (data layer
i specialize in jamstack web development. primarily building with jekyll. i've built jekyll sites for github pages, gitlab pages, cloudcannon, forestry, and netlify.  a few technologies i use to do this include   - html & css - sass / scss - javascript - liquid - git - bash, gulp, & npm scrips ,
i am a results driven and customer focused full stack software developer with a passion for front end development. being experienced with multiple technologies and languages, i aim to have a career that will allow me to express my creativity and build on the strong foundation that i have developed, while learning new ones.  i recently graduated from origin code academy in san diego last december, which is a coding boot camp that teaches front end and back end software development. i have a customer service background which helped me develop a perspective that i am eager to apply to software development and create memorable experiences with my work.
experienced associate software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, sql, mysql, html. css, bootstrap, jquery, java script  strong engineering professional with a studying focused in computer science & engineering from nm institute of engineering & technology, bhubaneswar, odisha (india) 
2.5 years experienced web developer with exposure to number of projects and scale, looking to enhance my career in direction of growth and versatility in technologies.  skills  scripting language  php js framework  angular framework  codeigniter cms  wordpress web  html, css, bootstrap, jquery javascript, angular db  mysql, mysqli  domains i worked for  - automobile and transportation - industries and manufacturing - food delivery - retail and e-commerce - travel and hospitality - health care  -education  roles and responsibilities  - development of reusable code. - development and implementation of core functionality and support tools. - development and implementation of web services (rest, soap). - understand the business and functional requirements. - iterative testing and code reviews through the development of the application. 
hi! my name is ted kim and i am currently studying computer science as a fourth year at the university of california, riverside.   apart from just programming, i also have a love for film, videography, and music production. i love creating content for both personal and professional purposes!   i am currently interested in summer 2020 internships involving database engineering, project/program/product management, web development, software engineering, or data analytics. 
i am a logical and results-driven web developer and a data science enthusiast, dedicated to build and optimize user-focused websites. i believe to be judicious and creative when crafting effective websites, apps, and platforms to propel competitive advantage and revenue growth. technically proficient and analytical problem solver with a calm and focused demeanor, one can trust me with their projects for i always propel and meet my deadlines! 
solutions architect and engineer, designing, reversing, and building complex systems. experienced at outsourcing and leading offshore teams. webmaster with devops skills and a nodejs, reactjs, electronjs enthusiast. expert in linux, apache, mysql, php and vanilla javascript as well.  build cuda and amd gpu based crypto miners.  spent 3 years working for cisco as an iot solutions provider, doing proof of concept iot deployments for various clients such as at&t, honda, foxconn, australian government. working with hardware and software to invent solutions and demonstrate iot value propositions. providing feedback to executives for strategic positioning of cisco in iot sector. working with partners and curating the developer experience on cisco's devnet.   advocate and analyst of open source software and open source hardware for productiziation of new iot solutions. ,
hard-working student with proven leadership and organizational skills. seeking to apply my abilities to fill the internship role in your company. i am a dedicated team player who can be relied upon to help your company achieve its goals. 
self employed..full time freelancer.expert of php and javascript frameworks.4 years of experience.  experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in  php, laravel ,wordpress, and c++. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications - mca focused in computer science from amritsar college of engg. & tech, amritsar. ,
full stack web developer with a background in information technology and video production. effective at combining creativity and problem solving to develop user-friendly applications. known among colleagues to be detail oriented and a fast learner.
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. strong engineering professional graduated from gls institute of computer technology.
life is not about finding yourself, it   s about creating yourself. who do you want to be  the choice is yours and everyone should be very careful in its career choice just like me. i did software engineering and being a senior php developer, i think i have chosen the very right profession for me because programming & development is my passion and i believe i was born to be a programmer.  now the question comes why you should hire me  the answer is simple and straightforward. i am offering accurate, cost effective and fast solutions to my clients. you can rely on me for your needs and i promise to fulfill them in a more productive and manageable manner.  according to my few closest relations, i am very kind at heart, cute, innocent and very sincere person with decent personality. i think it   s enough for now but stay tune we are not much chummy yet  ) , faadibrown 
beginner mern developer working in the web development industry. skilled in react js,node js, express js, mongodb, firebase,git, advance java,servlets, c++, jquery, and responsive web design. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology focused on computer science. 
experienced in web development ,with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in  web services, sql, java, html and javascript. strong consulting professional with a master of business administration (mba) from suresh gyan vihar university- talentedge, pune ,
live as if you were to die tomorrow. learn as if you were to live forever. from squashing bugs to data exploration, development allows me to unleash my creativity through code. i want nothing more than to quench my thirst for a problem to solve. my interest in business and hardware fuels my passion for building software. i am always interested in expanding my knowledge in computer science and beyond. , m193823 
i am expert in every html5, css3, bootstrap, php, laravel, api,  angularjs, reactjs, node js ,wordpres etc.  i am a programmer in a software company and try to simplify the life of people with my skills.  experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in wordpress, php, my sql, web designing (html, css. bootstrap, ps), web hosting, cpanel, whm panel, data analytics, seo, social media marketing, and ui/ux designer strong engineering professional with a diploma focused in computer engineering from excel institute of diploma studies. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology & services industry. skilled in heroku, watson, servlets, apache kafka, and jquery. strong engineering professional with a mca focused in computer software engineering from rajiv gandhi proudyogiki vishwavidyalaya. 
strong hand coding experience in  codeignitore, opencart, laravel, core php,  boostrap, html/css/bootstrap and design tools photoshop,  - core  php, codeignitore, laravel, yii2,  - opencart 3.0 -wordpress - ajax - rest api - jquery/javascripts - responsive layouts / html5  bootstrap5 - photoshop  hands on experience on responsive web design(rwd), android mobile and other smartphone support web and mobile application. , jagrutigohil 
web developer  experienced android developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in mobile application development, digital strategy, firebase, mobile applications, and java. 
bsc computer science & mathematics student and freelance web developer ,  a freelance web developer & have worked on various technologies like asp.net mvc, c#, wordpress, java script, jquery ,  sql. ccna.... , arpitshukla81 
at rentech digital we provide end-to-end development solutions for web, mobile, blockchain, iot and ai.  i am the kind of person who always try to move forward in each and every situation of life, considering the fact that  nothing is impossible in this entire world . i am pursuing b.tech. from coep, pune university, with a specialisation in computer engineering. i am really an open-minded person. i like to express my thoughts, ideas without any hesitation. i am good in convincing somebody at 9 out of 10 times. 
i am a creative web developer and designer having 6+ years of experience in building and maintaining high-quality websites.   with a well-rounded approach, i have achieved the perfect balance that provided me the ability to have strong problem-solving skills.                                     developing the following types of websites       e-commerce web development     landing pages & one page     appointment booking | traveling & restaurant     real estate & events booking     business development & company website     blog & magazine | personal portfolio     responsive website designs | mobile site design     building custom wordpress templates     wordpress premium themes customizations                                     in the past couple of years, i've been working with numerous startup companies around the world to help them not only launch, but also thrive in their markets.                                     am working on the latest web technologies       wordpress | laravel | codeigniter     php & sql | html & css | bootstrap | javascript     photoshop & illustrator     wp themes & plugins | custom plugin generations     custom themes from scratch & child themes     elementor, divi, visual composer, expert     payment gateways integration                                     graphically features      business cards | banners & posters     business flyers | magazines | brochures     envelopes | invitation letters                                     writing on some trending subjects      business growth tips     social media platforms     new technology     business development & startups     online money-making models     website tutorials  it is my habit to work with everyone, whether it is a company or a single person. if you want to work with me then i am available for you 24 hours, you can contact me without any hesitation.  thanks  harpreet singh , happy27387 ,
i am a motivated person with a demonstrated record of work that shows commitment and integrity in the work place.   i enjoy working within a team but can equally show initiative by working under minimum supervision and on my own.   i am confident in my approach and not afraid to take on new challenges. , valuation office agency 
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in sql, php, jquery, drupal, and codeigniter. strong engineering professional with a master   s degree focused in electronics and communications engineering technology from trident academy of technology (tat), bhubaneswar. 
10 years of web development, systems architecture through ms clusters, together with 30 years of programming in total, strong it-domain knowledge, aiming for rest api perfection, changing and improving people's lives through technology. searching for people who love marketing, management, fashion, space exploration or love peace, freedom, unity, diversity, positivity, the universe. ,
i   m a web developer with a passion for building things that have the power to add value to your life. my interest in programming is derived from my initial email marketing role, building campaigns using html and css. since then, i   ve continued to study various programming languages such as javascript and php. i enjoy utilizing agile methodologies to implement a client's vision using various technologies on websites built with wordpress and hubspot.
i have 2 year experience in development.  my key skills in back-end framework are laravel, codigniter and core php. and in front-end my key skills are javascript , jquery , react.js.and in cms shopify. ,
i   m a 31 years old guy living in mumbai, i graduated in 2011 at the vidyalankar institute of technology from mumbai university. after completion of my degree, i started working as a web developer/designer. it is also important for me to work on projects which are very related to web techniques, do freelance works, and participate in open-source projects.  i handcraft css & html documents. i handle javascript & jquery. and you would not be surprised if i told you that i fell in love with html5 and of course, css3. i have also a passion for user interface and experience design. also, i am very much fond of php and mysql, i do programming and development in both of these techniques.  when i   m not writing code or pushing pixels, i devour everything in my google reader. i also like listening to music or drum and bass, traveling and watching hollywood movies. , sanap_rohidas 
hello  i have 4+ years of experience in web developing. i provide solutions for companies or individuals interested in outsourcing their design needs. i specialized in developing high quality look & feel interfaces and advanced server-side programming (php, ajax,jquery, javascript, mysql, html, css, xml). i'm expert in web development. also i have great experience with wordpress.  and also strong knowledge wordpress page builder  thanks ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in search engine optimization (seo), e-commerce, c++, java, and salesforce.com. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications (mca) focused in it & management from university of pune. 
flexible & adaptable across multiple development technologies and methodologies.     result oriented, self driven, highly motivated, smart and hungry to learn new technologies, methodologies, strategies and processes. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php,wordpress,codeigniter,sharelatex,microsoft excel, customer service, microsoft word, sales, and strategic planning. strong engineering professional graduated from mea engineering college. 
experienced web developer, property manager, construction superintendent, and system administrator. | wintel, virtulisation, linux |  to achieve professional satisfaction, career progression and personal development by working in an environment, this encourages growth and enriches my experience. 
experienced software developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in requirements analysis, php, codeigniter,zend, mvc framework,  javascript, mysql, redis cache memory, elasticsearch and jquery, json, rest api. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology (b.tech.) focused in computer software engineering from sobhasaria group of institutions. , ravi_verma22 ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in web design. , srv media pvt. ltd. 
i.t. design and development / solutions/server/network administrator to provide quality and excellent it solutions to enhance the organizational performance and add value to the business process enterprise wide, thereby, giving the company competitive edge. providing quality it solutions to complex business/individual problems within scope, budget and tight schedules. extensive experience in networking, computer repairs and maintenance, databases and it support, technical communication. flexible as regards moving from project to project and in assimilating new technologies. proven team leadership skills. a passion to learn and to increase skills. now looking to continue making a significant contribution within web design, web programming and development / leading a technical team. as a server administrator, i implement and manage one of the most important technologies in the organization   the network and servers. my role demands expertise in server operating systems and active directory. i have mastered an array of monitoring and profiling tools that helps manage the server and network environment and tune systems to perform optimally. 
first level escalation of it related incidents, problems and queries for the users of it infrastructure and need to make regular follow up on the same. installations and maintenance of operating systems windows xp(sp3) and  windows 7 and application softwares. setup and maintenance the lan. network and share printer installations. monitor network & infrastructure using hp monitoring tools. sla violation is critical, need to solve the issue by making proper follow ups. basic configuration of router and switches. manage alerts on hp sitescope and network node manager. 
i am working as a senior digital marketing manager.  i am someone who has a deep comprehension over monitoring social media channels, search engine optimization and digital marketing and has a passion towards creating content, and i believe my ability to relate to my target audience is just what your company needs.
background & experience  i'm a web developer from virginia. what i enjoy most is wordpress theme development, custom website design and responsive mobile friendly ui development.      i have extensive knowledge and experience in  adobe wordpress ecommerce responsive design bootstrap framework  foundation framework html5/css3/php5 sass compass jquery 
digitalmarketing agency. specializing in the healthcare      and food and beverage      industry, and the obscure. also a cook, and appointment scheduler.
i have 6 year of experience and and expert in php,wordpress,codeigniter,smarty, cms, ajax, jquery, javascript, & psd to html,html5, responsive design, web developer,website optimization.    web development and web design.   - codeigniter expert (shopping cart,api and a2z service provide).  - custom wordpress theme & template integration.  - online store implementation & setup.  - responsive wordpress website development.  - wordpress blog customization.  - wordpress support and maintenance.  - conversion of psd to wordpress website.  - custom wordpress plug-in development.  - wordpress seo services.  - psd to bootstrap.  - responsive design.  - psd to html.  - website optimization. - a healthy long term relationship. - get project done before touch deadline.  lets get yourself a chance to work with a top class full stuck wordpress and codeigniter developer.   cheers atul vaghasiya ,
i'm a  professional developer and designer.    i'm punctual hard working & can work under any circumstances. i specialize in javascript and have professional experience working with python.  the best thing about me is that i am a quick learner.i can assure you that i will work hard, i will work smart and i will work to my maximum potential.   please take a look at my work or get in touch!      ,
casp (certified advance security practitioner) mcsa server 2012 / sharepoint  # f081-8992 mcp #f073-9732 mcitp #f471-5527 mcts #f471-5472 security + comptia certified ce. network + comptia certified ce. 
experienced system administrator with a demonstrated history of working in the public sector. skilled in php, linux & windows system administration, active directory, data center management, and all levels of it support. ,
i   m a passionate web/ui designer. everyday learner with rare combination of development and designing skills with creative thoughts which i developed best web portals based on ecommerce. i worked on high quality designs with 4 years of experience in user interface and web development, i do understand user needs and translating those needs into a perfect visuals and easy to use products for web and mobile platform and self motivated, love to learn and implement new theories, fun with coding , rajjdesign 
b.tech mechanical engineering completed in 2016 with 66. 87% . i have experience  html,css,php,mysql,  codeigniter , cms, restfull , mallik_kompelli ,
i am a highly-skilled, enthusiastic developer.  i am hard-working, possesses extensive problem-solving skills, and loves implementing a general algorithmic approach. a team player with a can-do attitude, i am interested in ecommerce and php in further connection with other services.  i have worked the full development lifecycle from identifying the client   s real needs to designing the systems architecture as well as implementation. 
php/adv. php/web dev.& design / seo training institute docckolkata  one of the best training institute in kolkata and across india 15 years of excellence in training.  want to be a good web programmer or web designer based on php, my sql, cms, wordpress, drupal, magento, python, pestasoft, tornedo, symphony, jeson, open cart, zend cart, cake php, codeigniter, mobile apps, ajax
currently working as ui developer in cloud business innovation center at ibm india pvt. ltd., bangalore. having good knowledge in javascript, reactjs, redux, node.js, express, angularjs, cloud technologies,  virtualization, git, agile methodologies. 
a full stack web developer with experience in javascript, react, html, and css. a current student of lambda school, a google-backed coding boot-camp. a former teacher with both technical and soft-skills. ,
while my past experience has been as a journeyman machinist, i am transitioning into a career as a full stack, react.js focused web developer. when i am not studying, i spend my time listening to vinyl records, cooking on the bbq, and trying to find the perfect place to enjoy a late night meal.
experienced wordpress and php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in psd to wordpress, sql, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), and php. strong engineering professional with a mca focused in computers from maharaja agrasen institute of management & technology. 
full stack (python/node + angular/react) developer with hands on experience in developing web applications using node js, html5, css3, angular 2/6, react (redux), jquery, javascript, bootstrap. software architecture   serverless, microservices, multitier architecture, monolithic, soa, high availability and fault tolerance. infrastructure   chef, amazon web services (ec2, ecs, rds, lambda
experienced professional freelancer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in microsoft word, html5, css3, bootstrap 4, php, wordpress, laravel, javascript, vue js and jquery. strong media and communication professional with a bachelor of engineering (b.e.) focused in computer science from csit. 
software developer with a demonstrated history of working in the banking and staffing industry. skilled in negotiation, analytical skills, lamp stack, mean stack, laravel, team building, wordpress, magento, microsoft dynamics nav certified, mvc architecture, javascript, html, css, project management and much more. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, codeigniter, ajax, cascading style sheets (css), and javascript. strong engineering professional with a mca focused in computer studies from hindustan institute of management and computer science . ,
lead web developer  primarily concerned with overseeing development initiatives and tasks to client facing software initiatives, and am the primary full stack contributor to design.3-form.com (an angular app using a ruby on rails api, and a sql database).  in addition to overseeing in house development of our client facing software i also serve as a technical liaison to contracted companies who assist with projects that include our ipad app (built in react native), 3d visualizations, and design tools.  as such, my work includes dev-ops initiatives on both in house servers and extensive use of amazon web services, including s3, cloudfront, analytics, etc.  prior to my current position i was a lead front end developer working on a migration to angular 2+, responsible for creating and building out the architecture for a web based saas product.  additionally, while there, i worked extensively on our ruby build scripts and some full stack integrations of the new front end features in our c++/sql based applications.  experienced in setting up local ci (continuous integration) servers using both jenkins and bamboo.  prior to being a developer, i was an account executive with 5+ years experience of creating and executing marketing plans for large food manufacturing companies.  recognized for new account creation and growth, public relations, timely implementation of agendas and strong people skills. ,
dreams to revolutionize healthcare technology . passionate about data-driven decision making. grandma's favorite grandson. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in sql, cascading style sheets (css), c++, html, and software development. strong engineering professional with a be - bachelor of engineering focused in computer science from rajiv gandhi prodyogiki vishwavidyalaya. 
around 6 years of experience in designing user interface (ui) applications and professional web applications using html4/5, css2/3, javascript, angularjs, reactjs, jquery, ajax, xml, json.     actively took part in all the phases of the software development life-cycle(sdlc) including implementation, release, unit testing, refactoring and maintenance.     extensive knowledge in developing single page responsive web applications using javascript frameworks like angular js, backbone.js and bootstrap.     extensive knowledge in object-oriented programming in javascript.     expertise in angularjs controllers, directives, factories, services, routing using javascript, jquery and angularjs.     experience in using ajax calls to create interactive web applications.     good understanding of document object model (dom) and dom functions.      hands-on experience with css less/sasspre-processor.     experience in web pack and babel. good knowledge with latest ecma script (es7).     experience in designing and developing solutions using the mvc architecture.     expert in restful services consuming using get
a very enthusiastic hardworking young man ,love exploring the world in my own way ,playing basketball, chess, and a passionate poet and debater above all a god fearing person.   i'm a student of learning  looking to understand concepts.  i want to deepen my intuitive understanding of concepts i already know, or challenge myself by learning fascinating new concepts. ,
i am a full stack web developer excited for new opportunities to expand my skills. i have mostly used react, css, javascript, and postgresql.
build websites and also develop an insatiable passion for poetry. , eesarah electronic connections ltd. experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in python (programming language), php, c++, cascading style sheets (css), and c (programming language). strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused in computer science from abes engineering college. ,
full stack web developer able to build web applications from the ground up. also skilled in information gathering, planning, design, development, testing and delivery and maintenance. passionate about software architecture and design, combined with sensitivity to serve the needs of the business with a balanced  delivery of high quality solutions.  i truly believe in continued education and research and continue to seek new software and methods to assist with product development. i have a bachelor's  degree in  software engineering and earned my certification in web development from the university of texas bootcamp, where i honed my skills in html5, css3, bootstrap, javascript, jquery, node.js.   do your interests align with mine  then we can work together to further the goals of your company. i am looking to collaborate and learn from every situation i come across. let's work together.  i am open to new opportunities and fun projects. 
working as a front-end developer at themeselection.  i work creatively, so i can help to deliver modern design, creative, easy-to-use products that make designers, developers and agencies life easy!!! 
full stack web developer and volunteer. i have collaborated with numerous development teams on a wide variety of projects. technologies i have worked with include html, css, javascript, mongodb, node.js, react, angular, github, jquery, and python. in addition i am a musician, wannabe polyglot, and world traveler.   github  kmid5280  guten tag. ich hei  e kyle und bin web-entwickler. ich finde die deutsche sprache sehr interessant und bin schon ein paar mal nach deutschland gereist.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    .                       .                       .                                                                                .                                 .                          .                             .          -                      .                      ,                                                                                         ,                                     -            . 
experienced developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in asp.net mvc, kendo ui, wcf services, sql server database,  and user controls. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of computer application focused in information technology. 
excited to get exposure and learn more about different technologies. seeking an opportunity to obtain a position that will help me to utilize my technical skills and provide a platform to explore myself. i just want to learn more from experienced persons of organization and give my best in making an organization successful 
an application software engineer graduated from coimbatore university and having overall 8 years of extensive experience in web developing application modules for industry specialized.              an application software engineer having great experience with all stages of designer, developer, framework. 
i realized my passion for coding when i was 15 years old, tinkering with and trying to make my own pok  mon custom roms. since then, my passion for coding has not stopped growing. my coding education began independently, teaching myself popular coding languages starting from java to c#. in 2018, i found lambda school and fell in love with the fresh ideas the school represented. i applied, got in and haven't look back. during lambda, i was exposed to the most popular full-stack web technologies, such as javascript, react, redux and more. lambda school expanded my coding horizons to other computer science curriculums such as python, data structure, c, and computer processes. not stopping there, i have continued to improve myself by enrolling at western governor university in computer science. i worked hard and complete over half of the required credits in just a 6 months term. the competency model that wgu offers really fits my style of studying. i love to tinker and explore for myself. im great at learning through doing and appreciate any opportunity to learn. 
i have a master   s degree in library and information science, in which i concentrated on digital curation, preservation and databases. while there, i used many command line tools for digital assets which made me interested in how they   re built. this inspired me to look more into how software gets created, so i learned how to code javascript, html and css by myself. i loved it, so i decided to apply to the grace hopper program to sharpen my skills.  tech skills proficient  javascript, node.js, express, git, html, css, react, redux, scss, sequelize knowledgeable  rda, aacr2, travis
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in sql, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), php, and html. strong engineering professional with a pgdca focused in computer application from makhanlal chaturvedi national university of journalism and communication, bhopal. ,
innovative front end developer with 3+ years experience in building and maintaining responsive website. experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in javascript, vuejs, reactjs, php, databases, java, and android and ios development.
an enthusiastic, responsive, flexible, highly-motivated, productive and customer-focused professional with strong communication, interpersonal, organizational, time management, analytical and problem solving skills.   i am reliable, cooperative and dedicated team player with the ability to grasp and apply new procedures quickly  organize, strictly following agreements and prioritize tasks to meet deadlines and adapt readily to new challenges.  i have ability to carry out large and demanding projects with consistent quality and attentiveness as well as to perform in a professional and effective manner at all times. , preetssekhon ,
creative full stack developer with a passion for designing fully functional, yet elegant web applications using a variety of di   erent languages, platforms, and frameworks. my background in stem along with collaborating on a diverse team in a startup, combined with my technical development abilities, provides me with a unique skill set that i look forward to utilizing on a team of dedicated developers. i am looking for a unique opportunity to develop my programming skills and expand my knowledge of modern software development methodologies.
i have 2 year of experience working in the it field. i have primarily worked on building web portals like education(quiz,training) based products, corporate website, brokerage website,job portals and us based projects.   my core experience has been in web development based on php & mysql, mvc software development is my passion.  i am always interested in learning new web development technologies. i have also taken self initiative to learn   new technologies in php world. ,
young professional seeking an opportunity to learn, grow and utilize current skillset for an organization that offers opportunities for growth and acquiring new knowledge and skills. ,
5+ years of experience in designing, developing, testing and deployment of web-based and enterprise business applications      hands on experience in the implementation of core java se 8 concepts     expertise in developing micro services using spring boot and node js to build more physically separated modular applications which will improve scalability, availability, agility of application.      hands on experience in working with databases mysql, oracle, sql-server, db2 and nosql , dynamo db, couch db, graph db.     expertise in orm tools hibernate, ibatis, with jpa specifications, hql, caching, acid transaction, locking and implemented odm framework like mongoose for mapping mongodb.     experienced in developing front end applications using html4/5, xhtml
full stack web developer looking for new exciting and challenging opportunities in web development and software engineering. languages of choice are javascript and java. i use react as my front end framework of choice along with mysql and mongodb for creating and maintaining databases for web applications. can learn other technologies and languages quickly as needed to get the job done. 
working as a laravel developer from 3 years and mtsql css, html ,web developer   datalot. former instructional associate of software engineering   general assembly. tech transplant from the book publishing 
experienced web developer working with scrum/agile project management. specializing in front-end development, including html5, css, javascript/jquery, mysqldb, php, laravel, react, redux and other great frameworks. i am currently seeking opportunities to bring my passion and dedication of web development to your company. 
software developer using php, laravel, wordpress, drupal.a dynamic, team spirited and performance driven engineering professional with an extraordinary blend of leadership, design and coding knowledge. - hands on experience in programming languages like java, node.js, react.js, c, c++, python, r and web designing (html/css, javascript), ms project & ms office suit - experienced with rdms implementation and development using mysql, mssql and oracle - extensive experience of data structure and algorithm, database management, data mining, data analytics and warehouse. experience also includes project planning and project analysis, web designing, database management - excellent team player as well as dedicated individual worker to work with multiple projects. i possess good technical and engineering design skills
while studying accounting at utah state university, i was required to take big data analytics and accounting information systems. during both of those courses i was exposed to basic computer science and basic programming.  after completing those courses i decided to pursue web development full-time at devmountain.  after completing the devmountain program i found employment as an html/css contractor.  over the next year and a half i worked my way up from an html/css contractor to a full-time frontend developer on the implementation team of impartner. i left impartner after 2 years of employment for a position with pictureline inc, where i would hold a more critical role in the business as pictureline inc's only web developer. i am currently working at pictureline inc building shopify web apps in polaris and maintaining their current web presence using html, scss, javascript, and the liquid templating language. 
software developer interested in taking on new challenges in team environments. currently working with .net mvc, angular, aws, and sql server, experience developing front end components, and back end logic using es5/6, react, redux, .net core, asp.net framework, sql server, html5, javascript, c#, css.  code found at  github.com/paulfox310 
web developer ,software development are my passion .i am very obsessed about my passion.my specialties include quickly learning new skill , programming languages,problem solving ,
senior web developer .after bachelors in computer science & engineering, i have finished my masters in informatics from rit with a concentration in web & mobile computing and data analytics.over 2 years of professional experience in it industry and familiar with all phases of sdlc specially agile scrum methodology. some of my projects include     developed a sentimental analysis and recommendation system using machine learning multinomial na  ve bayes classification algorithm for movie reviews using java, jsp and servlet and displayed the results in tableau.     developed a classification model to classify and predict the class of different cuisine based on the ingredients information and even did data mining to find the association rules using python script and weka visualization.     developed a search engine implementing regex in c# visual studio for famous simpsons db database stored in the form of a csv file to retrieve the specific episodes details using mongodb.     developed the dtd for recipe xml database and designed a webpage displaying the ingredients, cooking procedures etc.     developed and designed a neo4j database for college students and professor details.     webpage for online shopping containing a select drop down element which dynamically creates another series of pull-down elements whose contents will depend upon the visitor   s previous choices.     developed web application for my college iste department in jquery consuming the rest api.      easyjobs  is a web-based project which is an online job portal using c#, html, css and microsoft sql server.     developed wpf desktop application for college iste department in .net c# consuming the rest api following mvvm architecture.  professional training -microsoft .net framework, five week training program conducted by new horizons learning center for csc indiapvt. ltd.  -sdlc (software development life cycle), one week boot camp program conducted by csc pvt. ltd.  -oracle certified advanced java, 3 months training program conducted by niit. 
i am a php developer. i have done my btech in computer science from dit university. currently working with codeblend labs pvt ltd as a web developer in baddi, hp. ,
full stack web developer , open source contributor in interesting technologies like react, node and mongodb. passion to experiment, solve problems and smash bugs.
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in react.js, node.js, php, javascript, jquery and bootstrap. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology - b tech focused in information technology from cvr college of engineering, hyderabad. ,
creative software developer with the ability to pick up new languages and technologies as needed. additionally, my marketing and customer support background allows me to collaborate with clients and teammates to create a thriving work environment.
a computer systems engineer / help desk analyst with  10 years commercial experience providing 1st , 2nd and 3rd level support for, telecommunications, retail, automotive, education, media, and systems integration organisations. specialising in the infrastructure designee, implementation and administration of  windows server and linux server, given support to laptops  desktops and servers, build (including point of sale) backups and disaster recovery solutions and remote support.   successfully supported, designed and implemented solutions for a number of commercial projects for medium to large enterprises providing a strong  business solutions in infrastructure and develop web  assuming roles in team or leadership for  project,  management, and infrastructure, excellent working in a team or autonomous worker with good team leadership and communication skills.  also a jr. web developer involved in the business and help them to grow up implementing new services and working in projects i have developed both the front-end and back-end systems.     strong learning and problem solving skills, excellent communication skills both written and verbal enabling effective client facing capabilities. , kuirozito 
experienced clerk with a demonstrated history of working in the logistics and supply chain industry. skilled in microsoft word, node.js, php, and c++. strong support professional graduated from university of nevada-las vegas. 
web developer with experiene in content development with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in c++,  microsoft excel, microsoft word, microsoft office, powerpoint and research. with a bachelor of technology focused in information technology from maharaja agrasen institute of technology. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in web development, android development, html, linux, and algorithms. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology (b.tech.) focused in electrical, electronics and communications engineering from indian institute of information technology. ,
a full stack developer | actively looking for a job ,  whatever i can do, i begin it with boldness which  has power and magic in it.,php web developer  ,hi there! i am a passionate software developer working primarily with javascript, node, and react. i'm actively seeking a software engineering role on a team that values connection & collaboration.   my career background began in marketing and hospitality but has grown into providing human-first technology solutions and applications. previous projects i've worked on also involved express, nosql (mongo) & sql, lamp stack, joomla, php, and redux. , revenaugh ,
fresh it graduate with exceptional strengths in handling critical problem-solving activities and technical troubleshooting. can quickly adapt to change and possesses eagerness towards learning and contributing to the organization. 
full stack web developer with graphic design background. lifelong learner and a problem solver always enthusiastic to work with creative people to learn from each other and solve bigger problems together as a team. constantly motivated in developing my skills and growing professionally.
i am a creative guy who loves javascript, nodejs, reactjs, react native and building apps with them. also an electronics hobbyist and youtuber at creativeje & padhega india ,
i'm a digital marketing pro turned web developer with a passion for imaging, making and market web apps to help people.  whether it is creating apps from scratch, connecting existing apps to apis or using existing tech to market and brand apps, i love helping companies use the internet and digital content to reach their audience and their goals.   specialties  front-end technologies (javascript, react, jquery, enzyme, html5, css3, es6, zeit/now),  back-end technologies (node.js (express), postgresql, tdd with mocha/chai, rest apis, json, supertest, authentication
i have over 4+ years experience as web development. my main objective is to provide best quality of services to my clients. i am flexible and have good business relationships with the people i work with. i can show you my responsibility, commitment and dedication towards your jobs.   i am proficient in a number of categories   *web software development *desktop software development *e-commerce web development *software testing *digital marketing *seo *web & mobile design.
ravel, codeigniter, mysql, html5, css3, ajax, javascript, sql, xml, api integration  i am always ready to accept the challenges in the it field with the great dedication.  welcome everyone who wants my service and you will not get any chance to be feel bad and you will surely get 100% satisfaction. ,
angular+ || nodejs || php || codeigniter || laravel || wordpress         i have 3+ years experience of professional programming with web design technologies. i have been programming for 3+ years,  and also have skills in html5, css3, jquery, twitter bootstrap, javascript, saas, less, photoshop, illustrator and psd to html. i have designed many responsive web page.  i have strong communicative skills, both in spoken and written english.   my skills  - angular+ || nodejs || php || wordpress || codeigniter || laravel  - bootstrap and media query for reponsive site. - backed development - stored procedure - social media sharing and login - payment gateway integration - seo   qualities that i promise to provide           timeliness           reliability          quality work          proficiency           excellence  anytime you can ping me for my best...  thanks for your consideration.  best regards, ,
i am a web designer(front end) i am an efficient public speaker and motivator. i know the skill of controlling the crowd. i also have knowledge of c language and python.
i am cordial and honest as a person and at the same time self- motivated and dedicated towards my work. i believe in myself, just one thing i need is the proper guidance and a chance to explore my potential...my biggest strength is that i am a quick and a keen learner..     quality is never an accident  it is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, intelligent direction and skillful execution  it represents the wise choice of many alternatives.    ,
3 years of experience as web developer/ front end developer.      strong experience in html5, css3, javascript, jquery, ajax, json, bootstrap, angular 2,     angular 4, angular 6, angular 8, prime ng,.      experience in creating spas by sing angular6/8.      experience in creating responsive web design using bootstrap and css3.      experience in developing user interface (ui) web application, web service application using     ui/ front end technologies like typescript, javascript, angular2/4/6, node js, angular cli     bootstrap and css frameworks.     strong front-end ui development skills using scripting languages like html5
expert and experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in asp.net mvc, aws & azure cloud, communication, and ms sql server, strong arts and design professional. 
experienced computer science specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the e-learning industry. skilled in java, html, github, intellij idea, and unix. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer engineering from stony brook university. ,
experienced php web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, mysql, ajax, java script .knowledge of html, css, web design, core java and  json . familiar with window and linux operating system.  engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering (b.e.)  in computer science & engineering from swami vivekananda college of science & technology bhopal. 
i am a full stack developer with experience building web-based applications. my core competency in full-stack development includes javascript, react, redux, angularjs, nodejs, html, css, mongodb, sql, mvc frameworks, and restful apis.  if you would like to collaborate on a project or connect,
my name is dakota, though i usually go simply by the name  ko . i am a front-end developer based out of the beautiful city of provo, utah. i'm constantly looking to challenge myself mentally and even physically! when i'm not coding and learning all i'm spending quality time with my wife and two dogs.  i'm always looking to better myself and to grow and evolve with others that will grow with me! i'm a very positive person always looking at the bright side of life but not scared to take on a challenge with means to do something great. also, i own a truck and can be  that  friend when you need to move.
2+ years experience in web developing.,i   m a painter and lead web developer at bluebird botanicals building full stack, accessible, responsive and adaptive code as a multi-million dollar e-commerce marketplace. i'm formally trained in ruby on rails & javascript in its many forms. i'm currently migrating a five-server monolith php e-commerce site to google cloud architecture  creating an expandable, sustainable development solution for a high volume business. i volunteer and value environmental and ecological sustainability and code for the greater good.
experienced owner operator with a demonstrated history of working in the transportation industry. skilled in search engine optimization (seo), cascading style sheets (css), javascript,html and react . strong entrepreneurship professional with an associate's degree focused in economics from the university of haiti.
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in sql, cascading style sheets (css), php,html, javascript, and jquery cordegnator. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of computer- bca focused in bca from mahatma jyotiba phule (mjp) rohilkhand university. ,
i   m a software developer, creative problem solver, and lifelong learner.    i   m fascinated with the power of computation to simulate natural systems and the emergent properties of the world. i   m passionate about the often invisible link between computation and creativity that defines innovation.   at rivalmind, creative problem solving and cutting-edge development defines our processes. our development team builds fully customized, strategically designed, and mobile-responsive wordpress websites     devised from the ground up to be user-optimized and google-ready. every client is unique. every project presents challenges. every moment demands a greater level of innovative thinking. einstein was right     the significant problems we face cannot be solved by the same level of thinking that created them.       superb user-experience demands cutting-edge websites. cutting-edge websites require the relentless pursuit of excellence. 
web developer  i   m sandeep kumar from noida. i'm a php web developer & website designer. i had spent 2+ years in the corporate world as a php website developer & designer.
i love to work in the fields as web development, game development and in photography. i hope working and learning in these fields will boost my creativity and give me some satisfaction of doing what i love to do. everything related to design by nature and i would like to follow its pattern for design. 
by profession i am a web developer. quite good experience in cloud server configuration, remote desktop computing, dedicated server hosting configuration. 
working as a php developer at stm development in meerut. i am currently working for burton snowboards as a web developer at their headquarters in burlington, vt.  my mission in life is to hold positions where i make an impact on the world in a positive way. therefore, i continue to try to get, and hold, comprehensive leadership and professional growth opportunities  handling unique situations, communicating, speaking publicly, working with various individuals, and always work towards accomplishing goals efficiently and delivering superior results.
i am a front-end web developer. my skills are new but i have gained a lot of quality experience in the courses i learned. i also know the basics of python and django and can do better if pushed forward.  i have created various clone of apps in order to learn how they work i.e whatsapp, instagram, telegram etc.  i am looking for a job in order to gain more experience. i am creating my own ios apps which will be released soon. ,
i have good experience in designing/development many small to large applications. i have 4+ years experience as a programmer with major skills php, codeigniter, laravel, mysql, ajax, angularjs, html5, css3, jquery, wordpress, magento. my passion to create website for my clients with iphone, ipad and mobile responsive website and build and seo empower websites. my objective is to provide in time services to the client as per specifications and accepting challenges to deliver the product keeping above all client satisfaction.  some technologies which i have mastered are       wordpress     codeigniter     laravel mvc framework     mysql     ajax     html5     css3     mobile application designer action speaks louder than words, lets turn your idea into reality! ,
i am a wordpress front-end developer. i have four year experience of front-end developer and two year of wordpress theme development. i am currently working on indomedi.com i have complete my bachelor degree bca from shri ram college affiliated by ccs university meerut. 
having experience in web ui design and developing for the website. -experience in  html5, css3, jquery, bootstrap, material ui, mysql, php, mysql, angular 6+, nodejs, mongodb. -experience in web designing using adobe photoshop cs5, corel draw. -ability to work as a team member or as an individual and confident in serving the best results. - knowledge of visual studio, eclipse ,tortoise svn  tool for the development of asp projects. - high degree of flexibility and ability to adapt to change in direction.  -experience of interacting with the client & understanding requirements. -experience of designing the layout, ui while achieving customer/user friendliness. -experience about editing and updating the css files. -editing images and updating the content. -uploading and updating files on server. -creating custom php forms & documenting the portal. -also creating  social media integration, embedding google  web icons. 
dynamic typing person like javascript     . a full stack js developer.  skilled in javascript ,html ,css and javascript frameworks.
i have sound knowledge of ionic framework  angular, node.js, mysql, mongodb ,currently pursuing final year in computer science & engineering.  interested in web development, app development, data science, programming & design.  passionate about puzzles & problem solving. creative & possess good interpersonal skills. constantly challenge myself to stay sharp & updated. love to make an impact in whatever job i take up and also complete it on time. open minded & love to explore, learn, experience and share knowledge. strongly believe in learning by doing. ,
designing modern, responsive web pages focus on small business, startups, communities and so on. help them to achieve their goals, grow their business or even just let everyones know they're here! , redon13 ,
i'm an entrepreneur at heart and have been a small business owner for the last 12 years within the construction and arboriculture industries. i've been a web developer since 2018. i'm highly interested in dev ops and ethical hacking although my current skillset lies in full stack web development. i would love to join a team of software developers and engineers to level up my game and continue to move forward in my career. , self-employed 
experienced wordpress developer & designer  with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in wordpress, html, css, javascript, php, and cms management. a strong information technology professional with a bca degree focused in web development, app development and design. 
software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in spring boot, spring mvc,hibernate, vue, java, and angular. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering. 
self-motivated web developer of 4+ years with the desire to build exceptionally usable websites. strengths include programming, user experience design, and strong communication skills. reliable web developer with a background in project management, specializing in back-end development. seeking to pursue a career where leadership and design skills can be used. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in customer service, digital marketing, microsoft office, social media, and web design. strong engineering professional graduated from the derby high school. 
as a developer, i'm excited about learning new skills and technology and am passionate about creating user-focused, intuitive applications. i love solving problems. 
web and mobile app developer ,i am a freelancer php developer. experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in cascading style sheets (css), java, php, c, and c++. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications (m.c.a.) focused in computer programming, specific applications from sinhgad institute of management. ,
web developer & #dental #seo consultant,highly skilled website developer ,experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology & services industry. skilled in e-commerce, php, wordpress, codeigniter, and magento. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused in computer science from rajasthan technical university. 
maturity its how we react and facing the problems, its only depends on problem solving and don't restrict your happiest moments. , anand_machi 
i have been working with startups in web development in php, web applications for more than 3+ years.  over the past 3 years, i got an experience of building great products from scratch with whole product ecosystem with strong backend and scalable architecture. i gained expertise in the following fields   - php - mysql - javascript, ajax & jquery - html & css, bootstrap - wordpress , bhadreshpithwa ,
software engineer | web developer | freelance developer .be a good person but don't waste time to prove it ,experienced senior php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, laravel, codeigniter etc.., jquery, html, javascript, and sql. strong engineering professional graduated from scet. ,
experience as a full stack developer and consultant in php, mysql ,vtigercrm, sugarcrm, epesi bim, joomla, drupal, zend, wordpress, codignitor, interspire (e-commerce), magento, javascript, jquery, extjs (sencha), angulajs, reactjs and android.   specialties  web technology (php
interest is chatting with my friends and friendly as i am are those online that make me feel interest to know a good idea of online business and getting more knowledge and getting success as a business man , satishkamble12 ,
innovative and determined php developer with 6+ years experience.  excellent at developing and maintaining client/server applications.  i am hardworking and a quick learner plus learn from my mistakes and never repeat them. i have specializations in magento , wordpress , yii, cakephp and codeigniter. excellent in mysql, jquery, ajax, xml and xslt as well. over these years i have made many projects until now and also made an transport erp and school erp which covers all sections in transport. looking forward to challenging opportunities.  * object oriented designing and implementation. * building api's and third party services. * strong analytical and problem solving skill. * good at architectural level programming. * believes in smart work. * in depth relational database designing. * quality oriented work. 
i have extensive experience and a thorough understanding of software development. i've been in the field now for around 16 years and believe that i possess a wide array of skills in my wheelhouse that makes me unique in my chosen area of expertise. while primarily a .net developer, i'm also very well versed in other languages such as java, php, etc. i have spent most of my time developing on the back and middle tiers, but i am also capable of designing a ui layout as well. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in web applications, php, wordpress, jquery, and apache. strong engineering professional graduated from c u shah college of engineering and technology. 
hi everyone! i'm yash deep dubey, i'm senior undergraduate in mechanical engineering department at university institute of technology, rgpv. i'm on the way of my journey and regularly updating myself with new things. i'm ambitious, detail-oriented, self-motivated guy and a long distance runner. possess elementary knowledge of design and simulation technologies software, and strong oral communication in english. i also have acquired some technical skills and soft skills through various platforms.      an enthusiastic fresher with highly motivated and leadership skills pursuing bachelors of engineering with specialization in mechanical engineering.     eager to learn new technologies and methodologies.
i am proud to say i am wed developer ,strategy, problem solving, technology, process improvement, business intelligence & analytics, leadership, digital transformation, organization, employee engagement, thoughtful design, community involvement, connecting the unconnected, building relationships, and business development are my strongest assets.  i   m a kansas native with a strong sense of curiousity and a ever-ending desire to improve myself both personally and professionally. i'm well-rounded, an information architect, a true visionary, a professional photographer, writer
full stack mern web developer, react native app developer. also efficient in working with lampp stack, nestjs, server management automation using bash, desktop app development using java and python, android app development using java and kotlin, experience in web app development. proficient in system administration and devops with great communicative and management skills. 
my mission is to help young people make informed decisions. full stack developer well-versed in numerous programming tools and languages. proficient in both backend and frontend development. highly effective at working on any part of the development process efficiently and accurately. a hardworking professional with remarkable technical abilities in software development.  skilled in php (framework- codeignitor), mysql, javascript ,mern (mongodb, expressjs, reactjs, nodejs), algorithms, linux and data structure.  strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology focused in computer science from faculty of engineering & technology agra college, agra. ,
a programmer, responsible for designing, coding and modifying websites, from layout to function. a lover of clean code, strive to create visually appealing websites that feature user-friendly design and clear navigation. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in front end development ( html, css, web design ) and back end development ( php, databases, codeigniter, expression engine, wordpress, drupal, cms, api integrations, and e-commerce). experienced in all aspects of web site, application development and mobile first practices. , kengrondell 
an msc computing professional with industry related experience consulting for clients such as facebook, mainone cable and vdreamtech as a software developer for web and desktop applications, managed network infrastructure, supervised data for various operating procedures through weekly report and working knowledge of managing it inventories and customer service. seeking a graduate opportunity in the technology/computing sector to further develop expertise and positively contribute towards the company   s success. ,
experienced senior software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in it industry. skilled in php, wordpress, jquery and ajax. strong engineering professional with a pgdca focused in computer science from punjab technical university. , maahi_mohit ,
looking for c2c positions , charter communications  ,i am working as a software developer. i like to share my skills and knowledge with my clients and colleagues and i always eager to learn new technologies for my personal as well as professional growth. *keep working*  skilled in javascript,  jquery, scss and other frontend ui technologies. , maitrey_jani 
i continue to hone my skills in working with well-coordinated teams and projects. presently, i focused on end-to-end web infrastructures, quickly evolving programming languages, frameworks and open source tools, including javascript, vue.js, ruby on rails, using test-first software development methodologies to build rich and intuitive interfaces and best of breed client-side applications built on cutting-edge database persistence layers including mysql. ,
jeff mankini is a multidisciplinary web developer and web designer from milwaukee, wisconsin. backed by nine years of experience, jeff has worked to bring web and design projects to life for clients like andy olen, datagrail, and the ripon historical society. clients can expect jeff to deliver an experience that is versatile, creative, and above all  ambitious. ,
i am an experienced start-up founder with a focus on software engineering and product management.  with my optimistic personality and ability to problem-solve under pressure, i serve as a great addition to any team. i'm looking for a collaborative and supportive environment with employees that care about and actively work towards positive social impact. i   m also highly skilled in leadership, media production, employee training, and technical troubleshooting. , scottkutler 
an enthusiastic professional with highly motivated and leadership skills. i will immensely interest in adapting web development innovations.     started web design and development age of 17      i was always updating myself for new technological challenges     as seo trainer i was trained 10+ best professional at arena animation ujjain     2 years working as supply it services at msrvvp ujjain.     aim to develop 1000+ websites in 100 different domains in the website world in a highly secured environment     our clients  - msrvvp ujjain, sant meera institute ujjain, arena animation, oxygen web ujjain      i run workshops on secure web designing and development     eager in implementation of each step of the project     eager to learn new technologies and methodologies     ability to produce the best results in pressure situations.  if web design  inspires you to let's talk 
web languages  php, angular, firebase node js, ajax, css, javascript programming languages  php, firebase, socket i/o databases  mysql, mysqli, sql server, firebase cloud development platforms  linux, windows ,
a hard working, results driven, integrated marketing professional. a proven ability to effectively plan, develop and manage multiple projects and budgets simultaneously with enthusiasm, creativity and accuracy to ensure continuous brand and business performance.   highly motivated to achieve the best end result possible. 
web user interface developer  ,experience in web  designing or system administrator with strong analytical skills, leadership skills, communication skills. have ability to manage multiple tasks and meet deadlines. 
working on many websites,with extensive experience building wordpress driven websites, html5, css3 and various web scripting technologies. hands on experience in creating, extending and customizing wordpress themes. comprehensive understanding of wordpress core software, database connectivity and its functions  my skills  # cms  wordpress # e-commer  woocommerce # scripts  php, html, css, js, ajax # responsive compatibility for tablet/iphone/ipad/mobiles # all popular browser compatibility # speed optimization # any kind of api integration  specialities  # wp theme / plugin customization # wp custom theme creation (website development from scratch) # conversion psd to wp theme or psd to html - pixel perfect websites # fixing issues on wordpress theme / wp plugin / css / html / php backend code # fixing issues on browser compatibility / mobile, tablet responsiveness # adding features on wp theme / wp plugin 
in-depth knowledge of php object oriented frameworks (laravel/ci frameworks), maintaining best code quality for frontend and backend development , noovosoft 
experienced web designer with a information technology. skills in html5, html,  bootstrap,  css,  css3,  photoshop, wordpress, email template responsive,  sublime, visualstudio, and dreamweaver. strong media and communication professional with a bachelor   s degree  in l.d.arts college from b a from ignou university ahmedabad (gujarat). 
i'm a web developer and designer freelance and digital marketing consultant based in jaipur, india and have been working since 2013. i have helped all my clients achieve great success online and can help you too.  my motivation comes from seeing extremely satisfied clients. my strengths are my creativity, experience and thought leadership.  web design & development freelancer, web development experts, freelancer digital marketing in jaipur, software development  skype - brahmanandd ,
i spend my time building new websites and tools while simultaneously willing quirky side-projects into existence. i also have an unhealthy obsession with elon musk, i tend to impulsively learn new things for no apparent reason, and i think indie music is pretty cool.   i like to keep things interesting by writing songs, acting on tv, and playing guitar. however, i also run cryptocurrency clubs, construct beowulf computing clusters, and design websites/vr experiences. i'm a sponge  i'm always ready to learn something new or master a current skill. it's also worth mentioning my weaknesses include being excessively excited and writing informal biographies.  front-end  react, javascript, html/css, jquery, ajax  back-end  node, express, postgresql, restful apis    tools  git, notion, postman, photoshop  other  github
dynamic, detail-oriented software engineer highly regarded for software engineering and designing/developing applications. recognized as an analytical engineer with a proven track record of excelling at learning new technologies and successfully applying them to develop clean and well-structured code. experienced at working on projects from initial idea and development phase (vision/analysis), performing all design/architecture work and delivering the completed product. outstanding presentation and communication skills and works exceptionally well within a team environment and individually.  i look forward to connecting with you! ,
web developer passionate about building joyful user experiences.   at my best when i   m building things.   skills include javascript, html, css, node, serverless, and aws.  currently learning react and gatsby.   i   ve done client work on these platforms as well  shopify, squarespace, square, and wordpress. , pickleat ,
my name is william fleckenstein, i am a front-end developer and ui/ux design specialist. i have 3+ years of experience working in both fields.  the group of technologies that i focus on are javascript, react, nodejs, mongodb, e commerce and front end stripe integration. in addition to programming, i offer services such as seo audits as well as design work.  please feel free to view my work below as well as my portfolio  discoverwill.io ,
i am working in the web development field from few years and the integration in the web development always excites me to come up with new ideas. i have developed web-apps using  various content management systems such as magento and wordpress. i have been creating a crm using php framework code igniter. working with codeigniter has actually  improved my programming skills as a core php developer , self-employed 
after the realization set  in that i won't be able to pursue my mtech(which was my dream) , due to my gate score, i spent days and nights looking for my dream job. well i am still spending nights searching for it ,and well sitting and writing about it here is one step ahead in that direction(i hope). my specialty is that i can give the best results under strict time constraints(this is cliche,but so true) and well, i am very hardworking(true again). apart from job hunting, i love reading novels/i love studying. i love shopping(typical) and i love coding. 
full stack software developer with experience in rails, react + redux, ruby, javascript, html, css, wordpress, and a background in legal and banking sectors.    i enjoy dealing with complex and original ideas while working with like-minded people in a creative and stimulating environment. above all, i am passionate about programming and learning new tools.   in my spare time, i enjoy connecting with people and exploring the surroundings with my camera.   currently working on these projects    - jolie. e-commerce (rails for the back-end, react for the front-end)  - lawyered. lawyer marketplace (rails for the back-end, react for the front-end)  - gotem. chrome extension (javascript, css, html). - interceptor (react and redux for front-end, node + express for the backend)
web developer with a passion for web application development and success in managing development projects using scrum, agile, and lean processes. skilled in conceptualizing, designing, development, and deploying software containing logical and mathematical solutions to business problems. dedicated to driving innovation with the ability to follow industry and technological trends, and facilitating early adoption of innovations.  skill highlights & technical skills      web development     cross-browser operability     project management     process improvement     workflow optimization     user requirements gathering     html/html5, css/css3, bootstrap4 and some of javascript es6 
my shopfloor mantra - a good design is all you need...rest is execution & consistency.  experienced web developer with a demonstrated work history in the information technology and services industry. skilled in cascading style sheets (css), java, php, c, and wordpress. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications (mca) focused in computer science from svits. ,
believe in networking and hardware(routing and switching) | network security l ccna l ccnp routine & switching l python l c programming like ositive person with motivation and enthusiasm to excel in every opportunity. i am focused, committed and hardworking, true to the faith representatives
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in sql,asp.net, c++, communication, and microsoft office. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in computer engineering from vadodara institute of engg., kotambi, waghodiya 080. 
full stack developer with recent experience on frontend frameworks - vuejs, vanillajs. previously worked as jack-of-all-trades with hands on many technologies ranging from - laravel to django, angularjs to vuejs, android to ios, aws, golang. 
i am a resourceful, and pragmatic front-end web developer, with over 3 years of experience. currently, i work as a developer/designer at a lead agency in carson, california. in my spare time, i volunteer as a remote developer, for a non-profit social organization called advance social innovation hq   d in mountainview, california. although i   m primarily self-taught, i   ve recently completed an apprenticeship, in which i developed, tested and deployed full-stack(client + r.e.s.t. api) applications, alongside peer and senior devs. i have experience with a myriad of front, middle and back end technologies and feel that my success as a developer is a direct result of insane technical curiosity, gluttony for    no-holds-barred    critical feedback, and a knack for catching on quickly! 
highly motivated and hardworking developer, currently living and working in minneapolis.  i have a background in web development, education, volunteering and mentoring.  my passion is to make the world a better, more beautiful place for everyone, using the power of technology.  self-defined jack of all trades, master of none  i may not know the answer to everything, but i'm excited to find it out.  infj  the advocate - works to realize their goals and make a lasting positive impact.  top 5 strength insight report themes  learner  great desire to learn and want to continuously improve restorative  adept at dealing with problems consistency   keenly aware of the need to treat people the same empathy  can sense the feelings of other people by imagining themselves in others    lives or situations achiever  has a great deal of stamina and works hard 
experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in web design, cascading style sheets (css), php, wordpress, and html. strong arts and design professional graduated from sutex bank college of computer applications & science. 
i'm mahak, i'd started my journey in tech with java, making small games like tic tac toe using arrays but now, here am i playing with javascript.   i'm a web developer who has learnt full-stack development but usually focuses on frontend development while working in teams.  apart from coding i love painting and sketching, so out of curiosity i had started playing around with digital designing tools and have ended up learning graphic designing along with ui/ux designing.  i have worked with 5+ companies and i strongly believe in the saying that nothing will happen until we put in the effort to make it happen 
need a website or mobile app    i'm glad to provide you with the solution. my experience in web designing/development field is ready to serve your business key facts       over 300 successfully completed projects      3 years of experience in development     8 years of experience in designing     a strong portfolio      designing tools (photoshop, illustrator, sketch, after effects)      web design (html, css, jquery, angular, bootstrap)      php (core, wordpress, codeignater, joomla, magneto, shopify)      app designs (android, ios, web apps)      believe in neat and clean work by using latest tools and following upcoming trends. ,
determined web developer offering 3 years of expertise in fast-paced departments. bilingual and well-spoken with ability to work closely with people of all different backgrounds and personalities. seeking an opportunity to oversee a team of exceptional developers in a well-esatblished company. 
i am undergraduate b.tech student who choose his passion as his carreer i.e computer science .i am a passionate programmer who loves coding and playing a techniques on computer .i think am  a researcher ,who is anxious about any topic of his interest  i give more attention to quality than quantity  a great follower of albert einstein because of my love in physics and he is god of his branch.i am person  confidence with fully devoted to my work.i dont interrupt in others matter unless it comes to me. my abilities are  leadership,managment,good communication skill,aperson of business mind 
java,php,wordpress, python, javascript, css,html,codingniter ,i am a front-end web developer. i am also involved in back-end development. i am self-motivated,creative and highly passionate about front-end development.  1-skills already have-javascript,bootstrap,html,css,sql server,angular.  2-skills which i am working on-react.js, node.js,mongodb,express.js i am looking forward to work in an environment where i could utilize my skills in creating user friendly minimalist web fornt-end and learn back-end js frameworks like node.js,express.js. 
motivate and passionate about web development .a javascript developer by practice.strong engineering professional and pursued bachelor of technology (b.tech) focused in computer science from kiit university. 
full-stack software developer, and aspiring unicorn with perseverance, curiosity, grit and a growth mindset.  a creator & software engineer with a knack for ux design            hi! i'm a computer science undergrad, currently dedicating time towards improving my knowledge of software engineering principles and best practices while managing web development projects in multiple college societies and an ngo, vivaann. i'm currently actively looking for full-time opportunities for an sde-i role around web solutions & devops.  i am passionate about design     whether it is about the user experience, the interface or the architecture. the impact it has on any given service, business or startup's success is what inspires me to strive for better. i aim to create a more empathetic environment for everyone through clear, conducive design.  i've written a few articles in several places, the most popular one being published in noteworthy, a medium publication with a viewership of 45k+ readers. i also organise technical contests and workshops under csi, gitam student branch. reach out for collaboration!  my personal blog is up now, being refreshed with my latest works and articles on software engineering & design. i'm always listening for feedback so do leave a message! ,
i'm ex-student of iit delhi and i'm single to. right now working in microsoft usa as a sr.web developer and designer also. i'm from india. i'm professional in this field.
web accessibility and user experience (ux) principles, research and design ,experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, jquery, java, html, and javascript. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications - mca focused in computer software engineering from g.h. raisoni college of engineering nagpur. ,
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, mysqli, web design, software design, and html. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in computer engineering from apollo institute of engineering and technology. 
senior full-stack engineer with over 12 years professional experience developing over 130 large-scale, dynamically driven websites and web applications. extensive experience working with html, css, sass, vanilla javascript, javascript libraries, jquery, php, mysql and have a deep passion for javascript related technologies and frameworks such as react.js and node.js.  #                                                                                              -               html,  css,  sass,  bem,  flexbox,  css grid ,  javascript es5 / es6/7,  jquery,  react.js                     -               node.js,   express.js
i am a software engineer that specializes in full-stack web development. i love to learn, build, and solve problems! life as a web developer gives me the opportunity to do all these things in spades. my education background is in business administration (bachelors of science) from university of the pacific, social/human services (certificate) from seattle central college and full-stack web development from galvanize, inc.  technical skills - languages  javascript (es6), html5, css3 - frameworks & libraries  react w/ redux, angular, react native, bootstrap, reactstrap, semantic ui, express  - version control  git, github, bitbucket , gitlab - backend   sql (postgresql), restful apis, mvc structure
full stack (ui/ux     focused) developer working in the seattle area.  i break eggs to make omelettes. i believe in moving fast and that perfect is the enemy of good. move forward, build cool stuff without fear.  i am an experienced full stack developer focused on ui and ux. i love programming and building things. i am open to trying new ideas, languages or just technology in general.  i care about code quality, maintainability, and readability.  i am language and framework agnostic but currently heavily interested in vue.js, react, python and c# among others.  top qualities                                                         not a jerk     cares about craft     gets things done  accomplishments                                                                        successfully delivered over 20 high quality professional web applications, including enterprise level saas web apps     integrated and developed several slick ui/ux heavy charts, grids, and dashboard components     delivered websites from mockup stage to fully featured pixel perfect implementations     designed and implemented database components, import/export scripts, and query performance analysis     implemented test strategy from unit tests to automated integration testing     improved seo & google page rank for multiple websites     created nerd fonts  iconic font aggregator, collection, and patcher     created vimdevicons  adds icons to popular vim plugins     extended feature set and optimized performance of custom js datagrid by 90% cross browser     built new processes and automated build tasks     improved various websites performance through minification, css sprites, and tooling recommendations  technologies                                                         web frontend/ui  javascript, angularjs, react
web developer with design experience and project management background. i love keeping myself busy all the time with the things like traveling, writing and job searching. i work hard to achieve my goals. at times i write poems, blogs and stories, it   s a passion for me. i create innovative ideas in such a way that it brings success to the company i work for. never giving up attitude is my secret to success.  i am a b.tech graduate in computer science.  i have worked in tech mahindra hyderabad for 2 years as an associate software engineer under the skills like java, javascript, html, css and javascript . my previous job experience has been a good one. the environment in which i worked was a success-driven and a team-oriented one. we were assigned with different kinds of projects which required to develop web pages using javascript.   intend to work with leading organization of hi-tech environment with dedicated people and abilities that offers professional growth while being resourceful and innovative.. immediate joinee for it jobs. 
javascript developer at day on zoho && open source contributor at night  ,ability to work hard in any situation.love to work in a team 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in java, node.js, spring framework & hibernate, c++, and jquery. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in computer science from punjab technical university. 
ompassionate software developer with 7 months of experience at retail business services, an ahold delhaize usa company and 3 years of experience at infosys ltd. currently pursuing masters from northeastern university in information systems. proficient team player, hardworking and a toastmaster international certified competent leader.   my interests are to become a versatile and skilled full stack developer and looking forward to these future opportunities.  technical skills      programming languages          java, javascript, swift, python, shell scripting, c#     web technologies                    nodejs, express, react, angular, jsp, html, css, sass, bootstrap     database                                   mongodb, mssql, mysql
software developer, problem solver, technology enthusiast  ,i've always had a love for all things analytical and logic-oriented. ever since the grade school logical problems of  grass is to green as sky is to ________ , i was hooked on solving puzzles of all forms. whether it be a crossword puzzle or a math homework problem, i couldn't get enough of having a problem and working my way towards the answer. after all, math problems are just puzzles with numbers and variables. this is what eventually lead me to pursuing a degree in mathematics.  in addition to math, i have found a love for programming, which i experienced for the first time while at university. despite the brutal introduction that so many people face when learning programming, i learned to absolutely love the process of banging my head against the keyboard and screen until i hit that magical moment when i run my code and it finally works the way i intended. because of this immense satisfaction that programming gives me, in addition to the opportunity to create, i enrolled at a full-time, full-stack web development bootcamp hosted by the university of denver. it has been the best decision of my life and every week i crave the knowledge that allows me to create powerful and beautiful web applications.  i hope to someday use my analytical, logical, programming, and interpersonal skills to be successful enough that i can make a significant difference in the world. whether i am building web applications that improve people's lives or supporting/volunteering with charities, my life mission is to use the gifts  i've been given to improve other's lives and i can die happy if i am able to create a brighter future for even a single person (but it will, of course, be millions by the time i'm done here).  thank you for taking the time to read this and have a great rest of your day! ,
enthusiast with a good knowledge of web development. experienced senior frontend developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in mysql database, php, jquery, angular js. strong information technology professional with a electronics and communication focused in communication from fisat. , 7chipposts 
to work in a professionally managed, open culture, innovative organization in order to fulfil the organizational as well as individual goals & to secure a challenging position where i can effectively contribute and process competent management and  technical skills. , prateeksingh480 ,
i am looking for a job to the website designer and seo executive  ,4+ years of professional experience and expertise in php and it's contrasting frames, wordpress development copes up with theme integration and creation.   i am a full stack developer, i aim at 100% client satisfaction & 360-degree job success score. alongside a keen eye of observation, i am a detail-oriented, punctual and tech-savvy individual.  including the skills mentioned above, i am individually able to analyze, design and develop all types of complex projects. not just that, i am well versed in designing a portion of html, csss3, bootstrap4, saas and do on.  keeping the objective of satisfying the need of my client i ensure that my work is of apex quality. right from developing a responsive website to a web application - the quality of work and cost incurred is the sole parameter where i weigh my work.  in my career span, i have been building large corporate websites using custom functionality creating a backend that's user-friendly even for the non-coders.  if you still wish to know more, why don't you connect with me! thanks and regards. ,
i am a full stack web developer. i have 1yr+ experience of react and nodejs. i have created some nodejs websites, designed landing pages, react serverless websites with cloud firestore and cloud functions and mern stack webapps. i have also shipped some websites to my clients. i am also very much regular in open source.  if you're interested, checkout my github profile and contributions  
i'm proficient in html5, css3, javascript, react, wordpress and git.,fullstack developer with expertise in bootstrap, reactjs, nodejs, express and mongdb. working on skills of android development using dart. ,
i want to learn more and experience new things!  motivated php developer seeks employment as part of a dynamic software development team. fluent in several programming languages. , sachinmoorthy ,
a technology enthusiast. blogger. chai lover.  founder, infokoala  i have a certain thing for tech, and you will always find me behind the lenses and the screens.  i prefer living one day at a time, with a cup of tea, ummm maybe some chocolates and creams, but my mind resides in vitamins and proteins. i tend to workout sometimes. ,
software engineer looking for a new challenge in the technical automation  ,i have always had a passion for creating things. nowadays, i use this creativity to build and develop software to impact, excite and positively influence people.   i am working as a python developer for my organization.
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the digital marketing industry. skilled in custom wordpress theme development and html email development. graduated from university of utah - david eccles school of business. 
automation engineer and developer with a passion for continuous learning, improvement and delivering highest quality contributions. with experience in javascript, angular, c#, selenium and asp.net core and a background in testing and troubleshooting, i discovered automation and development through my desire to create and innovate. as a self started, i bring strong skills in problem solving, prioritizing and designing that help software companies deliver stable software to their customers. i bring a fresh perspective to solving complex problems and always look for ways to challenge and grow myself and help the people around me to the same. 
result driven web developer with experience in php, code igniter framework, w3c compliant html & css. analytical and detail oriented. working knowledge of on-page seo, website speed optimization and social media marketing and optimization. keen to learn new things and explore new ways am all set to discover me with a craze for creativeness and dedication to work,      experience on codeigniter framework with a clear understanding of mvc pattern.     experience in web designing and handling digital marketing projects like social media marketing, on-page technical seo and speed optimization.     ability to write php program on ci framework.     knowledge of using linux systems     understanding of api integration and api development.     experience with microsoft office suite, including outlook, word, excel, and powerpoint 
php web developer ,i have expertise in following fields       core php    joomla     laravel     codeignitor     css     wordpress   working on your job, i will provide proper documentation on each solved task. with each service, no matter how small or big, i will provide a detailed report and documentation.  range of services includes below   - custom wordpress theme development - custom wordpress plugin development - installing and configuring themes and plugins - custom post type integration - psd to wordpress - responsive design - ecommerce websites ,
2 year in front end development     5 years in ghraphics     1 year in php development 3 social media marketing , html, css, javascript, jquery, react, vue.js, laravel, wordpress, angular, typescript, github, sass, grunt, gulp, google cloud platform, webpack, npm
the only way to learn is to do, i am passionate about solving challenging problems while focusing on customers' requirements based off data, intuition, and experience to back up the how and why.  i am always up for a new challenge, and flourish in new environments -- always eager to learn and do more. ,
highly motivated to work into new technologies and skill sets ,experienced business developer and self-taught web developer, with a pragmatic, solution-oriented mindset and a keen interest in strategy and effective communication. i enjoy building relationships, working in cross-functional teams and solving problems. ,
born and raised in los angeles while having spent a year in texas. although my time in texas was short, i can proudly say i have adopted the southern hospitality which is something i carry with myself everywhere i go. in my spare time i love to solo travel, attend seminars and listen to podcasts about investment, leadership development and building the right mindset. i enjoy the challenge of jumping outside of my comfort-zone in order to develop mentally and physically and am a huge believer that the day you stop learning is the day you stop living. on the side, i have my own clothing brand known as stay ambitious  the message behind my brand is to promote wellness and inspire oneself to reach their full potential. i live and breathe what i stand for and love seeing and helping others develop.  throughout the last five years, i have dedicated my time working in the logistics/supply chain field. while i have gained a lot of expertise in my field, i found myself wanting more of a challenge. i decided to experiment on the side and came across coding. i was inspired by how much there was to learn and how anyone can create their own world. just like creating my own clothing brand, i love seeing my creations genuinely connect with others. that was when i became passionate about coding and decided to change careers.  overall, not only will i bring new ideas, a team player attitude, and a growth-driven mindset into my role but i will pour my heart into any work environment to ensure my work will always exceed expectations. brief descriptions of my applications can be found on my resume. ,
experienced web programmer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in microsoft excel, customer service, microsoft word, strategic planning, and microsoft office. strong engineering professional graduated from vishwa vishwani institute of technology 
intuitive ui/front end developer with three years of experience in web development and design creating user-friendly websites.  proven experience leveraging graphics and web design to provide insightful user experience with creativity, determination to drive excellence. a graduate of northwestern university, full stack web development program with the knowledge and expertise to maximize user engagement. , ogike27 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the research industry. skilled in html, cascading style sheets (css), bootstrap, dreamweaver, adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator. beginner in javascript, drupal and wordpress. strong engineering professional with a be - bachelor of engineering focused in electronics and communication from ssn college of engineering. 
i'm web designer i have knowledge about html, css, bootstrap, photoshop , senior web developer specializing in front end and back end development. experienced with all stages of the development cycle for dynamic web projects. well-versed in numerous programming languages including html5, php oop, javascript, css, mysql. strong background in project management and customer relations. 
a third year undergraduate engineering at pccoe&r with interests in a mobile application development (android + flutter), ml, ai and web development.    i am skilled in the competitive programming as well as have developed many projects till now.  programming languages -    c, c++, java( core +advance) , python.      web technology -    html, css, javascript, php, jsp     database -    mysql, postgresql, mongodb.     frameworks -    android, flutter, bootstrap, nodejs, mean stack.     other skills -    1. decision maker.    2. team leadership    3. interpersonal communication    4. agile and scrum ,
stack developer with experience in building web applications for business and clients.  if you are viewing my profile, i would love to meet you. i enjoy learning about people's journey and exchanging knowledge to help each other grow. 
software. react, redux, aws, gcp, javascript es6, coffeescript, typescript, golang, nodejs, vue, angular, ci/cd, jenkins, docker, tdd, mocha, jest
i am a highly motivated, hardworking developer and team lead, quick to learn and develop skills.  always polite, punctual, friendly and reliable with experience of being under pressure, i have worked in a range of developer roles.  as well as being confident and competent prioritising tasks, i also enjoy leading and  working with a team. my main skills are based around front-end web development, with a particular interest in performance, scss and accessibility. i also have an interest in full-stack development, with a particular interest in using aws to deliver highly available applications. i'm also a stem ambassador, doing my bit in encouraging young people into a stem career. , andymsuk 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in sql, php, xhtml, jquery, and databases. strong engineering professional with a good focused in cis from yarmouk university. 
i   m versatile full stack developer. i have extensive years of experience developing android and ios mobile application using multiple design patterns. i   m interested in dive new evolving technologies with artificial intelligence and machine learning.  i work as a technical lead at tecocraft ltd.  and  currently engaged with multiple global clients across numerous industries and b2b tech companies.  i   m really fascinated in developing cross-platform mobile apps using xamarin, flutter, rich-client web applications and fully-architecture, secure, performant end-end cloud solutions.   -----------------------------------------my experience-------------------------------------------------------------  i   m deeply familiar and working with these technical skill sets   programming languages  swift, objective-c, java, kotlin   database   mysql, sqlite, mssql, coredata source control  github, slack, jira, bitbucket, confluence, trello, basecamp
i enjoy my work, because my work is my passion.  i am a software engineer and backend developer with experience in developing high quality and highly scalable web applications for clients, enterprises, and startups. i also have experience in handling the whole tech stack of the company (picntic travels) by myself (frontend, backend, cloud services, servers, deployment, and system administration). currently, i am pursuing a bachelor of technology from poornima college of engineering, jaipur.  skills  entrepreneurship, freelancing, business oriented tech development,creation of highly scalable backends, problem-solving through data structures and algorithms, very good communication skills, public relations  technology stack  c, c++
i have 0.5 year of experience as a devops and 2 years of experience as a developer.  i'm node.js(express) developer, also i worked in python too. currently i'm learning reactjs. working with mongodb and sequel too. as i worked in devops, having knowledge about server hosting, management, migration etc.  i'm more passionate about programming but i started my carrier as a devops. i have good logical approach on anything. have skills to grasp new things frequently.   my personal interest is in coding.  mongodb express reactjs nodejs  kind of a mern developer!     ,
i   m a software developer with 4 years of experience in both web and mobile app. i have worked on html5, css, bootstrap, material design,js,  jquery, angular js, angular 2x & 4x 9x, node js, mongo db web technology.  until recently, i build e-commerce website for buy and sell of pre-owned book which include angular-material design and firebase google cloud based database.  also worked for core banking solutions  to create dashboard to analyse growth by charts and tabular data.  working in indian railway personal android project to get basic info about indian railways like   1.pnr status.   2.running status   3.train between station and many more .. ,
experienced frontend web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in angular js, react js,  jquery, html5,  javascript, css3, bootstrap, c#, dot net mvc, json etc. strong engineering professional with a master of technology - mtech focused in embedded system from rk university. 
an ambitious and driven individual with 5 year of experience as a front-end web developer holding expertise in html, css, sass, wordpress, javascript, dreamweaver and rich media ads. proven ability to adapt and work under pressure in a fast-paced working environment, meeting highest standards and deadlines, as well as working closely as part of a team, simulating members to achieve targets and goals. also holds knowledge at progressive level in multiple ad servers including google ad manager, adform and flashtalking. 
having website design & development portfolio varies from new businesses to large corporates. having  growing portfolio and experience in e-commerce development, website design, website development, web portal development, mobile development, software development and website promotion (ex. google, msn, yahoo etc), domain registration, website hosting, cloud computing services and continuously improving client management.whether you want to have a completely new website designed or customize or redesign your old one, i am here to help. every new project is a challenge for me to prove my skills and to satisfy customer   s needs in every possible aspect. ,
energetic web designer with 2 years of experience creating and maintaining  functional, attractive, and responsive websites for companies. clear understanding of html, css, bootstrap, materialize, javascript, photoshop, illustrator, coreldraw, adobe xd, adobe dimension, lunacy, sketch and figma with modern technologies. ,
i am working as a junior web developer for the last 2 years, and the projects i   ve been involved in have ranged from simple web applications used by thousands of users every day. most of the applications that i   ve worked on are still in use today. whenever i   ve worked in a team with other engineers, i   ve always been one of the people that have worked the hardest, and who were responsible for making sure that the applications actually worked. that led me to help and collaborate with other people (who had other responsibilities on the same project), so i got to learn various technologies. my favorite language is php, and i   ve worked with technologies and frameworks such as codeigniter, laravel, java script, jquery, etc. i also have a lot of experience with web design (html, css, bootstrap, wordpress) database systems. 
developer  weekfire. web-development, web ui designing, app ui designing, wordpress development, digital marketing.  web developer and full-stack designer who specializes in ux/ui development. my skills range anywhere from front-end development (html5, css3, sass, javascript(reactjs, jquery), bootstrap, wordpress, drupal, responsive web design and web applications) to user experience & user interface design (ux research, wireframing, visual designs, mockups, ui elements, prototyping, and usability testing). i enjoy building a variety of websites from simple small business sites to rich interactive websites.   i am also a sr web developer for the city of chandler. i graduated from asu ira a. fulton schools of engineering with a bachelor of applied science in internet and web development. if you are a business needing a little help with your web presence, please get in touch with me. , rosendo_fig 
experience developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry include web and mobile app development, marketing, seo, smm etc.  skilled in sql, php, wordpress, business development, and business strategy. strong business development professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in engineering from rajiv gandhi prodyogiki vishwavidyalaya. , ankitasingh2a 
after discovering my passion for web/app development, i couldn   t get enough. i used my strengths to build extensive projects and full stack applications. i   m looking forward to bringing that passion to a full-time role.
i am a hardworking & good learner. i am learn some fact related to life. i am self-motivated.  experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in wordpress, jquery, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), and adobe photoshop. , jaydeep87587 ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the outsourcing/offshoring industry. skilled in php, git, node js, mongodb. strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in angular,react,php,android.from shri chimanbhai patel institute of computer applications. 
experienced php web developer. skilled in html,css,js,ajax,jquery,corephp, mvc, codeigniter, wordpress, and opencart.  strong engineering professional with a master of engineering focused in computer engineering from b h gardi college of engineering & technology. 
skilled in web development and wordpress development. currently working as a  web developer.   my name is amit mehra, i have good knowledge in website development,  wordpress based sites and woocommerce, with added skills in web design, html, css, js, jquery, bootstrap and core php.  area of expertise   ||technical skills||  1. html  2. css 3. java script 4. bootstrap 5. wordpress 6. php 7. photoshop 8. jquery   i have completed mca now looking for a better opportunity in the field of web development or software developement. please let me know if there is any opportunity for me.
i would be happy to learn just half the stuff i already thought i learned.      i am an ambitious creative looking to add as much value as i possibly can to the lives all the great people in my life from family, friends and my peers. when given, it is always returned 10 times greater.  my passion lies in the web development and ui/ux & graphic design fields. being able to create awesome, memorable and bada$$ content for the world to see is what drives me. it also proves to me that i am capable of so much more than i think i am at times.
a front-end developer in statinfer software solution with a strong background in html 5, css3, bootstrap framework, css animation, javascript/jquery, php/mysql, wordpress, photoshop, search engine optimization(seo) google web master tool, google analytics, web debugging tools like firebug, chrome inspector etc. , pnayak_5 
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in  php, codeigniter, cascading style sheets (css), sql and wordpress. strong engineering professional with a engineer   s degree focused in computer science and engineering from shri vaishnav institute of technology & science, baroli, sanwar road, indore. 
codeigniter, php, ajax, jquery, javascript, bootstrap, rest api, laravel, mean stack and react js  ,i   m a  multi-disciplinary ui developer & web designer who   s delivered creative and engaging elucidations across brand identity, web application, api, and digital media.      over 3 years of web development experience, with proven background successfully managing all facets of site development, from initial design and architecture to site deployment and client management.     to become a successful professional in a highly competitive technological world where performance is rewarded with new challenging responsibilities and to serve a reputed growth oriented industry in the field of design, development and maintenance.     demonstrated ability to complete high-end projects in deadline-oriented environments.     adept at successfully revamping web sites to enhance user satisfaction and retention time, streamline navigation, and increase ad revenue and sales.     specialities  javascript, react, node.js, python, haskell, web development, web designing, application developer, innovation
creative and dependable word press developer with 9+ years experience in creating outstanding and interactive websites. complete understanding of wordpress core software, database connectivity and its functions. having experience in creating, extending and customizing wordpress themes and plug-in. strong knowledge in installing and configuring wordpress multisite. key responsibilities      construct digital platforms including promotion sites, web applications, ecommerce sites and digital products on wordpress.     handle with wordpress plug-in, short codes, function and the loop. use popular wp plug-in and wordpress api and customize plug-in code, as required.     capability to understand business / plan goals and translate them into well-documented, clean code.     writing seo friendly and performance optimized code. work closely with the front-end developer to put together the finished product.     coding of custom wordpress theme and template files using html, css, php, and bootstrap 3 framework.     deployment from local environment to staging then to production using git and a private repo on bitbucket.     use of custom post type, custom field type, and jquery to create testimonial carousel.   ready to do      wordpress site migration     creating new page or custom post type in existing wordpress sites     bug fixing   skilled in concept of oops, php, mysql and relative web development languages. as a part of job, has created real time web applications
experienced frontend developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in sass, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), angularjs, and html. strong information technology professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer & engineering from government engineering college, patan. ,
experienced junior software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in management, cascading style sheets (css), php, html, and mysql. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications focused in php, asp.net from b h gardi college of engineering & technology. ,
i'm a web developer and an information technology undergraduate. i have an interest in designing and developing creative applications which enhance user experience. my key strengths are working efficiently and thinking creatively. 
offering 5+ years and more than 40 websites of progressive experience in owning web-based projects from concept and design through testing, implementation and client updates. successful providing efficient and accurate technical assistance to customers on website backend, domain, ssl and hosting. ,
looking up for a career extension with an organization with the efforts and knowledge for the beneficial purposes and growth of the organization.  a highly driven creative web designer, developer and ux/cx expert, with over ten years    experience working with organisations across the globe.  focusing on block-chain, machine learning and angular.  currently launching an app to help sme & demonstrate on how we can improve user experience in ecommerce with the help of ai.  if you are interested more please pm.        excellent knowledge of html5, css, less, sass and ajax     excellent knowledge of javascript, frameworks(angular + angular ssr)     excellent knowledge of responsive design and development     practical experience with javascript libraries     excellent knowledge/awareness of usability, accessibility, cross-browser issues and solutions     excellent knowledge of adobe cloud such as photoshop and illustrator     excellent knowledge of ux/ ui/ cx     practical knowledge in developing with apis (rest, xml, json, nodejs)     experience with nodejs, php, back-end technologies     excellent knowledge of agile(scrum, kanban), jira
having 3.6 years experience professional experience in front end developer.  html using div according to w3c & html5, css, css 3, javascript, jquery, css3 animation and responsive design. bootstrap sass/lass frameworks.  to be associated with a firm, that provides career development opportunities and contributes in its progress through my knowledge and skill. ,
hello friends, welcome to my professional network.  i have around 5+ years of experience in web development field using php and javascript programming language.worked cms like wordpress, open cart, shopify as well as frameworks like codeigniter, cakephp, yii2, nodejs. felling happiness to do any programming work.      i have a good knowledge of cakephp, codeigniter(ci), wordpress - php.      i egar to know more and more related to programming world.      i also have very good knowledge in mysql and complex query.      work well with tight deadlines.      good problem solving skills.      specialties      website/web application development/crm     php     wordpress, opencart, shopify etc.     cakephp, codeigniter     javascript     jquery     css3     html5 - bootstrap     ajax     web service/api     database - mysql, postgresql ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. strong engineering professional skilled in python with django and networking. , zaw soft 
specialties - seo expert,smm,ppc,link buliding,php,all framework,laravel,web design and developing,photoshop,ms office,business analytics,software testing etc. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, wordpress, javascript, jquery and bootstrap. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in computer science from dav college,amritsar. 
i am dedicated person . i enjoy travelling ,like new technologies and gadgets , my ability to plan, schedule, programming, management and handle many different tasks at once. 
before i joined codeflies last year, i didn   t know much about web development. so i took this as an opportunity to learn something new that i hadn   t learned in my college. after a little bit of research, i came to know about things like html, css and javascript. little did i know that this was bare minimum needed for web development, and the actual process went much deeper than that. so here i would like to write about my training experience and the things. i have learnt in this past 6 months.  the javascript training began after the basics, and it was after this that i knew that web development was not as easy as i had thought. this was different than any other programming language i had learnt, having things like objects and closures. after working on js for almost over a month, i had backbone.js training, where i learnt about the mvc architecture.   as i learned all these things, i faced a lot of challenges. one of the mistakes i made was not going through the basics before jumping into the frameworks, because of which i had to go back and review my js training. another mistake i made was not taking styling elements seriously, which has given me some issues occasionally.  in conclusion, my first year as a web developer has been full of training and learning new things, and i   m loving every part of it. one of the best moments for me is the    aha    moment, that brief instance, when, suddenly
i am shubham kushwaha and working in vortex global services, lucknow as web designing and web developer.i have three and half year experienced in php, wordpress and shopify and web maintenance.i have a lot of knowledge in programming skill  html. css, javascript, jquery, php, and database use my sql. i use designed tool dreamweaver, notepad+ +.  working on many websites, with extensive experience building wordpress driven websites, shopify websites, html5, css3 and various web scripting technologies such as jquery, javascript. hands on experience in creating, extending and customizing wordpress and shopify themes.  my skills   # cms  wordpress, shopify. # e-commer  woocommerce. # scripts  php, html, css
thank you for reading my summary.  sr. laravel developer   regards ravikant patel  ,i have lots of huge ambitions in life, all of them orientated around helping people with software. i am so passionate about programming. i have done it since i was 13-14 years old(i'm 22 at current), and haven't stopped since!   i am a full stack web developer, it's my job and my hobby. i have worked for multiple semi-large companies and produced scale-able web applications.  the majority of the companies that come to me, are orientated around social media(i have years of experience with sm, and their available api's). they are all in need of some form of automation, to make their day to day business tasks a lot easier and allow them to make more profit, in less time.  not only can i efficiently work alone for large companies. i can also work in teams,  and manage my time effectively.  thank you for reading my bio - i hope we can work together on some software! , itsmrsammeh ,
i love applying responsive design principles and watching my web pages shrink into mobile screens and still look amazing. it   s oddly satisfying. i think in a way i   m kind of like those web pages  i   m moldable, but i still keep my creative flare intact. my specialties include quickly learning new skills and programming languages, problem solving, responsive design principles, website optimization, and model view view model (mvvm) and model view controller (mvc) methods of organizing code. so far, i have javascript, html, css, python, c, c++, java, php, mysql, jquery, bootstrap
microsoft certified professional & microsoft certified solutions associate  web applications  holding 9+ years of rich experience in developing web based application.  worked as senior .net developer, full stack developer, backend & c# developer, software developer roles in my career using technologies asp.net web forms, asp.net mvc, c#.net, vb.net, sql server, html5, entity framework, bootstrap, jquery, angular js, angular 2.0, web api, wcf services, ail services
i   m a graduate of devry university with a bachelors in multimedia design and development. i have a passion for design so i   m proficient in all things that relate to development technology. i   m an energetic individual who has been freelancing and doing contract work since february 2013 with my own brand ledjendary media. currently, i am seeking new opportunities in the field of web development and design. my discipline and organization is an asset to any team. nonetheless, my name is larry gray.  s k i l l s p r o f i l e - 6 years web development/design experience - wire framing, muse, webflow, axure rp pro 7.0, invision proficient 5 years - ui/ux responsive design layout including prototyping (proficient with ui/ux tools as well as a/b testing, card sorting, and data driven prototyping) 4 years - html5, css3, javascript, jquery, php proficient, wordpress proficient 6 years - flash knowledgeable 2 years - cms user management (wordpress proficient, joomla and drupal knowledgeable) 4 years - seo/ sem 4 years - proficient adobe creative suite software  including photoshop and illustrator, indesign, premiere pro, and dreamweaver. 4 years - mac os x/ windows proficient - experience with agile/scrum methodologies. - proficient in designing/developing email layouts utilizing html/css (knowledgeable with constant contact
i have more than 7 years of viable experience in web application development, website designing, e-commerce development, e-learning portal development, seo, social media optimization, and marketing.  i also develop and design hybrid & web view android apps, business management and automation software,  corporate slides, explainer videos, video sales letter,  e-learning materials for smart classes, newsletter design & automation.  i help businesses and professionals in their web development, seo, integrated seo tools in their websites
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, api development, jquery, codeigniter, and ajax. strong engineering professional with a msc.it focused in computer science from department of computer science, . ,
senior full stack developer.      15+ years of it experience in analysis, design, development, implementation and testing of web based, client-server and n-tier architectures.     proficient in front end ui development using html, ajax, css (cascading style sheets), java script, jquery and angularjs.     experience in developing web-centric applications using angularjs, backbonejs, extjs, nodejs, javascript, jquery, css3.     highly experienced with modern javascript frameworks and libraries like angularjs, nodejs, backbonejs, ext-js and bootstrap and jquery.     enhanced user experience by designing new web features using mvc framework like angular js and node.js.     used ajax calls through angularjs to populate the data tables on the front-end. built web-based mobile application for smartphones
web developer with js platform handy with js library like react js, node js, electron js, fabric js and many more.  creative design & multimedia institute , team lead 
junior developer with 6 months of experience in full stack web application development and support using .net core 2 and angular 2+. also experienced in database management and analytics. consistently successful in meeting milestones and accommodating changes in an agile sdlc. handles communication, problem solving, and project management expeditiously and comprehensively. 
i am happy to be part of a team that fuels customer driven innovation by finding qualified customers to participate in user research. the folks at intuit truly value opinions and want to make the best products possible and this is achieved by talking to the consumers that actually use them.   i am also a freelance full stack web developer. i have over a year of self- and professionally-taught hands on programming and development experience creating both personal and professional projects.  i also love brewing beer. i currently brew on an all-grain  fully-electric setup i made myself and i have been brewing on and off since 2008. i also have a passion for playing music, running, and technology. if you want to chat about any of the above, please reach out! ,
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in event planning, microsoft excel, php, e-commerce, and ci. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering (be) focused in computer science from g.k. bharad institute of engg., kasturba dham, rajkot 059. , shailu_2296 ,
i create thoughtful experiences for humans and propel brands with soul and substance. i designed and developed websites and branding material for 20+ clients in the last 2 years
with over 8 years of experience in web development, both front-end and back-end,i can create, design and develop websites from idea to execution. by choosing me, you will get a website having following features   -cross browser compatibility -mobile friendliness (responsive) -interactive and user-friendly design -retina friendliness -customizable and fast -search engine optimized -high security  my web development expertise include technologies such as php, css, html, javascript and mysql, having created hundreds of websites in wordpress, shopify, wix for a diverse niche of clients.  i take on your project as if it is our own, we nurture it with a creative eye and handle it with unique care to help you beat the competitor by doing research and developing a sophisticated and strategic approach when developing your website.  my main skills           laravel, yii 2,  zend, codeigniter          nodejs, angularjs, vuejs, nextjs
experienced chief operating officer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in digital strategy, statistical data analysis, sales, mass email marketing, and management. strong operations professional with a master   s degree focused in quantitative and statical analysis from baruch college, city university of new york (cuny). 
project management and system development are my key practice  creating business application is my passion  web development, web design & programming is my hobby
i am a leading web/software developer and am looking forward working on your projects. i will apply my fullest knowledge and experience in the given projects and implement my duties with determination and devotion. i have experience working with html5 and jquery / prototype. i have also worked as a mysql programmer and as a php developer in my career. i have sound experience in this arena and can handle any project with utmost confidence. i look forward to being hired by you.  my expertise - - mobile app development - javascript development - react development - table, stored procedure, function, packages, triggers, index, jobs, events design and development - database administration, backup, recovery, rman, data migration. - database optimization, query optimization, server optimization, website optimization - data analysis, data visualization, chart development - php website development - wordpress development  one of my main specialties is motion graphics , which includes  + 2d/3d infographics + animated shorts + 2d/ 3d animated logo design + corporate presentations (brand conforming ) + educational videos + 3d modeling, texturing
web developer, blogger, typing master, graphic design intermediate, intermediate in different technologies, google local guides and many more...     , front end web developer
am a freelance graphic and front-end web designer in  html/  css and javascript. ux/ui designer now focusing on crypto and blockchain technology systems.
web developer with 4 years of experience developing and designing websites and web applications.  experienced in all stages of the development cycle for full stack web projects. leverage analytical, technical, and problem-solving skills to create dynamic websites and apps.  technologies  html/css bootstrap javascript/es6 jquery git/github ruby/ruby on rails postgresql mongodb node express angular emberjs react ,
experienced | creative | energetic | prompt | reliable | flexible | dependable | honest |  my expertise and responsibilities include, among others, the following       website design (mobile and web)     landing page design     e-commerce website design     user experience design     user interface design     wordpress ecommerce     responsive & mobile friendly     wix stores     squarespace ecommerce  dedication to your project, effective and transparent communication, a thoughtful and unique approach to each individual client's needs. i truly care and want to see you be a success. 
i'm ajesh nair. i am an experienced web developer and designer with 17 years of full-stack web development experience for global businesses. i am well-versed in numerous programming languages including html5, css3, php, javascript, and sql. as a web developer focused on customer satisfaction, i manage all aspects of web development from concept to requirements definition, design, development, launch, maintenance and user support. i enjoy the client-facing role and working closely with team members to produce high-quality deliverables.
i am looking forward to any opportunities and challenges.      management of web development projects with 100% on time delivery while staying under budget     web development using html5, css3, javascript, jquery, php and adobe creative cloud     translation of wireframes and rapid prototyping tools to accurate, working code     design of interactives and mobile apps in an agile development environment     ux and ui design projects improving load time, site stickiness and user engagement     seo initiatives elevating rankings on google and other search engines , ajeshnair 
, 20 f  vrier , having around 2 years of experience in web development,  skilled in javascript, html5, css3, jquery, bootstrap, angular js, react js technologies.      strong information technology professional with a master   s degree focused in computer science from visveswaraya technological university. ,
 29 ao  t , i'm a software engineer experienced with ruby on rails. i'm passionate about problem solving and am happiest when completely immersed in a complex problem. i love the battle of developing an idea into existence, and forging the bridge between conceptualization and a tangible product. programming has been my outlet for problem-solving and creative expression, and i am always looking for new opportunities to learn and grow.  in my free time, i enjoy calisthenics, running, yoga, playing video games, and hanging out with my friends and family.  my skills include ruby on rails, javascript, html5, css3, react, redux, webpack, jquery, rspec, sql, postgresql
, you can build your own things that other people can use. and once you learn that, you   ll never be the same again.  - steve jobs  my passion in software development stems from a constant desire to learn and create. i take pride in writing and maintaining clean, readable code to build and optimize full-stack web applications.    languages  python, javascript, java, typescript, html5, css front-end/libraries  jquery, ajax, mongoose, socketio, bootstrap frameworks  react, angular6, express, nodejs, spring boot, django, flask dev tools  aws ec2
 experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in javascript, jquery, angular, and web design. strong engineering professional with a master of science (m.sc.) focused in software engineering from coimbatore institute of technology. ,
i am a proactive, bold, and growth-oriented self-taught developer with a strong drive and willingness to learn new things. i love creating simple and effective ui that optimizes user   s experience. my personal mission is to further my specialization in frontend development, solve difficult problems, work with amazing people and develop cool products. i would also like to make a huge impact in the frontend industry. ,
experienced full stack web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in html, css, javascript, ruby on rails, ruby, node js, java and react. strong web developer graduated from devpointlabs. ,
as a full-stack developer, i love solving problems.  i enjoy working with a team and coming together to collaborate and solve real-world problems.   my experience currently includes some of the following technologies, but are not limited to, javascript, react, react-native, postresql, node, html, css, express, jest, vue, laravel, and much more.  including other techs that can compliment a web dev such as photoshop and adobe premiere.  other notable achievements include being fluent in mandarin chinese, as well as being a multiple full ironman triathlon finisher.
i love coding and i am fascinated by how the front-end interacts with the back-end and how to make them work together in a powerful way.  over the last 6 months i have built 3 web-apps      blog app (40 hours)     movie app (40 hours)     to-do list app (20 hours)  the following technologies were used      django     git     github      anvil works     heroku  my experience as a coach has helped me develop my social and communication skills.  things i am proud of       i am a soccer player. i have won medals and certificates in playing the sport i love.     developing apps on my own.     learning to cook.   i am looking for a django full-stack web developer role and i am available immediately. 
i enrolled in a full stack web development course at devmountain. while there, i spent time with a small virtual team working to build web applications. this involved learning back-end technologies like nodejs, express, and postgresql, and front-end tech which included reactjs, javascript, and redux. i am currently seeking a role in web development.
i graduated university and have bachelor degree in computer science. i have worked at google as frontend developer for internship. i am full stack web developer with 7 years experience.  - mean/mern stack  developer - .net/c#/asp.net  developer - frontend/backend developer - php/laravel developer  my skills are     angular - 5 years,  react.js/react native - 5 years,   .net/c#/asp.net - 5 years,   node.js - 5 years,   javascript - 7 years,   php/laravel - 5 years,   database - 7 years,   html, css, bootstrap - 7 years,   aws, google cloud, devops - 5 years,    i can be a dedicated developer for long term. 
developer and public health advocate with a passion for creating tangible products from simple ideas and promoting mental and personal wellbeing.  i graduated from uc san diego in june 2019 with a b.s. in human biology and am currently pursuing a b.s. in computer science at cu boulder.  i believe that my unique academic background combining both fields of study allows me to provide a fresh perspective to any project or team that i have the privilege work on.    i am open to all opportunities related to web design/development - especially if i am also able to utilize my background in the biosciences - and would love to link up for a coffee chat or phone call.
frontend developer having 5 years of experience skills - photoshop, wordpress, , shopify, html, bootstrap, css3, responsive design etc. ,
i am a software engineer, working since 2016 in scrum environments.  my specialties include c#, .net, and sql.  i am dedicated to my work and get along well with my coworkers.    revamped code for northrop grumman's glass manufacturing shop to make it use an oracle database rather than its old ingres database.    worked in asp.net mvc, and html/css/javascript to update and style an internal website product for conexus.  the product was a composite of asset tracking data used in military hospitals.  i am excited to be continuing my career as a software developer.  my main focus right now is to continue building experience in html/css/javascript, angular, and c#. ,
coding is like walking up an escalator that's spiraling downwards. you keep walking and never really reach the top.  i'm tony, full stack web developer, game developer and software engineer.  i code in c, c++, c#, java, lua, python, html, css and javascript . i'm familiar with various frameworks and web technologies such as flask, django, spring, asp.net, angular, react and ajax.  i   m passionate about passing on my coding knowledge, breaking down complex concepts into layman's terms. i'm driven to learn, staying on my toes with the latest technologies in this ever-changing industry.  if i'm not knees deep into coding one of my own projects, you'll find me willingly offering up my services or skills to aid other like-minded individuals. 
i am an avid learner in the field of software technology. i intend to use technology as a tool combined with my problem-solving skills to have a positive impact on the society.  i have been a part of winning team of smart india hackathon 2018 & 2019 and have developed a mobile app to improve the condition of farmers. i have also been a part of a startup and developed an app called datascience101 which is an educational app ranked first on playstore for keywords data science and machine learning with over 100k downloads. i like to solve proexperienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in computer science, c , c++, html, css, javascript, react.js, redux.js, express.js, python, flask, sql and mongodb. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer science from indian institute of technology (indian school of mines), dhanbad. 
i'm a full-stack web developer and i love nothing more than learning new technologies, rolling up my sleeves, and writing some code. my background as an environmental scientist taught me the value of fanatical attention to detail and the importance of data integrity. leading a classroom, i mastered visual and verbal communication styles and discovered how to bring order to chaos. my passions include mastering new technology, cracking difficult coding puzzles, and playing cello.  specialties  angular 2, arcgis, aws, bootstrap, css, express.js, git, github, gis, html5, javascript, jquery, mongodb
a full stack developer with experience and hard working at corporate, startups and as a consultant. individual ready to sacrifice whatever in hand to contribute. focused and believe in hard work always pay. learning & applying is the best strategy that whatever feels new and solves some real life issues. like to stay ahead in terms of knowledge and helping other. my work history has provided me a variety of business skills which allow me to relate to all levels of management, to a variety of business positions, and work successfully with a diversity of personalities, customers, and end-users. addition to this currently working for oges.info, an oil & gas portal where professionals enjoys a high quality of services such as knowledge exchange,solutions of typical technological questions, jobs ,webinars and much more & this all will provide to me a new experience in oil & gas sector. 
motivated and detail-oriented full stack developer. enjoys a good challenge and loves learning new technologies. ardent follower of artificial intelligence and machine learning projects , adobe 
experienced freelancer of web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in node.js, react.js, angular, php, express.js, javascript, and html5, css, bootstrap, jq. strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications - mca focused in computer software engineering from srimca (uka tarsadia university). ,
i am a passionate individual with a thirst for knowledge. i am able to learn new concepts quickly in a fast-paced-environment and am motivated to constantly improve my skills.
full-stack developer interested in continuous growth and life-long learning.  current role is front-end developer working with a stack of c#, js, xml and asp.net.  freelance stack includes but not limited to js, react, node.js. and react native.  looking for the opportunity to help guide developers who are just starting on their journey. ,
this is just the obligatory  online resume . do not contact me if you're a recruiter, future software developer, worked as a support associate intern at amazon development center with a strong background in web project development and pursuing masters in cs with specialization in data science (machine learning, big data, stats for data science) at the university of texas, dallas. seeking the internship opportunities for fall/spring 2020 and full-time roles 
experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in microsoft word, php, plesk, sql server management studio,photoshop and html. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of engineering focused in little knowledge programming and designing from madhuben and bhanubhai patel women institute of engineering for studies and research in computer and communication technology-063. 
experienced php web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information services industry. skilled in photography, microsoft word, databases, public speaking, and leadership. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology (b.tech.) focused in computer science from kurukshetra university. ,
i am a current student here at san jose state university, pursuing a bachelors in software engineering. at the moment, i am working as a private caregiver for a retired ucsc professor, as well as a grader for data structures here at sjsu. i am currently looking to find an internship in general programming/computer science, i am well versed in java, very familiar with front end development(javascript , css, html etc..) as well as proficiency in ios mobile development, swift and storyboards. take a look at my portfolio for a few projects of mine 
what   s up, i   m vikash passionate in problem solving, i   m a full stack web developer living in new delhi, delhi, india.responsible for writing server side web-application logic in node.js. also interested in the adjacent tech stack like python, reactjs, expressjs etc. i am a fan of technology, programming, and web development. i   m also interested in volleyball and fitness.
hi.i am 15 year old computer enthusiast and i like to explore possibilities in ai,machine learning,iot and much more.i am a nerd  -) 
i   m a web developer working towards making a positive mark on the world. i want to make the world better by building and contributing to projects that can leave the lives of the users better than before.
experienced front-end web developer with a focus on client side technologies.  my current focus graphql, angular, angular 1.x to 2 migration, angular architecture for enterprise applications, angular cli, nx, typescript, progressive web apps, web components, unit & end-to-end testing, ui build process, node & npm, docker, kubernetes, ui frameworks / libraries & vs code 
i'm a self-motivated full stack developer & designer with proven expertise confident to create a high quality, easy interface, beautifully designed stunning websites. i will write clean, modular, and testable code and provide ongoing support. i am responsible to building online solutions that are not only technically robust, but also provide the best solution to your specific needs.    php(laravel)   php(cake)   wordpress  i have been actively developing websites for corporate, private organizations, schools, and hospitals. i am a seasoned website design/developer seeking to employ my skills in creating modern and dynamic websites for all categories of clients, right from the beginning to the highest level of application and add-on integration. 
to learn something ,you need one thing it's just  interest . i m seeing a career as a web developer/php developer.i have  completed bachelor in computer application(bca) in  2018. i don't have the  experience to work in any company. but i have experience of my own project. i have done some project.  (i) school management system(using php,j javascript,jquery,css,html,mysql) (ii) online shopping system(php,mysql). (iii)i have developed my personal website(using wordpress). i will upload on online server soon. (iv) now i have requirements of one website so currently i am desgining it at home. if i get any opportunity by company then i will show my projects.   my skills & knowledge i have strong  knowledge of web language like html5,css3,javascript,jquery,php5,mysql. i have knowledge of database desgin. i have done work with sql server.  i have sound knowledge of php oop concept. now i am learning about seo by  the google,youtube and tutorials because i have to use seo in my website. i  want to work with multinational it companies. my ambition is to be software developer/web developer so i want an opportunity by your company. i want to enhance  my skill and knowledge with an organization.                                                                                                    software engineer with experience in ruby on rails and javascript frameworks and a background in logistics management and transportation. possess strong skills in project management, collaborative problem solving, multitasking, and paying great attention to details.   programming was always something i was curious about but never got a chance to interact with it. while working at whole foods market as a dairy buyer, i've started to develop a greater interest in programming. i was interacting with technologies every day. as customers would call to know if a product was available i came to a realization that their website could be improved upon to show more details. i decided to explore coding by teaching myself html & css and building a static website from bottom up. full of enthusiasm, i decided to enroll in the flatiron school software engineering program to gain the necessary skills to become a full stack web developer. from the very first day of the program, i remember the feelings of joy and accomplishment of being able to produce lines of codes and was amazed by how powerful theses lines were. i am ready to use my skills and technologies to find solutions to real-world problems and building interactive, high-quality products that can improve the way people interact with information and one another around the globe. i am passionate and love to create software that delivers a deep and meaningful impact on people's lives.   when i am not coding you can find me playing basketball, video games, or at the dog park with my dog shaq. let's connect!  proficient  ruby on rails, javascript, react, react hooks, redux, nodejs, express, postgresql, mongodb
i am a computer science undergraduate with a good understanding of java, c++ and c. i have good experience of developing websites. super passionate about anything that intrigue my curiosity. strong interpersonal and leadership skills with a go-getter attitude. ,
dear all, thank you for visiting my profile.  i hope you all well !!  i am #looking for a #remote #job. i am sr. web designer and wordpress deveoper , having #experience of 4+ years.  i can give a confident solution in various web technologies, primarily focuses on client satisfaction with the best solution they can have and build the long term relationship that can lead to mutual growth  i hold great hands below technologies  1. desiging in mvc framework like #codeigniter  2. worked on #theme #customization  3. #emailtemplate design  4. maintenance of websites.  5. #html and #html 5 + #css and #css3 + #bootstrap  6. #wordpress + #woocommerce  7. familiar with # linux, #windows os  8. familiar with #visual #studio #code, #sublime text editor  9. #ebaylisting template design  do share with your connections, 
a keen learner and like exploring new technologies.  i am a full-stack web developer and enthusiastic team player offering versatile project visualization and coding skills with proficiency in written, oral, and interpersonal communication. experienced individual with many years of creative, often outside-the-box, problem solving and organizational expertise, who readily adapts to change, works independently and forms strong collaborative ties. able to meet tight deadlines while juggling multiple priorities via agile methodology, all without compromising quality. 
highly motivated and dedicated software engineering professional with 5+ years of experience seeking full-time opportunity to utilize my skills in web development and cloud computing to expertise with a strong analytical ability for the progress of the organization. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in angular, php, web design, java and xampp. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology (b.tech.) focused in computer engineering from kj somaiya college of engineering, vidyavihar. 
i am a javascript developer with experience in react, angularjs, node/express, and mongo. i prioritize a smooth user experience above all else, and i understand how each part of the stack contributes to this goal. i am a developer looking for opportunities to help improve my community.   as a software engineer, my passion lies in creating new and challenging projects that can make a difference in the world.
experienced asp.net c# developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry.  windows, training, cascading style sheets (css). strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering (be) focused in computer science from aisect university. ,
i am very creative person. i am loyal to my work .i love sketching , designing , coding and decorate web pages. i have good knowledge of html, css, bootstrap, sql, javascript. even i have knowledge of c,c++, java language. about my projects , i have done my projects on php. i got first price on web development . about my summer training ,i have done one month summer training on web development and app development also. i am very hard-working and punctual person. because i know very well that time is gone so never come. time is very important. 
software engineer with 3 years of development experience in php,ajax,jquery, code igniter, my sql, wordpress . strive for excellence, to work in an environment that will enhance my knowledge and career, where i can perform any programming skill according to my strong calibre and efficiency. always keen on understanding and solving problems. adaptable to changing technology stacks. ,
web developer with background in biotech industry. experienced with creating mobile web applicaions using vuejs, javascript, node.js postgresql. ,
full-stack developer and software engineering instructor at flatiron school. as a software engineering instructor i continue to hone my programming and troubleshooting skills by supporting students how to learn to think, and build, like software engineers. i've been building things my entire life from wood-working projects to websites and web applications. it's what i enjoy doing. i now build products to help businesses deliver information as a full stack developer.
experienced python developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in python, postgresql, sql, customer service, angular 2 and php. strong engineering professional with a master   s degree focused in computer engineering from glsict(mca). ,
java programmer || japanese speaker|| computer hardware and servicing. i am a software engineer, skilled in client requirement analysis, business solution delivery, technical implementation and documentation. i am passionate about programming and scripting.i am willing to expand the horizons in software development domain with extensive knowledge and hands-on expertise in application programming and web development with data visualization skills. 
ibl infotech , laravel web and backend developer  mid-level front end web developer skilled in htm5, css3, javascript, angularjs, reactjs, ux design. , espero_lux 
,experienced full stack developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in python, html5, css, php, javascript, sql. , anapimenteldev 
website developer with knowledge of php - codeigniter (ci), laravel, and angular.  passionate web developer with proven strength in using efficient programming and user experience strategies to optimize website and web application functionality for clients. skilled in html5/css3, javascript/jquery, sql, wordpress, magento 2, codeigniter and php.  professional graduated from university of pune. 
expert in developing responsive & interactive website & webapplications | expert in css3, html5, bootstrap, and javascript  ui | good knowledge of c# .net, sql, php, mysql, wordpress & digital marketing , bhakuni595522 ,
i am a php, magento and wordpress professional & experienced developer with 6 years experience in web development industry. i have developed a wide range of websites using wordpress, magento 1.x and magento 2.x, woocommerce, laravel and codeigniter.   my area of expertise  - wordpress  - magento 1.x & 2.x - woocommerce - codeigniter  - laravel   my area of services  - developing & maintenance of ecommerce websites using magento & woocommerce  - building & maintenance custom cms websites using wordpress. - developing & maintenance of cms websites using php and mysql.  - wordpress plugins & themes customization. - magento extension & themes customization. - site optimization  - web services - customization in codeigniter and laravel
software engineer, professionally experienced in javascript, reactjs, node.js, typescript, graphql, golang, ruby on rails, and many more related tools, libraries, and frameworks. comfortable working frontend, full-stack & in a polyglot fashion.   presently inclined     javascript/es6+,    reactjs, typescript,     node.js, go, graphql , screenlantern 
first and foremost, i am a very passionate programmer. ever since my very first code in c++ and python to manipulate the desired output, it has kept me motivated to find solutions to real-world problems using various softwares. it is a never-ending puzzle that constantly drives me to test and ignite my passion for problem-solving.  i truly believe in the power of programming to transform and improve the lives of people around the world.   from my startup at vessel to my internship at apple, veolia, and teamology, i have always been fascinated with the concept of solving problems through code and reaching solutions that impact the world.   at vessel, i have been working with html, css, and javascript to build a web application for my startup that would build an interactive environment for radiologists to use our software to detect tumors using machine learning. in addition to this, i create reports that describe our idea in detail along with hunting professionals like radiologists and data scientists to help enhance our idea.   i have been working on my backend servers using php, ajax in my current internship at teamology. along with the backend, i have been working on training machine learning algorithms that allow us to understand the human sentiment of elementary and middle school students. i have been proactively been working designing a chatbot using google dialogflow where the interactions between the children and the software would take place.  even when i am not working, i have  brainstorm on ideas that would allow me to enhance my programming skills. currently, i have been working on building a personal website that depicts me. i am a very passionate basketball player where that keeps me fit and busy apart from programming. both pursuits challenge so many aspects of my intellect  creativity, organization, leadership, team building, sequential processing. this keeps me entangled and contained with the never-ending thirst to create powerful things and share them with the community and world.  technical skills  programming languages  swift
front end software engineer focusing in react, react native, node.js and golang.  comprehensive experience in working in agile environments and across teams to achieve major business goals through a solid understanding of business principles and processes.  have show ability to work in remote environments for the last 2.5 years with numerous freelance projects, side projects, and helping to build out a subscription health service for people suffering from parkinson's.  additionally have shown ability to grow a business from the ground up, building out an app to connect skiers and snowboarders together.  not only did i develop the app on my own in react native and firebase, but i have connected with numerous suppliers to produce company swag and apparel at the lowest prices (flags, gaitors, tshirts, hats, and stickers).  i have used cold calling papers, sites, influencers, and making as many connections as possible to grow the user base to over 6,000 users with an average of 300 daily active users per day.  and around 100 messages sent every 30 minutes.  i have personally had the opportunity to connect with over 60 users who i previously didn't know via the app and have not only given and taken rides, but also have gone on several trips with users to jackson hole, winter park, whistler, kicking horse
seeking full time with 4+ years of experience as app developer.     good understanding of all phases of software development life cycle (sdlc).     experience and strong working knowledge in designing user interface (ui) application and professional web applications using html4.0/5, css2/css3, javascript, jquery, angular, ajax, json, bootstrap.     experience in responsive web designing for multiple screen sizes.     experience in web development skills such as web api and rest services.     experienced with waterfall and agile methodologies. ,
experienced employee with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), c (programming language), and mysql. ,
dedicated ux/ui frontend developer with 5+ years of experience in html/html5, css/css3, scss, less, jquery, javascript, reactjs, bootstrap 3,4 and wordpress theme development. , sabrinaazad 
there's no better feeling in the world than when you show a project to a client and they smile. that feeling when they don't know what to say but you can see it in their eyes that this is what they wanted. that's what i live for. , designtrace 
has good knowledge and hands on experience in core java, angularjs, html5, css, bootstrap and javascript.      hands on experience of apache tomcat server.      hands on experience of jira, which is a project status tracking software.      experienced with boomi tool.      experience in agile scrum methodology and software development life cycle(sdlc) throughout the project.      experienced in version control using git hub.      coordinating with team members for system design, integration and application maintenance.      proficient in developing web applications using core java and angular js      quality command over  mysql. 
i am a student of computer science engineering(b-tech) and also self employed in web development and software development.  i'm a passionate polyglot developer mainly focused on web technologies.  i build web applications from the ground up with the latest technologies. i have experience in various fields and technologies including good low level knowledge as well.  i currently work completely remotely.
experienced full stack developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in backend (laravel, cakephp, codeigniter, node.js, graphql) and frontend (angular & react) development. strong engineering professional with a bachelors in technology in computer science. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the web development field. skilled in php, bootstrap, jquery, prestashop, wordpress and responsive web design, css, html, sql, git. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology focused in computer science and engineering. 
experienced web developer and designer with one year and continuing experience in designing and development at infolks private limited. has been working in laravel based projects with vue js and react.  has average experience in working with python and opencv based image processing projects. improving my experience in multi-media development and processing softwares such as adobe photoshop, illustrator, aftereffects etc. has good experience in office softwares and operating systems including linux and windows. also has a recent experience in working with seo optimisation 
experienced chief technology officer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in sql, jquery, social media, cascading style sheets (css), and html. strong information technology professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer science from university of florida. , alfredocoln3 
keyskill  html, css3, psd design, psd to html, pixel perfect html, banner design, bootstrap, sass, responsive design, javascript, jquery, wordpress, strong hand in avada theme, divi theme, elementor theme, thrive builder, invision app
i am always ready to accept challenges and ready to learn new things.i am hard working and loyal.. i think ,complete the task when it is given before its too late..... ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in adobe photoshop, javascript, react.js, react native, and bootstrap. strong professional with a master of computer applications - mca focused in web development from cambridge institute of technology. 
webtrack has an expertise in web designing, web development, search engine optimization, social media marketing.  we provide online web solutions that accomplish business goals of our clients effectively.
a motivated computer engineer seeking to fill the position of a software developer, where i can learn and develop scalable projects to make this society a better place. ,
ull stack web & mobile developer i am a self driven ai and deep learning enthusiast. my field of interest  includes web development and designing. highly motivated and hard working individual, i take on every opportunity which comes my way. ,
experienced in the full stack web application development with python,django,react js,html,css,javascript,jquery,aws,ec2,rds , a computer science graduate, currently employed as a senior web developer.  i have a particular interest in server management. i learned operations working with linux  centos and ubuntu servers and deploying to the aws cloud. i currently work with windows server provisioning legacy applications, and additionally perform the role of it security officer.
i'm a front-end ui/ux with 10+ years experience. i enjoy new challenges in transforming inspiring visual designs into great web & mobile web apps using all of the latest technologies like html5, css3, adobe campaign, react js, angular js, bootstrap, jquery mobile, and much more.  i have been developing web/mobile web applications for the past several years, some of them were for apple mqm, exxonmobil, rbc, lpl financial (onsite - san diego (us)), ge health care, owens corning, calgary scientific(onsite - calgary (canada)), and met life.  my specialty is ui development with a focus on web performance optimization, great ux, backward browser compatibility and single page applications. i'm highly detail & performance oriented and my favorite part of web development is javascript programming which can transform a static web page into a piece of art. i do respect my job and try always to maintain a good relation with my clients.   experienced in back end technologies like php
tactful define me. deal with problem very politely  ,passionate website developer with a satisfied client base, working as a freelancer. reliable and trustworthy, with the zeal to deliver the best work upfront. also pursuing b.com honours from christ university, bangalore with good curricular and co-curricular performance.  highly skilled in video editing like adobe premiere pro, web designing in wordpress, digital marketing tools like google adsense and facebooks ads, social media marketing, search engine marketing like google adwords, analysis of business in google analytics, content marketing and search engine optimization ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of developing full-stack web applications.  web development stack  html , css ,javascript ,bootstrap . nodejs , expressjs mongodb , mysql  adobe xd  language stack  skilled in c++, javascript, and python , avijeetpandey25 
inde , over 3+ years experience in information technology including 3+ years experience in web based application development, design and testing using technologies php, javascript, mysql, html, css, xml, ajax, wordpress, codeigniter , rajuy0829 ,
any fool can write code that a computer can understand. good programmers like me write code that humans can understand           experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in core java, php, web development, mysql, and codeigniter. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology - b.tech focused in information technology from bundelkhand institute of engineering and technology, jhansi. ,
professional skills  language  php, html framework   codeigniter, laravel cms  wordpress database  mysql operating systems  linux (ubuntu), window (xp/7/8/10) other  jquery, css, js, ajax, json, wp rest api apis  facebook, google, paypal, ccavenue, sms gateway 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in  wordpress and shopify. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology (b.tech.) focused in computer engineering from seth jai parkash mukand lal inst. of engineering & technology. ,
experienced senior php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in sql, soap, php, wordpress, and jquery. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer technology/computer systems technology from scd govt college ludhiana. 
well, experience in developing websites, using html, css, js. also have some good experience using web-applications like wordpress, opencart, osclass, magento, 
i am highly motivated towards learning and exploring new technology. passionate towards developing amazing user-friendly responsive web applications.   i possess a special interest in networking. i possess hands-on experience in working with aws and wordpress. 
4 years experienced php web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in html, css, javascript, jquery, bootstrap, php with ci and laravel freamwork. strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in msc(it & ca) from geetanjali college of commerce & computer science-rajkot. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in cascading style sheets (css), php, wordpress, ci, html, and xml. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in cse from west bengal university of technology. ,
experienced certification specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in microsoft word, c++, java, networking, and html. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of technology (b tech) focused in cse from srm university. 
experienced it professional specialised in web development, angular development, app development, web designing. apart from this, i am passionate for fashion designing. 
i am very interested in applying for software engineer-data analyst position. i have completed post graduate diploma in big data analytics from cdac after completing graduation. having hands-on experience in sql (oracle db)and tableau, python, java, hadoop.  please take a moment to review my attached application documents.  it would be a sincere pleasure to hear back from you soon to discuss this exciting opportunity.  sincerely  shivam pathak contact no.8077446267 
once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results. experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in javaserver pages (jsp), microsoft excel, oracle database, php, and web pages. strong engineering professional with a master of computer application focused in mca from dr. babasaheb ambedkar marathwada university. 
focused in increasing the graph of my technicality career while serving the goal of the organization in parallel.experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php,wordpress,google adword, seo yoast, html and css. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused in computer science from abdul kalam technical university.
proactive professional with over 2 years of experience, skilled in creating robust solutions by developing clean, modular, reusable and scalable code. with a keen eye for detail, i thrive on maintaining design and brand consistency . with the ability to amicably handle demanding stakeholders, i'm comfortable coordinating planning and ongoing development of multiple projects at a time. ,
i have more than 3 year of experience as web developer. i intend to enhance my skills and strengths under your true professional, mature and specialized environment of web development. my learning skills, the attitude of taking things as a challenge and devotion with programming, make me feel that it is the right place for me to enhance my professional knowledge. as you can see from my linked-in profile, i have completed my graduation from the comsats. also, i believe that the knowledge and skills built up during this time make me the perfect one to serve this organization. moreover, i am technology independent so i able to work on every technology.   i have developed efficiently many projects mentioned on my linked-in profile . besides these, i want to mention i have very well experience with php, codeigniter, laravel, coldfusion. moreover, i have also worked on well-known apis i.e. facebook, twitter, map. as a front-end developer, i have good knowledge about bootstrap, css etc. 
i'm a front-end web developer with 2 years demonstrated the history of working in the it industry. skilled in  html, css, adobe photoshop, php, strong professional web developer.
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in sql, bootstrap,javascript,jquery, cascading style sheets (css), php, laravel,and wordpress. strong engineering professional graduated from virtual university. 
i am a graduate of fast, completed my bachelors in computer science in 2017. presently, working as senior software engineer at rolustech, lahore. i also worked as an external lab instructor and teaching assistant for operating systems at fast, lahore. 
i am a computer professional and doing multiple of jobs like data entry, web development, network developer, and some time like a computer technician (hardware / software) and wanted to do more work inside or outside the country and explore or enhance my qualification skills to be a part of an reputed organization ,
software engineer interested in software architecture, design patterns and web development. i have always been more enthusiastic when it comes to back-end development. however, i also like exploring modern front-end frameworks.
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry.  proficient in both frontend and backend.  i also have experience in developing netsuite customizations, implementing suite lets, user event scripts, client scripts, and scheduled scripts.  skilled in php, laravel framework, javascript, jquery, vue.js, html5, css3, bootstrap3/4, json, ajax and netsuite.  also, have working experience with versioning system i.e. gitlab. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in microsoft excel, customer service, microsoft word, microsoft office, and research. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer science from arid agriculture university. 
experienced wordpress developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. , rudemanhere institute of business management , webmaster 
i m a web developer. i learned many web languages as well as programming languages like html, css, php, c++, c, java. i used wordpress to make websites. 
the key to doing the best work is to love what you do, if you don't love and respect your profession, why would you expect it from others   over 4 years of experience, i am the freelancer, web developer, and e-commerce marketer  i have been building websites for small and medium-sized businesses, whether the purpose is to increase sales, promote a business or a specific product, or even a complete online store.  my skills include wordpress, shopify, woo commerce, php, html5, css3, javascript, photoshop, writing product descriptions, seo, web consultant
in summary i would say that i'm a geek.from childhood i had passion/interest in science and after 17 years age i turned my passion in profession and learnt html , css and javasscript and started working as a blogger.after that i started learning php and got a job at web solution application.but this is not over.in future i want to be a computer engineering and i will stand before any ups and downs in order to achieve my goal. , web solution application 
almost 4 years experiance in web developing industry , protech it zone 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in product research, product design , adobe photoshop , designer , developer , php , wordpress , magento , shopify ,bootstrap , android application , 3d max studio , after affects. passion is designing every thing for eg   mobile application , flyers , email templates , brouchers , web desining 
experienced partner with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in web design, desktop application development, java, web development, and microsoft office. strong entrepreneurship professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in computer software engineering from aptech. , youngitbee ,
diploma certificate it i learn just 3 years in university web development      hard & team working.     social. 
i am a bartender, web developer, social media marketer and translator who lives in sweden. my interests range from diverse social activities, traveling, reading, writing, people with intuitive personalities and good social skills. knowledge is my only religion. , goodle_se ,
to associate with an organization that demands and rewards hard work and excellence, while providing long-term opportunities for advancement and personal growth under congenial and satisfactory working atmosphere and to secure a challenging position utilizing personal skills, technical abilities and practical experience with utmost sincerity. more than one-year experience in web development. , itechavengers , 
messing around with front end & web development for last 4 years. still can't decide which technology is the favorite one. last big love - javascript. currently attracted to angularjs. big fan of user centerded design. main goal - keep things simple! 
to contribute towards the growth and development of dynamic organization opportunities to grow both personally and where i can utilize my skill effectively and efficiently. , sharknet telecom 
experienced freelance web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in operations management, php, wordpress, java, and management. strong engineering professional with a diploma focused in artificial intelligence from piaic. , basitwaseem2 ,
i love to do freelancing, designing, development, wordpress, html, css and many more. i love to face challenges to meet the clients requirements and do something waoo! 
i done my msc in computer science from qau recently and now  trying to find job .where i will shows  up my expertise  and learn new things which i  don't know. my final year project  was minimath-an android game for kids.this project was made  by using  unity 3d and c#. i want to obtain a position requiring innovative, challenging employment that can utilize my education and  and offer advancement opportunity. i like  reading books and  like to learn new platforms related to my field. 
an enthusiastic self-starter with strong programming and development skills. proven academic and curricular achievements, and possess the right soft skills required to propel the organization achieving its goals and objectives.  professional background  programming is not only my passion but it is also the activity that i like to do in my free time. currently, i am working as web developer at superior solutions and have more than 2 year of professional experience in web development. during my professional career, i have developed many web applications. here are the links of my applications that are currently uploaded to the internet store.    professional skills      web application development      integration of different api   s     social networking features integration (facebook ,linkedin,google plus and twitter apis)      codeignitor framework     corephp     html5     google maps api     restful webservices     jquery     javascript     css3     database designing using mysql     localization / multilingual support ,
experienced co-founder with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in unity3d, wordpress, web design, cascading style sheets (css), and game development. strong business development professional with a diploma focused in information technology from government institute of information technology rawalpindi. 
i'm a certified web designer & developer. i've worked on php mvc framework. a quite good experience in graphic designing. i.e adobe photoshop | adobe premiere pro. now i'm working on software development. , self-employed 
i'm eager to learn something new. i have 1 year experience in front-end web development at codexnow and i'm passionate about learning new technologies. i have worked on html5, bootstrap 4, css, sass, javascript(basic), jquery(normal) and adding javascript frameworks in the project. ,
i am a computer science student, frequent reader and a technology enthusiast. my favorite pastime activity is learning about new web technologies which can help me in my freelance work. web development is something i really love to do. i particularly work on the front-end as i love working with javascript and its frameworks. i also watch sport (soccer, to be precise) and play video games. 
energetic under graduate student of computer networks at iqra university islamabad campus.my aim to earn respect and position in information technology industry  my area of interest in web development, web designing and search engine optimization. 
i am a software engineer with 1 year of experience ,   home 
i am an experienced web developer with excellent programming and database skills. i have experience in developing web applications and web sites within a commercial and government environment. my key skills are c++, oop, php , mvc ms sql, javascript,css,css3 and  bootstrap. ,
experienced wordpress developer with a demonstrated history of working in the development industry. skilled in wordpress development. 
web developer api design, cms, and functional frontend. background in animation, 3d graphics, and video production. , 
looking forward to work in a firm with a professional work driven environment where i could utilize my knowledge and could improve my skills in the best possible manner. , rightway system 
web developer having expertise in custom php, cms like wordpress, mvc architecture / php frameworks like codeigniter. i am expert in making web applications with complex dynamic structures. ,
i'm student of computer science at university of wah. i'm android developer.i work for some mobile application projects at my internship. i keep myself calm and focus on multitasking while being patient. i'm quick learner and great team player. if you will hire me it will be great platform to showcase my skills.whatever goals i set, i ensure to complete them within stipulated time. , hadi quran acdemy 
software engineering with 4 year working experience. - good knowledge of software development process. - performing testing, labs & documentation. - ability to test software for resolving problems. - functional, reliability and performance in sw quality. - javascript, multimedia & ms office work. - sound knowledge of gui application and ms office, with good understanding of c++, java and html,css. - good knowledge about mis. - created user documentation manual and training, umls and dataflow charts. - ability to work under stressful environment. - punctual, hard-working, with quick grasping aptitude 
computer scientist with diverse work experience, including programming, software development, and consulting. extensive knowledge of software development cycle as well as proficiency in several programming languages. dedicated to meeting customer requirements with innovative solutions that maximize efficiency and exceed capability targets. comfortable discussing technical issues and solutions with scientists and analysts as well as clients. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in html, css, javascript, jquery, php, wordpress,. 
a sound scholastic record, capacity to comprehend and test programming, working information on app development and a good understanding of web development technologies. i look to function as a full stack developer to advance my insight in this area and use my skills. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in e-commerce, php, wordpress, shopify, and responsive web design. strong engineering professional with a diploma focused in information technology from aptech computer education.
i'm a web developer that has developed applications on multiple platforms including desktop and web-based platforms. i believe i've just started on the path of making good applications and i work hard in order to increase my skills and knowledge.  so far, i've worked on the following platform and technologies      - html/css     - php     - wordpress     - codeigniter     - yii     - javascript/jquery 
hello, i have done b. e in software engineering. i'm currently working as a freelancer on fiver and upwork.i'm expert in wordpress, database, java, javascript, reactjs, html, css, bootstrap, php. , faheem62185768 
experienced chief executive officer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in mobile applications, management, html, adobe photoshop, and business development. strong business development professional with a bachelor's degree focused in digital communication and media from blekinge tekniska h  gskola. ,
i have studied bs computer science from karachi university and just trying to be better than good enough, a graphics designer with a passion for creativity, a person with creative and innovative ideas who can work well independently, but love to work in a team and have good communication skills, a boy who likes to play cricket and loves to surf on internet.  i have technical expertise in web application development using wordpress. my working experience involves analyze, design, develop and maintain wordpress websites for local and international market. i mostly work alone on wordpress projects as a freelancer but it obviously depends upon the strength of the project.  although i have much working experience in graphics designing, i also have hands-on experience with c# and have developed most of my academic projects using c#  besides, i have also worked with opengl using c++ to implement computer graphics. i also have good academic experience with writing operation research reports and srs (software requirement specification) documents.     specialties  adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, wordpress, html5, css3, jquery.  seeking a true contributor to convert your ideas into creative and attractive visuals  a web developer. apparently a student of fast nuces for bachelor's degree in computer science. i use to work in vacations. i love my work. i do one thing at a time, either work or a study.  i love to watch football. usually i do play it. in my free time i use to read books and sometime watch movies.  i like to explore new things. exploring new things and having extra knowledge about anything is what excites me.  development  c++, python. front-end development   wordpress, bootsrap, user interface, javascript, html5/css3. expert in microsoft word, microsoft excel, microsoft powerpoint, microsoft visual c++ 2010 express, microsoft visual studio, windows 7, windows 8 and windows 10. i have been using microsoft windows and windows applications since i was 7 years old. i use them in my daily life routine and its quite user friendly. if you have any problem regarding windows and microsoft applications mentioned above, so you may contact me. i always like to share information and interact with new people, if you feel i can help you in anything, so i am always ready. i am always glad to have new friends. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the automotive industry. skilled in cascading style sheets (css), php, html, javascript, and mysql. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer science from dadabhoy institute of higher education. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in object-oriented programming (oop), bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), php, and wordpress. strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in computer science from virtual university of pakistan. 
hi! i'm adnan hyder student of  computer science and co-founder of tech nerds (i t solution company), i've two year of experience in web development(php core/ laravel , wordpress ) and 1 year experience in app development (hybrid , android).. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, c++, jquery, cascading style sheets (css), and java. strong engineering professional with a bscs focused in cs from kohat university of science & technology. 
i love making web apps with wordpress and angular7  my skillset   * confident using different operating systems (windows, linux, mac os) * my sql database * web development (html, css, js, angular, asp.net core, mysql, wordpress) * programming languages (c/c++ oop) 
experienced editor with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in microsoft word, adobe illustrator, editing, blogging, and social media. strong media and communication professional with a bachelor of computer science (bcs) focused on computer programming, from the university of haripur. ,
i am an enthusiastic, committed and dedicated young professional, who enjoys being a part of, as well leading, a successful and productive team. i am quick to grasp new ideas and concepts, and to develop innovative and creative solutions to problems. i can demonstrate the high levels of motivation required to meet the tightest of deadlines. even under significant pressure. i possess a strong ability to perform effectively. , zooni7054 
i am always looking to learn more and am open to taking on challenging projects , hassan1khalid.
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in php, wordpress, content management systems (cms), and web design. strong engineering professional graduated. 
web developer proficient in wide variety of business applications and promotional informational websites. experience in the software design and development process. specifically interested in development using php, mysql, html5, css3 and also using cms drupal and magento.  in my current role, i am working as a senior web developer in reset arabia saudia arabia.     planning, design and implementation of complete web sites (from informational, promotional and content management in drupal).     design with standards compliant code with emphasis on browser compatibility, accessibility, and search engine optimization     responsive theme with html5 and css3 using bootstrap 3 twitter framework and jquery mobile 4 framework  hands on expertise in      drupal 7 and 8     yii2 framework, laravel     enterprise application frameworks such as  spring, spring mvc     spring mvc based rest api     spring boot      top orm such as jpa and hibernate     jquery, javascript, angularjs          bootstrap, zurb foundation, material design     oracle and mysql databases     tomcat , arsibux ,
an innovative, and competent php developer with extensive experience in the layout, design and coding of websites specifically in php format. possessing considerable knowledge of the development of web applications and scripts using php programming language and mysql & sql server databases. experienced in developing applications and solutions for a wide range of corporate, charity and public sector clients and having the enthusiasm and ambition to complete projects to the highest standard.
computer engineer and experienced web and mobile applications developer. skills  networking  ccna. software development skills  web ware  php - symfony- mysql     html    css     javascript     jquery     html5    css3     facebook api     google web toolkit (gwt)- google application engine - vbulletin     mediawiki. mobile apps  android development. desktop apps  java     c++ -c#(wpf - wcf ). game development  unity 3d.  computer vision  opencv     matlab. hardware  microcontrollers  avr    pic     arduino pcb  eagle. engineering  matlab     labview.
developing frontend pwa sollutions with html/css/javascript, vue, es6, sass, stylus, graphql.  previously  telecommunications premium services, vxml, network metrics, php web and scripting, api for voice control, linux servers installation and maintenance, voip digium certified asterisk professional(dcap). ,
creative and dependable wordpress developer with 4+ years experience in building rich and interactive websites. comprehensive understanding of wordpress core software and its functions. hands on experience in creating, extending and customizing wordpress themes and plugins. delivers well-made projects on time. , vigorous technologies 
former customer service representative at jtelemarketing, team leader at a4telecommication, web designer & developer and logo animation 
having good computer and human interaction skills, adaptable computer science major currently attending fast national university of computer and emerging sciences, with 2 months of work experience. aiming to leverage a proven knowledge of end-user support, multiuser interface, and web design skills to successfully fill the software developer role at your company. frequently praised as focused by my peers, i can be relied upon to help your company achieve its goals.  specialties  - public speaking  - fast learning  - android  - javascript  interests  - theology - islamic sciences like history and law. - badminton - visual effects - comedy - computer's incorporation in daily life  hobbies  - book reading (i.e. islamic literature, urdu literature, history), - football (casual, not regular) - exercise - current affairs 
web developer, apps developer, seo expert experience of 15+ years. also 5 stars freelancer  experienced developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in .net, c#, episerver cms and episerver commerce. 
i probably know php best but typescript is the language i like most. i use it for all my personal projects together with nuxt.js, tailwind (or vuetify) and firebase (hosting, persistent storage, authentication). but i also use php together with lumen (laravel) for some of my personal projects. 
specialties  php5, .net, (c)asp.  iis, mysql (administration and development).  xslt, xml, javascript, css, html(5).  web development is the thing that i am to do all day long during more then 3 years. nothing attracts so much as an opportunity to create something, what will use millions of different people. at any time you can add or modify your creation, order to meet all the requirements of the growing internet.  opportunity to constantly evolve, is the main thing in this work. ,
i am motivated to do some advancements in it industry and to become successful entrepreneur. i have skills to manage the team. i mostly worked as team lead in projects in university. i am capable to meet the deadlines and to solve complex in a very less time.  i am always dedicated with my work and to accept challenges. , tech nerds 
its good for me to learn and improve the skill of profession. i am working there minimum 2 year and 7 months of professional experience it's really for me to have a chance to achieve my goal. in future i also work hard to improve and more better my skill. , viral webbs , web developer 
experienced dotnet developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. strong business development professional skilled in dot net core , dot net mvc, html, c#, and object-oriented programming (oop).  since last 4 years i have been supporting multi million dollars enterprise applications, websites, web applications & dot net mvc projects.  currently i am working as a asp.net mvc, asp.net core developer on an enterprise application, web applications, web api's, web services.  the tasks i am responsible for  - maintaining and updating application features - web development & designing based .net framework, asp.net mvc, asp.net core, asp.net web forms c# applications linked to sql server database - development of  system to automate customer   s queries  - developing new and enhancements to existing enterprise applications & web applications - developed api   s, web services for enterprise application to request ssl certificates - developing user interface for websites/web applications with initial layout and base controls using bootstrap, html, css, javascript.  - designing and developing both front end and back end of websites - troubleshot and resolve bugs in .net mvc, .net core application - .net framework
awesome designz provides you with unique and creative website design solutions at extremely reasonable prices. our vision is to create a distinct identity for your business and to give you a competitive advantage. we create designs to suit your business goals and to compel visitors to revisit your website. a good interactive website design will ensure that you have a steady online market value from your customers.  we offer complete solution for your website designing, print and media requirements and aspire to provide you best service in the industry. our services include logo design, business card design, banner design, photo editing, brochure design, web template, psd to html/css/jquery, wordpress etc. 
capital brand technologies (pvt.) limited , web developer  i would like to create responsive web apps  using react and will design websites using wordpress and shopify stores, portfolio, educational and business purpose fully functional websites   my skills  web development(html, css, js mysql, wordpress, jquery, shopify, react js) other languages (c/c++) , mughalaley ,
experienced laboratory manager with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in microsoft excel, customer service, training, leadership, and project management. strong research professional with a b.com focused in commerce from govt muncipal degree college. , aamir3cs143 ,
future memories , web developer  i'm a professional and creative graphic designer having more experience i am responsible for your work creating layout and designs for publications, company logos and websites. i'm working on both print media designing and digital designing like logo,newsletter, poster,mokeups, flyers, brochures, catalogue,magzine, social marketing,billboard, book covers,banners etc.my main goals and objectives as a graphic designer to design your project based on your individual needs . and solve problems through the use of typography, photography and illustration upto desired appearance.if you work with me i promise i will do my best to satisfy you. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in project management, problem solving. strong engineering professional graduated from aptech computer education. , web developers academy 
i am a student at the university of karachi, currently pursuing a degree in bscs. i am a computer/i.t. enthusiast, who love to explore the various areas of computing technologies and it's applications in daily life. a computer geek and technology savvy. 
experienced freelance web and wordpress developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in html, cascading style sheets (css), javascript, jquery, and php. 
a voip and web developer (front and back end ) with experience in linux. i am proficient in numerous programming languages including php, javascript, mysql, and jquery. i also have experience in asterisk integration with web applications. ,
extensive experiences in web development and designing.  my skills  php/mysql, codeigniter, laravel, jquery, ajax, hubspot, wordpress, joomla, apis, reactjs, etc 
my name is muhammad noman. i am software engineer with 2+ years of experience. , alchemative , web developer  ,equipped with the knowledge of latest tools and techniques that will enable me to handle emerging technologies and prove myself as a valuable resource for the company. , global tech solution , web developer 
i always enjoyed being a part of teams who bring me learning and some good friends. for about 5 years i was working around web technologies and trying to develop something useful for the end users with help and support of my team. for now i am a big fan of reactjs and frontend development.  frontend development   html5, css3, javascript es6, reactjs, redux, nodejs, materialui, bootstrap, storybook, jest ,
experienced web developer. quality experience in php laravel.  expert in front-end development in html, css & bootstrap.  fine knowledge of ajax. , glowingsoft techologies 
i'm a javascript addict!*  i'm a javascript developer who enjoy learning new technologies. i'm currently grinding swift      highlights   javascript (es6+), react.js, react native, redux, html5, css, php  when i'm free, i love to apply the knowledge i've gained and practice programming real applications.
i am an expert laravel developer, shopify app developer and did some work on nodejs, vue.js, react.js magento2. and besides i think it doesn't matter how many programming languages you know. if you just good at quick learning that would be enough. ,
to be the best frontend and backend web developer in the world. , amuse  experienced co-founder with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in microsoft excel, customer service, logo design, microsoft word, and sales. strong entrepreneurship professional with a b.s in computer science focused in computer science from university of south asia. , cpt_lagger 
i have been working on a range of tasks pertaining to different areas of software applications development. i always strive for the best and ready to exploit my domain.  i have worked with different stack of languages which includes html, css, html5, bootstrap, javascript, node.js, laravel, jquery, wordpress, php, ror (ruby on rails), mysql, oracle, angularjs, mongodb and many other.  i have a keen eye for details. i won't miss a single chance to prove that yes, i am an expert and i love to give new shape to the existing websites or transform a single document into a running excellent product!  if that's what you are looking for, then i'm the one! 
experienced developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. strong engineering professional skilled in sharepoint, javascript, typescript, css, html, c#.net, ui and ux. ,
i'm a passionate developer, working when i was very young, it's almost 3 years that i have been developing web, desktop. i have many happy customers throughout the globe.  primary services are   - website design and development - software applications the platforms that i have experience with   front end development   - html5 - css3 - jquery - javascript - twitter bootstrap - foundation css  web development   - php7 - codeigniter software development   - microsoft dotnet(vb.net , c# , c++) - java(netbeans, awt) i have plenty of projects in my portfolio, i always work hard to come up with the perfect outcome. hire me and see the magic. ,
specialties  webdeveloping, php, javascript, css, html, react , funparko , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in web design, web applications, data analysis, database development, and web development. strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in computer science from university of balochistan. 
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the e-learning and  gambling & casinos industry. skilled in javascript, react, css,  angular, ruby on rails and linux. 
i am a professional ux designer and developer for web and mobile application. having ability to understand and prioritize work in challenging environment. i am very passionate about designing and developing interfaces while taking into consideration the latest ux trends and techniques. , mubasharpanchi email cubes , owner 
programming is a fun doing job. , rltsquare , web developer  ,web application developer , centricsource , sr. web developer 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the episerver cms. skilled in agila methodology, git, visual studio, sql databases, management, and react. strong professional graduated from medieinstitutet utbildning. programming languages javascript. i studied human rights and my dream to work to develop organizations and activities, rights-based who take care of women and children. a young, active, and optimistic woman, who can carry work stress and likes to work with people no matter what they have for the elderly. my goal is to work in an organization where i have varying tasks and in the long term i can get to work more strategically and preferably with personnel responsibility.     diploma from byamor project  a program (organized by b  stad municipality) to integrate new arrivals.     work with a charitable organization in egypt for one year.     i have offered a free course for arab children to teach their mother tongues in the library of f  rsl  v. ,
the most fulfilling work i know is to work with a good team to solve important problems. my interest and skill in problem solving led me to study computer science at kth, which i'm enjoying so far. i love co-operating with other people. but most importantly, my work should always contribute to solving an actual problem in the world. ,
i am an enthusiastic, self-motivated and hardworking man who is keen to find a position in a it sector where i can work on own initiative or as part of a team and can deal with technical issues competently where my creative initiative, ideas and a genuine enthusiasm would allow me to progress. my main strengths are adaptability, dependability and the determination to get a job done.
i   ve always sought out opportunities and challenges that are meaningful to me.  web developer with 2+ yeras of experience, who has a track record of success creating websites, that are both well-received and commercially viable. skilled with working as a team and incorporating input into projects. ability to always look for ways to improve upon an already existing website to keep people using it and enjoying it. strong eye for detail and tenacity to never quit on something until it is absolutely perfect.  as a web developer, i enjoy using my obsessive attention to detail, my unequivocal love for making things, and my mission-driven work ethic to literally change the world. that   s why i   m excited to make a big impact at a high growth company. ,
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php,javascript, jquery and front-end development.  strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in computer science from superior university, lahore. ,
experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes - oscar wilde ,to work in a competitive environment that effectively utilizes my analytical, interpersonal, leadership and organizational skills to conceive and achieve solutions.   the solutions which help the organization in not only meeting its targets, but also allowing it to grow, thereby, enhancing my own skills as an individual and as a key player in the organization's development. ,
i being a dynamic aggravated and action oriented man  present myself with all my devotion, dedication and commitment for the best of you well     substantiated organization in the sublime of my field. i cordially you, if given a chance, would capitalize my abilities. with the experience of  , php , python and my-sql with the beauty of wordpress and django also a little bit spice of numpy and pandas. 
webbutvecklare med extra fokus p   react, vue och javascript generellt. html, css, browser compatibility och accessibility. kan   ven hantera en hel massa back-ends s  som php, java, .net och node s  klart. har erfarenhet av ux-arbete s  v  l som en hel massa designintresse.  
i like to keep on learning everyday and get updated with the latest technologies and techniques being used in the market. currently i am practicing as a front-end web developer for the last 4 years and have worked in a u.k based i.t company i.t sec. i can make sites using react js i have several private projects that i have made on react js on github and in the company, i am currently working in i develop responsive and dynamic wordpress themes from scratch in 1-3 days and if company requires i can also make the whole dynamic website theme using plug-ins like breeze, elementor, pagebuilder, etc in and i can also work with woo commerce plug-in. i can convert html into wordpress and also can manage existing sites and can fix their bugs. 
to work in an organization where i can utilize my education and help achieve organizational goal equally contributing towards my sustainable carrier growth. , tech artisans 
i believe in devotion to work hard and testing my professional knowledge in creating opportunities in any competitive environment.  seeking a challenging position in a professional organization, where my skills and my education background can add value to the growth of the organization and allow development of my skills to organization potential in the field.   achievements   got gold medal on student of faculty award    got merit based scholarship in bs(cs)  got medal on 2nd position in hssc at paec model college for boys  skills    front-end and back-end web developer   asp.net developer  45 words per minute typing    proficiency in html,css, c++ and java script   proficient in c# and all kind of databases   professional level microsoft office    experience of testing web, pc and mobile based software 
talented programmer, highly motivated and creative, with the ability to pick up and master new technologies quickly, and work under extremely limited deadlines. knowledgeable about a wide arrangement of topics related to video games, user experience and programming, dedicated to self improvement and delivering efficient, high quality code bases that are both easily maintainable and expandable. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology & services industry. skilled in php, laravel, wordpress, mvc framework, java, and sql server management studio. strong engineering professional with a bachleors focused in software engineering from comsats institute of information and technology. ,
started programming for the web in 2008. in the beginning i did much work with xhtml and started designing uis in photoshop. those designs looked terrible, but over the time i've gotten far better at designing and developing for the web.  at the same time i started programming i also started to learn how to play the piano. these skills thus developed simultaneously which i think has been very helpful, for both skills.  in 2010 i got into playing minecraft, which led me to even more programming in form of making plugins -  written in java - for the game. some of these i still maintain, since they have quite a lot of users. this game modification helped me grow my programming skills and interests even further. my strongest programming interests were at the time, and also remained to be, web programming though.  nowadays i'm fluent in html(5), css(3) and javascript (es6+) and strive to stay up to date with my coding skills to able to create the best products i can. thus having recently learnt more about load time performance, pwas, web components etc.  i run a small company called vufuzi with which i take on web development work, do consulting and publish apps with. , enjikaka 
web developer,i have worked from home as freelancer and i have made a project on unity for final year project for my senior mates. i have command on unity 2d as well as unity 3d i have started making games from scratch like on java eclipse and windows form c# then i started making games and simulation on unity. i also have worked .net mvc 4 and currently building on ecommerce site on node.js i also have a hands on java and c++(made a basic game engine on it). 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in. javascript, typescript, nodejs, devops (aws - microsoft tfs) 
i am learning  web development and c++ programing.. i also work on a web project. i started it about one year ago today. now i feel i am  good to do work on any web project... , self employed , web developer 
software developer with experience implementing web applications with react, vue, node.js, in particular and previously in asp, asp.net mvc and java including additional 5+ years manual and automated web & windows application testing.  although i started my career as a software tester, to reduce manual testing i started coding, especially debugging failed test cases triggered my interest in software development. however, while remotely working from japan writing batch files to automate manual tasks or simple click functionality capturing tool didn   t give me specialised knowledge needed for a development role. hence i took up an extensive programming course msc in  internet technologies and enterprise computing  which focused on application development in java. this resulted my first development role as system developer in r&d industrial placement in england. after that i moved to sweden and started working as a system developer at diaverum. at my current role my major work is with client side development in javascript and various javascript libraries, asp.net mvc and server side with c# and vb script.   during my msc i came up with an e-business site for farmers to directly deliver their products to the city users. that application got highest appreciation. the site was developed using php, mysql, html5, bootstrap.  i also had an opportunity to implement an api for travel booking system with three modules of air, hotel and tax services were implemented. this introduced me to web based enterprise application. 
i'm an interaction designer with a huge interest in frontend developing. my experience within the customer service sector has given me great skills in communication, which i see as a big advantage when trying to find out the needs of both clients and users.   i have a curious and problem solving mind that makes me want to continue developing myself and keep up with new technologies. this, together with my social skills, makes me a great team member and frontend developer with an eye for user friendly design. 
i   m a talent web developer with an interest in building quality websites and applications with front end (html, css, javascript)  back-end using (php cms framework) and wordpress over 2 year of well-rounded experience.  also i do have some application in ml and nlp and data science and some expertise in making web scrapper. 
full stack developer currently working with angular / .net core / sql server. , algorithmica research 
hi,  i am umar hameed having experience of about 3 years in web development and 2 years in android app development. i work 10 hours monday to saturday.
i am driven front-end developer that is happy to be starting his career in gothenburg, sweden.   thought i am interested in all aspects of front-end, i have mainly focused on building web based solution for our client using popular javascript frameworks such as react and redux.   in my free time i am exploring new javascript frameworks and building my own projects.
i am an ambitious, motivated and hard working software engineer. i have done my bachelor's degree in computer software engineering from uet peshawar and my major skills are in web. i have done 2 months internship at innovision technology, peshawar after sixth semester's vacations. from there my professional web designing and development career started and now i am an experienced web developer (php codeigniter) having 1.5 years of experience. i have done a lot of projects and the main thing is i keep learning. i am also a freelancer and looking for a remote job too. currently i am working in a software house (nestsdlogics) in islamabad as a web developer but i am open for best opportunities. 
career summary & strengths  about 5 years of web development experience in various technologies and tools, key things to know about me are       ability to manage end to end web projects to ensure on-time delivery, as per requirements     comfortable in both working alone and/or with teams     can start with minimal detail, a go-getter     balanced with the required attention to detail     have also extensively worked as a front-end developer and on platforms like core php, codeigniter,          etc.     good communication and interpersonal skills, proven ability to communicate effectively with senior          management and team members  skills summary   web development  being a professional worker it is mention that completely process handling and excellent working in the following web development tools are html5, css, bootstrap3, javascript, jquery, php, codeigniter, sql and mysql.  also familiarwith  along with the web development fields, working on many other platforms and acknowledgement of excellent work in the following php frameworks are codeigniter.  ui / ux development  build user interfaces for e-commerce and online service provider websites. front-end development as well as collaborated with senior design & development team.  other learning skills  learning lamp and php frameworks, python, node js, react js, linux
i'm a mechatronic engineer who's passionate about all things tech, people and the environment. i've worked in a range of areas from project management to technical engineering and software developer positions, and enjoy the challenges and learning experiences gained through each new role. the best part of my job is working with people to solve problems   sharing knowledge of new processes, skills and ways of thinking. 
3 year extensive experience of defining and implementing product requirements, business plans, and marketing strategies for multiple internal clients.   posses extensive project experience with an in depth knowledge to accurately capture customer needs and deliver value-added solutions. have successfully managed, facilitated and delivered projects in a wide range of disciplines ranging from web site development, financial application , fitness and nutrition ,  custom application software development and software testing.  skilled at applying project management methodologies and principles, have demonstrated strong written and oral communications skills. my diversified expertise includes  business/technology alignment, project delivery, process development and refinement, software testing, requirements definition, delivery of packaged software.   programming languages  php, xml, json, html/xhtml, ajax/java script  frame works  code ignitor , laravel   cms  wordpress , prestashop
profile advanced web developer with 1 year of experience in structuring, developing and implementing interactive websites. innovative use of technology and seo to drive traffic and engage users. able to complete projects efficiently and satisfy customers with attractive, user-friendly websites.  areas of expertise  advanced programming and design skills web content management landing page development roject management strong collaborative skills website optimization excellent problem solving skills 
i have a background in web development and experience of successfully designing a websites layout, usability and appearance. i   ve had the opportunity of working for several web design companies  this has given me extensive web designing knowledge and technical skills.
highlights  html, css, javascript, c#, java, .net, android studio, intelij, visual studio, eclipse, git, github, frontend-utvecklare, mjukvaruutvecklare, systemutvecklare, programmerare, applikationsutvecklare
i fellow to employment in an organization where i perceive that i am learning something latest, where jobs are not repetitive and where new technologies are advised. i don't obtain work as trouble, that   s why i take pleasure to complete my duties and try to do my best for the supreme possible outcomes.  summary   7 years of experience in web development and in-depth knowledge of latest technologies (.net framework, c#.net ,java, android app, sqlit, asp.net, html5, wordpress, magento,  php, mysql , sql server, entity (database first approach), ajax, javascript).      have capability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and meet deadlines.     work well as a team member or independently.     ability to take the lead on technical issues and investigations until the problem is solved. , arshadm0in ,
it is fun to code, it is fun to design and create, 
experienced web developer and web designer who has worked on various projects. skilled in wordpress, c#, asp.net core, entity framework, javascript, angularjs, sql, html and css. friendly and communicative, agile team player and motivated for learning and working on new things. 
a stellar software designer with many live projects under her name. she has extensive experience with programming languages (php, javascript), ui/ux design, and ecommerce platforms (woocommerce, shopify).  she has worked with a dynamic mix of companies that have granted her diverse experience in terms of project scalability and required skill sets. her portfolio includes prestigious names like shan foods, pakistan sign language, and lucky cement.  the software specialist is impassioned about social causes and has used her talent to deliver projects like childlifefoundation.org, and aboutdivorce.org. nida is presently working remotely. ,
i am a software engineer  development   wordpres, php, asp.net mvc4,mvc5, with c#   web designing landing page or template for (joomla, wordperss, html5+css3 +jquery,bootstrap). wordpress theme designing   documentation  using uml 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the software industry. skilled in php, mysql, ajax,  jquery, c#, python, html, css. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of science (bs) focused in computer science from dadabhoy institute of higher education. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in microsoft word, php, wordpress, management, and html. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science (bs) focused in computer engineering from sir syed university of engineering and technology. ,
theme development and sql administration with 2+ years of experience working in different organizations. possessimpeccable written and verbal communication skills and excellent interpersonal skills. i also work in python face recognition to find the data of missing person detailed of this project is below here  we develop an application in which we create a pre defined database that contains information of 100 people. in front end user view we provide rescue and police option that will be authorized person to use this application. the user uploads an image by using upload option from front end interface and that tap on search button. our program match image into the data base and get result related to an image. this application is usually built for child and old psycho patient that recently missed by his/her home. we use bootstrap, html, css, python and sql server 2008 for build this application 
software engineer with 2+ years of professional experience in it industry. my specialties are in c# programming and asp.net development also asp.net core & angular js/5+, development . most of my projects are using, object oriented design principles and including system requirements collection, architecture, design, coding, development, deployment, testing, maintenance and enhancement in variety of technological platforms. ,
 promising front end developer with 10+ years of experience in ui/ux development. professional knowledge of angular , mfarhankz , 
specialize in web design and development solutions for small and mid-size businesses. developing wordpress themes, plugins, ecommerce websites and other web apps
my personal goal is to develop both professionally and personally through devotion and qualitative contributions to projects i'm involved in. an ongoing goal is to always stay ahead in technical changes and continuously to develop skills in various programming techniques and methods.   specialties  agile development, web applications, asp.net, c#, t-sql, visual studio, scrum, kanban ,
specialties  web design, html (div), css, logo design, business cards, invitation card, brochure, banner ads, print design ... etc , asifrana201 ,
an experienced web developer helping businesses creating an online presence. i create and design professional websites for businesses to give them dynamic appearance & presence online for greater growth.  i am also an experienced customer support specialist with great expertise in customer support, technical support, and customer onboarding. i help customers to make sure their issues are resolved with the best possible methods and make them feel home. 
i'm a software engineer. working in open source languages related to web development and desktop applications. i am working in technologies php, mysql, wordpress, c#.net, sql server, asp.net, html5, css, javascript, and bootstrap 4 , sadia__ch ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer science. skilled in wordpress,html,php,sql,c++ and  microsoft office. 
to effectively contribute my skills and knowledge to the organization and grow professionally and personally. , sarketer 
hi i am kanwar fahad, who works in web development and designing sector, i am young, enthusiastic and more importantly willing to make my mark in the market. i have expertise in html, css, bootstrap, wordpress, javascript, jquery, php and mysql. ,
as a web designer and developer, my objective is to make a positive impact on clients, co-workers, and the internet using my skills and experience to design compelling and attractive websites. i enjoy working on projects that involve a mix of web and graphic design, web development, database management and programming.my aim in life is to facilitate people in the field of development by using new and latest technologies. my area of expertise                                laravel5                               php                               wordpress                               mysql,mysqli,pdo                               jquery/javascript                                html                                css3 ,
i've completed my bachelors degree with the fyp in android. i have 6 months experience in web development. am now looking for a job in either frontend or backend side in web development , maqbool haroon shahid safdar & co , web developer 
i am excellent at content writing, having 6 months of experience in web content writing, keyword research and analyzing issues that are affecting indexing of websites that are developed in wordpress, doing both on-page and off page seo. currently working as a project manager. ,
i have more than 5 years of experience in web development ,design and it related jobs. i completed my graduation in computer science and engineering and masters student in sweden. 
front end developer designer / front-end developer with 4 years of designing / development & management experience, intermediate in computer science, and experienced freelance designer.     especially skilled in photshop, illustrator, html / css wordpress.     proven ability to manage projects. skilled in communicating with clients. i find great interest in all new digital technologies and latest design practices. i work with a strong technical team so we can take your idea and turn it into a successful product that users will enjoy.
multi-faceted engineer with a passion for web and app development. specializing in java spring, react js and aws.
working experience primarily in asp.net, c# and sql. i have handled full stack, frontend and backend developer roles.  my recent focus has been on front end development with angular 8 and .net core apis.  i also have experience as robotic process automation developer using automation anywhere.  i am a very result-driven individual, fast learner and a team player. ,
i am a developer. i landed on the moon as a developer intern in 2014, got hired, and have been developing wordpress and hubspot websites, working with customer satisfaction and keeping my colleagues happy since then.  being on the moon for as long as i have kinda makes you the office all-rounder handyman. i have been working with design, development, customer service, support, servers & dns, team leading and is the allround  go-to problem solving guy  for my colleagues.   i love my job, everyday is different with new challenges and/or opportunities so let's the most of it.  - igomoon helps companies reach their growth goals through data-driven communication, hubspot technology and crisp content. this means better customer experience, more website traffic, leads and increased demand for your products and services.
web developer having an extensive experience of web application development using php,oop,mvc, codeigniter, yii, html, css, bootstrap, java script, j query, ajax,  rds, mysql & mongodb. self motivated web-based software engineer versed with 3 years in software development. i am a workaholic person and believes in satisfying delivery of projects. i am flexible enough with technologies to easily switch according to the situation and business needs. i can perform far better in under pressure situations and take the responsibilities, owns the design, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards
i am an engineer experienced in multiple technological areas - from web technologies, software development in java or android development using kotlin, to interactive media technologies with focus on sound. i always strive for professional and personal development, love to be challenged and enjoy being around forward thinking and motivating individuals. ,
3 year of experience in websites development in php and mysql server     extensive knowledge of development (client/server and web based application) using php .     good working knowledge of html5, css (3), ajax, jquery, java script.     extensive object oriented design and development skills.     capacity of utilizing software design patterns, data structures and algorithms, component-based software, real-time systems development and adapting to work in any stage of software development life-cycle.     experience using frameworks like codeigniter, laravel, symfony and bootstrap.     experience using cms (wordpress).     versatile team player as well as independent contributor.     a good team player with strong ability to learn and adapt new skills and makes efforts to do the work at hand and manage time effectively. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in creation of websites, systems and mobile apps. skilled in object-oriented programming (oop), cascading style sheets (css), php, html, and javascript.  have done work for such a big company's website and system of nestle kitchen. strong professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer software engineering from comsats institute of information and technology. ,
experienced owner with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in microsoft excel, microsoft word, public speaking, research, and microsoft powerpoint. strong business development professional graduated from university of azad jammu and kashmir. ,
i  have completed software engineering  . i have about 2 years experience as working as web developer.  i am also good  at project management and know how to deal with lengthy projects. my ambition is to be a  pixel perfect in every aspects of job . , engineerdani techliance , web developer 
hello i am web developer with more then 3 year experience i have completed many web based projects that are working all over the world now i have started working as freelancer. i love to perform challenging task try me if you have any doubt , intellectual works , web developer 
working of wordpress frame work genesis, did multiple projects throughout my career. have excellent knowledge and experience in responsive sites. , upthink 
i am an expert web developer and web designer, so passionate about creating impressive and innovative website designs. i do work hard and make my full effort for achieving goals of the given project. ,
experienced founder with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, wordpress, html, bootstrap, media query, jquery, public speaking, and management. strong entrepreneurship professional with a bscs focused in computer software engineering from dadabhoy institute of higher education . , itssalmankhatri 
skilled in laravel and sql with adequate knowledge of  html, css and javascript. strong engineering professional with a accp pro diploma in software development focused in computer science from aptech computer center and bachelor's from dawood university of engineering and technology. , kreatix solutions
expert in wordpress development also having grip on javascript, jquery.  have an experience in building custom plugins, custom development in wordpress, speed optimisation of wordpress sites. ,
i am a web developer for several years, now specializing in cms based websites such as wordpress. taking web development as a profession not only fulfills my pocket but also my heart because it has been my passion since my early teenage. i have acquired my web development skills by determination. for years, i have developed websites for clients from saudia arabia, pakistan, and america.  my goal is always to meet my client's expectations.  to summarize, i am skilled, expert and knowledgeable in the following fields  wordpress, languages such as php, java, javascript, html, css, bootstrap. web ui/ux designs, website backend, etc.  client's satisfaction is my first priority ever, so you gonna get 100% satisfied by my work and i am sure that if you hire me, i will present you with many successful projects with minimal efforts from your side. 
i started my career as a web developer in 2016. i have achieved good experience in web development | wordpress development and worked on different frameworks of wordpress. i am working as a web developer at rock valley tours and shimshal adventure shop. i am also an seo (search engine optimization) manager.   portfolio  gilgit-baltistan girls football league (gbgfl)  i am also a soccer(football) player.  i've been playing soccer for the last three years at al-shams fc. , al shams women football club , web developer 
experienced and motivated frontend web developer, with additional experience in photography, video and tv production. i love combining my technical skills with creativity!
i am a web developer currently working for devbeans. my cardinal interests are web development, data science, and social systems. besides merely knowing to code, i'm an enthusiastic, performance-driven self-starter and a team player. always looking to work, learn, and develop in an environment that promotes creative and innovative thinking. i am impassive mostly looking for skills development opportunities. 
i am php web developer, i have 5 years experience of web development, i have built various websites, blogs & web portals from the scratch. i have been working on these technologies and tools  html5, ccs3, javascript, jquery, ajax, php, mysqli,  wordpress, plugin development, photoshop, dreamweaver. before this i have been working as a search engine optimizer (seo) and social media marketer (smm) more than 2 years. i loves to learn programming languages specially for web development, i am passionate about to learn php and wordpress (cms). , javedurrehman ,
total 5 years experience in enterprise web application development. well experienced with developing various web applications using web language, mvc frameworks, e-commerce cms ( i.e. php, mysql, drupal, magento, code igniter, html5-css3, javascript ).  experience with single page applications using react, redux, react router.  good level of experience with developing web applications, especially e-commerce systems.  ( i.e. magento)  experienced with software development methodology agile/scrum for daily development routine. collaborative, solutions-driven web developer with experience in all phases of the software development lifecycle, including client management. 
i love website as this is the only profession i'm involved from last 2 years. i do have strong knowledge in web design and development. photohsop, css3, html5, xhtml, cross browser compiled layout. as well for programming php, mysql, ajax, jquery, symfony, wordpress. i can do website design, logo design, banner design, web site development, wordpress website, ecommerce website, real estate website, travel web development and much more... ,
whether its code, data, design, or management, i constantly take on many evolving roles to fit the need of clients, or employers. i have almost a decade of experience of everything from database design, to front-end ux and every complex piece in between. 
code programmer , web developer 
i love learning latest technologies whether thats the frontend or backend. and i love the saying of steve jobs that, only way to do great work is to  love what you do . , pakistan stock exchange 
professional software engineer with more than 1.5 year experience in web development.develop many websites for different clients.also having strength in php  larval development frame work.passionate and goal oriented software engineer. , hop - 'the new way to neighbor'    , web developer 
2+ years of experience in the web development. delivered projects before deadline, manage projects, team and tasks, debug and resolve issue. a software engineer having professional experience in front end designing & development. i specialize in responsive designing with a strong set of skills and practical knowledge , liaquatmalik7 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in sql, asp.net mvc, databases, microsoft office, and object-oriented programming (oop). strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science (bs) focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology. 
its been 2+ years i have been working in web development. i have created several web applications in the past and currently working on a few and have satisfied the people whom i worked with my professional software development skills. i have good experience in javascript/php application development. i worked in jquery, angularjs, reactjs/redux, with l experience of php and its frameworks( ci, laravel 6+) and apis, mysql. ,
to gain confidence using my potential in the field of  web development , and express my innovative creative skills for self and company growth 
i am a passionate web developer with 1.5 year of experience laravel web developer building virtual platforms for organizations at a professional level. i'm highly capable of working with pure php web applications, laravel, wordpress, bootstrap, css, html, javascript, restful api and etc. i'll make you proud with my work. i am creative and detail-oriented in designing platforms that are functional and user-friendly. i have a strong understanding of the use of seo and social media in building brand awareness and gaining visibility in search engine rankings. i also value the use of mobile programming to design a well-rounded platform that caters to the unique needs of each customer i serve. ,
experienced office associate with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in wordpress, jquery, responsive web design, web design, and bootstrap. i have a experience of 3 years in web development and designing. strong administrative professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer science from university of the punjab. ,
full-stack web developer / ux designer.  i discover problems, design solutions, build experiences. and, i'm fairly confident i don't suck at any of them. ,
more than 1 years of development experience in various tools and technologies such as php, laravel, payment methods, mysql, xml, html ,html5, responsive theme/bootstrap, javascript , json ,jquery/ajax, social apis, scrum and agile. 
web developer, python programmer, chess player, philosopher!! 
i'm husnain tariq, a passionate website developer. having been in this business for the last two years, i have had a very successful history of helping hundreds of clients, giving them hardcore, growth-oriented web solutions. my core expertise lies in website design, wordpress website development, and wordpress website customization. i am looking forward to helping clients. 
experienced graphic web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. strong media and communication professional skilled in wordpress, html, css, js, bootstrap, adobe photoshop, and adobe illustrator. , fm_brohi ,
web developer, working on encouraging projects, in a team of motivated professionals. 
driven by the passion for web development and motivated to learn something new everyday, i am constantly trying to make myself a better developer and at the same time, polishing the skills i have already acquired. i am a hardworking and passionate person, looking forward to new and meaningful experiences in my field. 
to work with a company that appreciates innovation so that i can enhance my knowledge and skills to give my best for the growth of the company. , echo | digital marketing 
communication skill is good for connecting to the fellow members in the group when doing a project. learning new things and the new platform is my passion.  
an ambitious web developer  who would like to join a team of like-minded developers. a  full-stack developer (both frontend and backend) with more than 6 year work experience in a variety of exciting projects. good experience in agile development and tdd  . a strong communicator with the ability to convey ideas clearly with an emphasis on client satisfaction. very focused and willing to learn from workmates and use that knowledge to get a better understanding. ability to work confidently under pressure and capable to learn from mistakes and success. i am willing to work as a frontend or backend or full-stack developer role
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in psd to wordpress, coffeescript, css, css3, bootstrap, jquery, and responsive web designs . strong engineering professional with a master   s degree focused in computer science from the islamia university of bahawalpur. ,
web developer with 1+ years of professional experience, designing and developing high-end web applications, enhancing user experience with smart as well as smooth controls, along with the architectural approach of web engineering, seeking efficiency along with code elegance. skilled in codeigniter, laravel, wordpress mysql, javascript, jquery, 3rd party apis integration, cms, javascript, jquery and bootstrap. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of software engineering.  to learn more about my past experiences
hi i am a front end developer and if you are viewing my profile for any suitable person for your company than i hope to become the newest member of your team.i probably have the experience and knowledge that your company is searching for  as i have spent more than 6 years working with web development.  i have experience creating website codes and skins using dotnetnuke cms, i am experienced in psd to joomla, psd to dotnetnuke, less.js, responsive website designs, bootstrap and jquery. i am also familiar with html 4 and 5 and css3. i have the ability to design and develop high quality codes and then test these codes to make sure they work correctly. i also have the experience needed to follow and match all specification and coding standards (w3c standards).   if any problem is found during testing, i can find a suitable solution to solve the issue in a fast and efficient manner to keep the project on track. i worked with several web development and other agencies and all of them admit that no one is better than me to find the solution of the problems. i possess excellent writing skills and the knowledge to keep detailed records of the work being performed. my skills also includes monitoring and maintaining designs and codes to ensure high quality control for the website.   i am self-motivated so i can work alone but i also have great interpersonal skills that make it easy to work with a team both inside and outside the company. i can work on more than one project at once while maintaining the highest level of efficiency. , faizan_dnn_exp ,
frontend developer with previous experience in retail, focus on how to give our customers and users the best experiences possible. while making the most of our websites whether its online shopping or just a communication portal with our customers.
php web developer having profound knowledge of web development with more than  3 years of experience as a professional web developer.   good at building websites and web applications from scratch to end using latest web technologies.  eager to learn new web technologies and advancements in web world to enhance my knowledge and skills.  i am passionate what i do and always give 100%. when i understand a project or task, i don   t just complete it, i go the extra mile and make it better than the requested. ,
looking for the opportunity to bring my experience with desktop, web and mobile app development to a software engineer position with the company incorporating critical thinking, problem solving, and leadership. 
i am looking for to growth oriented position. i am therefore keen to find a new suitably challenging role in your esteemed organization where efforts and abilities are appreciated.  i am an enthusiastic and dedicated professional with feasible experience. a person who is able to develop and motivate the other to achieve targets. i can demonstrate a strong ability to manage projects from conception to successful completion. a proactive individual with a logical approach to challenge. i perform effectively even within a highly pressurized working environment. , devronix solutions llc , web developer 
involved in both the fields of web development and graphic design. ability to understand client needs from an early stage and actualize projects through design and development. experience in leadership roles, guiding both designers and developers through project completion. involvement working with large and small teams, as well as independently. 
hanif jadoon software engineering from university of peshawar ,pakistan . specialty mean stack developer, web developing and designing  with 4+ years practical experience in different it industry . nowadays i am working in andpercent company as backend developer using nodejs also worked in code for pakistan at durshal(kpitb) past kpitb and itec(information technology excellence center),kpk .the main thing which i would like that's  believing in hard work as an honest guy, belief on practical work, i want to work with an organization providing a healthy environment and opportunity to work as a team member i can utilize my knowledge and professional skills with my full devotion.  *. nodejs using express  *. web development   core php,php framework, javascript , jquery , ajax ,xml. *. framework   codeigniter *. web designing  bootstrap ,html5 , css,jquery , photoshop *. banner designing   photoshop *. database  mysql *. operating system  windows *.tools   netbeans , phpstorm ,dreamweaver , sublimetext *.project acquired skills  development, design
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in android, unity3d and databases. strong engineering professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in computer software engineering from international islamic university. , laraibazzad trillium information security systems 
experienced developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. strong engineering professional skilled in cascading style sheets (css), bootstrap, css sprites, wordpress,html, php, laravel, javascript, jquery and codegnitor ,
enhancing digital service is my passion and coding is my pleasure. problem solving is my trusty of soul. finally innovation is my goal. 
senior web developer,specialize in custom solution development on wordpress or core php, recently done fue projects of shopify custom theme development, currently get my hands dirty with vue.js...  #wordpress #php #vue.js , hammad_oct 
hi, my name is rehan ashraf. i'm web developer. welcome to my profile! , meshtech solutions 
exceptionally creative and dependable entry level it professional with a stellar customer service record and superb work ethic. broadly and deeply knowledgeable. seeking a position to assist in company   s needs and learn more as part of it industry through my following skills       c# development     user support installation, configuration and troubleshooting software and hardware.     web technologies including asp.net core. rest api, angular.     databases including postgresql, ms sql server, mysql server and oracle.     web designing ,
skilled in web application technologies and still working on developing some more awesome open source technology skills. , jeeglo , web developer 
i have good expertise in web development. programming is my passion , minhasoft , web developer 
a highly-motivated, ambitious and committed individual with a solid background in development. excellent communication skills combined with the ability to liaise effectively at all levels.  self-motivated and resourceful as well as possessing strong analytical skills.  i can cover the whole lifecycle of development as part of working together.  this includes getting creative and offering my expertise when it comes to features and design. meeting goals, making deadlines and consistently challenging myself to learn is a top priority.  i am both detail and goal-oriented and thrive in a fast-paced environment.
i have 5 skills. first of all  1. web design and development. 2. mobile app development. 3. wordpress development. 4. social media marketing. 5. customer service representive. , wizweb technology , web developer 
i'm a passionate web developer, virtual assistant, and business developer. i've worked a year as a web developer and designer. 1 year as a product and import manager. and right now working as a remote web developer for arando.io, getgeniuspro, global markets system, ieo labs, etc. and virtual assistant on freelancer. i'm also a student of bachelors of science in computer sciences from the virtual university of pakistan. and having a diploma in software engineering from aptech. i'm on experience level and would love to connect the like-minded people who could share their experience in ideas.  looking forward to connecting with you  ) 
working to make this world a better place to live for humanity. #webdeveloper #wordpress #java , punjab police pakistan , police station assitant 
experienced business owner with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry. skilled in web development, web design, logo design, typography, user interface design, editing and graphic design. strong business development professional. , kallewangstedt 
experienced wordpress developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. strong engineering professional skilled in php, wordpress, jquery, databases, and .net framework.
experienced senior software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the software industry. skilled in google checkout, twitter, php, wordpress, and paypal integration. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science (bs) focused in computer science from university of karachi. 
currently working as a web developer at aplome. previously worked as a web developer intern at civil aviation authority and a lotus developer at customer support center bahria town. , aplome , web developer 
from the very beginning, i had a passion to read & write, loved to play around with words to make my content talk & breathe all thanks to the assistance from my teachers and trainers. i had initially started my education in the science discipline, however, i soon realized i had a knack for writing. thus, i pursued a degree in english literature & linguistic from numl islamabad and successfully achieved the skill to bring out the best in content & tweak it to the client's desire. as a passionate writer, i constantly seek challenging content writer tasks to work upon. 
specialties  drupal, html, css, sass, javascript , ,strong in design and integration problem-solving skills. good in, html css basic php, and wordpress design and customization. expert in illustrator and adobe photo shop. good in editing and applying effect on videos using various software such as adobe after effects, adobe premiere and wondershare filmora. good written and verbal communications. looking forward to join your company and apply my skills to make it reach new heights. currently working as frontend and wordpress developer. ,
experienced junior web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in microsoft word, php, jquery, databases, laravel, and codeigniter. strong engineering professional with a software engineering focused in information technology from aptech computer education. 
with full-stack web development experience for global businesses, i offer the technical expertise you are seeking for. in this position, i have managed web development projects for clients in various businesses including technology, manufacturing, pharmaceutical, hospitality, f&b, retail and financial services. i am fully capable for developing robust, high-speed web and mobile apps, my web development work has facilitated produce profits, accelerate client acquisition, and deliver an industry-leading competitive benefit. please review my portfolio, which delivers details of these projects and examples of skills in      web development using wordpress, php, codeigniter, html5, css3, javascript,          jquery
codeigniter developer at applicon soft. currently working on web applications in  codeigniter.  skills  php codeigniter api development rest api's ajax request. jquery. html css database. sql ,
system developer since 2002, (~4 in java and the rest in .net/javascript). working mainly with web development. a lot of angularjs & episerver development but also a lot of jquery, javascript, asp.net & css/rwd. ,
this letter is to present myself for an available position in your organization.  i   m an ui/ux with 4 years of extensive and diverse experience in a number of commercial projects. solid understanding of w3 standards, usability and aesthetics, together with my sound knowledge on ux development, i have developed many wordpress cms driven websites, mobile responsive sites, portals and applications. ,
web developer with 1 year of experience in different phases of software development life cycle (sdlc) including design, implementation, and testing during the development of software applications. excellent object-oriented design and development skills with a focus on java se. dedicated and self-motivated with a solid educational background in computer science. 
innovative web developer with 1 year experience building various types of websites using html, css, javascript, wordpress, php working in a team set up with the capacity to train others in web management, is desirous in establishing a career with a world-renowned it company ,
opportunity to work with the latest technologies. strong team builder and leader and have high level of personal morals and integrity, willing to work hard and have a great desire to learn. , comstar isa 
technically creative and detail-oriented developer with proven performance. ability to balance creativity with thoughtful, pragmatic technical solutions. enthusiastic, self-driven and honest.  key skills   website development  .net framework, c#, asp.net mvc, linq, entity framework, ajax, javascript, jquery, json, webservices, wcf, asp.net web api, microsoft sql server,  mobile app development  android studio, xcode, jquerymobile, html5
i am a web developer  i have a 3+ years of professional experience in this field.  during this experience i have designed & developed vast variety of website.  in order to make my projects successfully complete, i use latest technologies like html5, css3, bootstrap 3 & 4, jquery, wordpress and php.  these are some of more expertise   -react -wordpress website designing - shopify store designing - psd to html5 using any of css framework.  - sketches to html  - image to html  - psd to bootstrap.  - responsive designs  - web development  portfolio for web desiging and development 
i have worked on many web application projects. i hands on php, oop, and php freamworks.  i hands on project management, deployment, monitoring, support, testing and security of web applications. i'm also comfortable with vcs like git and github. i have also contributed in many open source repositories.  freamworks   _ laravel  databases   _ mysql  programming language  _ php _ javascript ,
i'm currently working in college of physicians and surgeons pakistan (cpsp) as a junior software / web developer, i have worked in  matz solutions and in software pattern as junior software developer. i did my bachelors from bahria university in software engineering from 2013 to 2017.
working as a web developer in arhamsoft (ltd). , arhamsoft (pvt) ltd , web developer ,i'm an expert in the development of web applications and wordpress websites. i have done a lot of work on these. i have completed many projects properly and in the given time. i have also developed custom web applications of many types. my clients have a very pleasant interaction with me. i have been working to create and customize blogs for three years. i have also created many online sites like e-commerce sites, online booking systems, and many blogs. i have also skills in html, css, bootstrap, php, javascript, and mysql and can do any work in these. ,
pakistan , over 10+ years of experience in managing the administration and public relations. thorough understanding of the value of integrated marketing strategies and plans. strong managerial,   interpersonal and communication skills. excellent multi-tasking, organizational and time-                management skills. ability to thrive in a demanding environment requiring a high degree of deadline-driven productivity, commitment, adaptability, communication, initiative and follow- through. strong attention to detail and commitment to delivering quality results. , ahsaaan_umar 
experienced freelance web developer with a demonstrated history of  building and managing sites for individuals, small businesses and organizations.   additionally, i offer white label services to other developers, designers and agencies who need support with project management, website builds, or any other overflow work.   my skill set includes project management (asana, trello, jira, teamwork, trello, git, bitbucket etc.), website evaluations, information architecture, domain names, hosting, site migrations, cpanel, html
experienced senior web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in php, wordpress, magento, magento 2, html and xhtml. strong engineering professional with a intermediate focused in international business/trade/commerce from commerce college karachi. 
i'm a web designer and  developer from karachi pakistan having several years of experience in the industry with a proven track record of successful achievements.  my only focus is to go beyond the industry standards, and help my clients achieve their goals, improve online  presence, develope the site's conversion rate and clearly covey their key message to the targeted audience.    instead of just making a website and closing the deal, i make a lifetime connection with customers, to make them get my assistance  whenever they need, without any kind of maintenance fee or  additional charges.  want to work with me  let's get connected at our official website wagasoft.com 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in web design (html5, css3, js, es6), react, react-native, node.js, mongodb, laravel, mysql, adobe photoshop. strong work ethics with a master's degree focused in computer science from karachi university. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in graphics, php, responsive web design, graphic design, and web design. strong engineering professional graduated from studies software-engineering at mirpur university of science and technology (m.u.s.t) mirpur a.k. . 
applie product services , web developer  ,self-employed , frontend web developer ,precise software peshware , web developer ,experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in sql, php, c++, eclipse, and object-oriented programming (oop). strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science (bs) focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology. 
my objective to obtain a challenging position where each day brings something new and challenging that desires creativity to solve it, which will allow me to expand upon my education and continue to accumulate knowledge, skills for the, mutual benefit of the organization and my career.   my skills & abilities are    frontend development  - html and cascading style sheet (css). - html5, css3  - responsive websites using css3  media queries - bootstrap 3 - developing seo optimized theme  - cross browser compatibility - w3c standards and accessibility aware - javascript - jquery - firebase - wordpress - magento  backend development - wordpress theming using theme management panel  - wordpress plugin making & customization - magento theming - php  app development - version control using git - react - react native - redux  i am currently studying following languages   - javascript ninja - typescript - angular 4 - android and ios apps - node.js and express with typescript - gulp with typescript , shayanmemon27 ,
i am a fresh graguated bscs from sir syed university. i am interested to work in asp.net,i also worked as a it assistent in artistic apparels ltd. now i want to do job as a asp.net developer. , kingdom vision 
creative web developer dedicated to building and optimizing the performance of user-centric, high-impact websites for nationwide. leverage technical, analytical and problem-solving skills to create dynamic, high-speed websites, apps and platforms fueling competitive advantage and revenue growth. expertise  1- web development 2- site troubleshooting 3- digital & ecommerce strategy 4- coding & programming 5- ux & ui design 6- crm & cms platforms 7- hosting & maintenance 8- information architecture , muhammad_asif0 
experienced freelance web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in python, debian, wordpress, linux system administration, and .net framework. ,
software engineer with working experience of web development having interest in learning new technologies, modern tools and techniques and software packages to create effective it solutions in an international environment. highly motivated team player, who has ability to perform confidently and effectively under pressure and thrives on challenge. enthusiastic learner, able to grasp concepts and technical skills quickly. ability to work both independently and in team environment.  i'm looking forward for an experience that is both intellectually and professionally valuable. i'm looking for an opportunity in an ambitious company that can offer development training, project-based learning and a mentoring program.  my objectives are to sense software innovations though creating, sharing and implementing knowledge. moreover, i want to learn and improve my skills in a comfortable yet professional environment so that i can add something positive in my career. 
experienced senior web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in html, software development, javascript, json, and c#. strong engineering professional with a diploma focused in mern stack developer from uit. ,
i am a website developer mostly build projects on wordpress i have many satisfied clients and have keen interest to learn more about the new technologies. , 707 news , senior web an 
i have developed a wide range of websites using hmtl, dhtml, php, and mysql including sites for startup companies and small businesses. my core competency lies in complete end-end management of a new website development project, and i am seeking opportunities to build websites from the ground up for you or your business. i also have some experience in the following areas  sql, ajax, oop, asp net c# . , twikam1 ,
to work with an organization where i can fully utilize my knowledge, skills and experience for mutual growth. a highly resourceful, innovative, and competent php developer with extensive experience in the layout, design and coding of websites specifically in php format. 
working on various web frameworks currently (angular5+) and integrating restful web services api's with developing creative ui/ux designs with also doing version controlling with (git) and doing the server operations (docker build) etc. , brainplow , web developer 
student at software engineering, seasoned freelancer having experience in multiple frameworks and languages. projects i've worked on are as following. --chat room applications --biometric based authentication --voice command controlled automation system --chatbot running on the top of node js. --web apis in express js --number of desktop apps --3rd party apis including facebook, twitter, instagram, twillio, sendgrid and more. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in laravel/php, making restfull apis, javascript/jquery, ajax and html. strong engineering professional with a master focused in information technology from minhaj university lahore. ,
hello, my name is muhammad suleman and i belong to the very fertile land of khyber pathkoon khwa. i am a dweller of jandola where i received my basic education from comprehensive public high school dera ismail khan. it was there that i studied metrics and intermediate ics from govt college jandola fr tank. during my time at university at buitems i learned to allocate my time and energies into my studies to achieve the best results. i spend five to seven hours a day apart from my time in class studying and reading research related to the information from my classes.  and that is how i maintained my excellent academic record. i continue to use study time to explore the many aspects of software development and how new software development plays such an important role in this rapidly advancing aspect of our modern world.      apart from my studies i also joined student affairs council and became coordinate of event management club.  as coordinate of event management club buitems students affair i took part in many international, national and university level conferences and seminars. i accomplished this along with my studies.  student affairs activities was very important to me because it allowed me to help other students that were struggling.  i want to become an information technology professional and bring these advanced technologies to my nation and its people.  after graduation i stared working with turnotech a telecom based company,very fast i realize to join my software industry, now i am work as a web developer at haramayn group of company lahore. ,
software engineer working as web developer with handsome experience in core php, codeigniter , wordpress , javascript , mysql. completed many projects for clients. very good learner and excellent team worker with excellent communication skills ,
i,m a web developer at webpreneur academy peshawar and working in php framework laravel. , webpreneur acamdey peshawar 
i'm a web developer who encompass many different skills and disciplines online and offline. i am highly passionate about creating remarkable and creative web development and turning them into semantic mark-up language (html/css/javascript/jquery) web pages that are cross-browser compatible. along with developing wordpress custom themes, and creating interactive e-learning courses is among my on-the-job experiences. i just love what i do and very passionate about my career.  but over my career and what i have learned along the way has taught me that my professional values and experiences boils down to the following   1. i am a highly collaborative professional that doesn't care who gets the credit but wins overall for the customer and business. it is a win-win for everyone. 2. work with what you know and learn what you don   t. it   s absolutely important as a web developer to always adopt new tools and skills. 3. ability to think quickly and effectively to iterations in projects. to swiftly react to any issues that may arise and make necessary change. i easily adapt to changes and reflect on the overall projects outcome. 4. if i don't know the answer, i will figure it out. 5. resourceful team player who can work within a group or a self-starter to achieve a common goal.   -with more than 3 year experience of web web developer & web designing, currently involving in static and dynamic web pages integration with wordpress, bootstrap, laravel, codeigniter.  specialities  my specialities in xhtml div base layout,bootstrap jquerylibraries javascript, ajax, jason, html 5, css3, responsive css(bootstrap), designs/development. ,
concept creation , web developer  ,more than 3 years experience in software development including mobile applications, mean stack, mern stack and react-native. 
visual creativeness , php web developer ,web developer with a demonstrated history of working with angular and reactjs. skilled in income tax, automated software testing, html, software testing life cycle (stlc), and adobe aftereffects. strong engineering professional acquiring a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer science from national university of computer and emerging sciences. 
i started development with web application development with simple core php, after then according to industry requirements i started development with php frameworks like laravel and codeigniter. i also started android application development during my bachelor study period time. i found that shifting domains in development field is very joyful experience. , tbox solutionz smc pvt ltd 
i love to program things that work in real world and are useful for people in their business. i am professional, reliable and responsible for the work i do. i am very talented and creative about my field. i have been interested in programming since childhood. learning to new things about my field is my hobby. my passion is web and smart phones application development. 
for around a year now, i have been working as a front-end developer with technologies such as html, css, js, jq, mysql, php and angular. i have a good grip on tools such as wordpress, visual studio code, sublime, bootstrap, photoshop and many more. my goal is becoming a full-stack developer in the near future through mentorship, self-learning and occasional experimentations. when i'm not tapping away at the keyboard, i like to travel to new destinations, taste a wide variety of cuisines, or engage myself in a healthy competition of multiplayer gaming with my friends. ,
working as full stack web developer. past experiences as alarm operator and technician.
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in embedded javascript (ejs), ajax, research, bootstrap, and cascading style sheets (css). strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in computer science from quaid-i-azam university, islamabad. 
senior web developer ,i am a front-end web developer and back-end developer specialist. i have spent the one year working as a front-end developera and back-end developer. my experience falls under three areas  front-end technologies (html5, css3, responsive, javascript, jquery), content management systems development and theming (php,mysql,mvc) and email development (including responsive email development). i also have a good understanding in working with back-end technologies using php and mysql. i can also effectively use adobe suite of programs including adobe photoshop.  i have also been developing my design skills as i have worked extensively with designers.there is a detailed focus on the ui/ux side of website development that directs certain design aspects of how to guide the development of the website to be more effective.  i am a proactive person who likes to take initiative and manage the project or tasks handed down to me. i use essential tools that help me collaborate, manage and keep track of important aspects of the project to help me be more agile and efficient. i enjoy solving problems within projects and i don   t back down from challenges. thus, communication is important to me with my colleagues and i make an effort to communicate with all members of the team where it is essential to my work.  i look forward to developing my career and skill-set further in every role i take and i enjoy learning new things as i see myself being a senior web developer/php developer in the future at the cutting edge. my last role was a permanent position and i would like to continue this as i am looking for job webdeve oper/php developer, developing long term relationships and seeing projects develop from the beginning to the end. 
i have experienced on it development and now studying on information systems management. 
excellent command on written and spoken communication skills consistently approaches work with energy and a positive, constructive attitude remains calm, in control and good humored even under pressure self-management and motivated. ability to perform a variety of standard specialized and non-specialized tasks and work processes that are fully documented, researched, recorded and reported able to undertake other relevant duties as directed by supervisor ,
curious and driven front ender who is aiming for becoming a fullstack developer. i am passionate about development since it gives me the chance to create something new, lets me work with problem solving and to figure out how to build different functions and components. to keep on learning always is what motivates me most.   in the future i would like to learn more programming languages, work more with javascript frameworks and backend. i aim at developing my fullstack skills since i think basically everything in programming is interesting.    my current stack is  html, css/less, javascript, jquery, vue.js, embedded javascript, mongodb and git. ,
i want to face and explore new challenges utilizing my technical, analytical and business development skills and experiences in the area of it with innovative and creative contributions. , wrqureshi ,
software company develop softwares based on different development expertise.  we have professional android or web developers with the most experience in designing with new versions of languages of java, kotlin, python, flutter with android studio, or  html, css, javascript, bootstrap, laravel, vue.js, react, or wordpress creative responsive websites works. make real-time twilio for sms, voice, mms, calling, video chat, or other useful dating and chating systems we have prominent experience in api integration done well for the last early projects on portfolio  really happy to work with you, and meetup your with all the requirements which you're wishing in within budget. have a good day dear.
i have done my bachelors(4 years) in the field of software engineering from a comsats university islamabad (attock campus), a well-known university of pakistan. i have 4 years of experience of learning and practical experience in developing software. in this long period of study, i have learned different courses related to coding and software engineering techniques, which put a solid foundation for me in computer fields, which able me to do work in any area of the computer and it. my expertise in the field of andriod application development, web development, and game development, is very strong. i am an active and broad-minded student among the others during my graduate studies of the last 4 years, very often involved in many curricular and co-curricular activities.   thanks. 
i am a certified web designer and developer. i have many skills in graphic designing and web application development front end and back end.  graphic designing 1. adobe photoshop 2. adobe illustrator 3. adobe in design 4. adobe lightroom    web developement     html, css, javascript     php, ajax, mysql     bootstrap, wordpress     c#, asp.net 
i am a software engineer, with 5 years experience as a freelancer, who prides his work as a web developer.  i am among top 20% wordpress developers on upwork with 2,000+ hours logged & 5.0 feedback rating. have successfully delivered 7 large and medium scale projects.   strong areas  back-end    php, asp front-end   html, css, html5, css3, less, javascript, jquery, bootstrap other technologies   ajax, mysql, wordpress, codeigniter  if you're looking for a tech savvy, please feel free to contact. , proammarx 
my first job training for 2months was with my uncle at their shop i worked as a sales man in 2014.then i re-work with my uncle's new shop at tariq road worked as online worker and promoted to older shop and worked as money management and leave because of exams.and now i am learning advance in web development before this i have learnt web designing & computer hardware repairing from ejiit in 2015 and in 2016 i have learnt advance excel from their
experienced co-founder with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in html, android development, software development, leadership, and web development. strong business development professional graduated from paf-karachi institute of economics & technology. 
seeking a challenging career with a progressive organization that provides an opportunity to utilize my technical skills & abilities in web development and to contribute in the growth of the organization. 
i have an interest in designing and crafting efficient modern applications, and learning new technologies and tools if need arises. , cn digital solutions 
experienced senior web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, databases, application programming interfaces and scripting. strong information technology professional with a master's degree focused in computer science from agh university of science and technology. 
kean to work on new technologies, prefer work over debate, love to face new challenges, promising attitude. i play cricket on weekends. love to watch movies. ,
dejure technologies , frontend web developer 
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in enterprise risk management, business planning, communication, management, and leadership. strong engineering professional graduated from national university of science and technology. 
i am elya i've been designing websites for a significant amount of time now. there are countless testimonials, successful clients and companies whom i worked with as techstar, startup bussinesses, techleap and many more! 
experienced freelancer skilled in full stack web development, microsoft excel, adobe premiere pro, customer service, microsoft word, enginneering drawings and sales. strong education professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer system engineering (cse) from usman institute of technology affiliated from ned university. i did diploma in information technology from infra professional institute and also have many online certifications in programming and development ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in python (programming language), jquery, html, javascript, and postgresql. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer and information sciences and support services from the islamia university of bahawalpur. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in javascript, asp.net, c#, software quality assurance, and microsoft sql server. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer software engineering from iqra university (official). 
a highly competent developer with extensive experience in programming specifically in php and its frameworks (laravel, codeigniter). for 3 years i have been involved in development of multiple diverse projects which expand from management system to customized erps. , red volcano 
am very passionate for my work and i work hard  to achieve goals , faysal asset management limited. , web developer 
i am a highly competent it professional with a proven track record in designing websites, networking and managing databases. i have strong technical skills as well as excellent interpersonal skills, enabling me to interact with a wide range of clients. i am eager to be challenged in order to grow and further improve my it skills. my greatest passion is in life is using my technical know-how to benefit other people and organisations.. i can play effective and efficient role by creating the required synergy to meet the organizational objectives and goals. 
a hard-working and motivated b.s (c.s) graduate with verbal communication, organization and numeracy skills seeking a job position in the field of computer science. pro-active and keen to learn, wishing to make a positive contribution to an i.t sector. 
worked in oracle technologies like oracle database, pl/sql, oracle developer suite,  currently working in php development at rewterz inc. as a senior web developer, working on wordpress, joomla, extjs, opensource techologies etc.  specialties  php, wordpress, joomla, oracle developer, extjs, jquery , wajidmuhammad ,
work in a challenging environment with a scope of future progress. i would like to welcome the chances to work as a part of a dynamic working team where i could make a significant contribution while developing my skills yet further. to advance my professional career regarding my field of computer science. , asdpakistan    association for sustainable development , full stack web developer 
pursuing a bachelors in computer science from iqra university 
web developer with 2+ years of experience designing, developing, and managing complex e-commerce sites and internal frameworks. 
gbatistatos metasolutions ab 
to work in a challenging environment where i can learn and grow professionally with the passage of time and to perform my duties to the best my abilities.      experience in design and development of applications using.net and web technologies like xml, css, ajax, javascript, jquery and html in n-tier architecture.     experience with tfs,git.     strong database data modeling and design skills in sql server.     ability to learn & develop using new technologies quickly.     excellent communication and interpersonal skills     a good badminton player. ,
i'm web developer and python programmer. i started programming when i was 13 and today i have experience of 5 years in programming. , self-employed , web developer 
full satack web developer |   mobile app developer |   laravel |   wordpress |   react native |   graphic designing , supersoft technologies (pvt.) ltd , mobile application developer 
to achieve a challenging and rewarding position with a dynamic group utilizing the skills developed through educational background and work experience allowing professional growth and career advancement with an opportunity to development. , eurosoft tech limited , frontend web developer 
front end web developer , techvento , frontend web developer 
all star technologies , web developer 
web development is my main interest and working with backend and frontend is what i am primarily focusing on at the moment.  my backend experience is a mix of various techniques such as php,mysql, asp.net, sql server, volusion, codeigniter, web applications development, wordpress, pyrocms, smarty, , html/html5, css/css3, jquery,  mongodb, twilio, tropo, nexmo, plivo
i'm a full-stack javascript developer based in stockholm who is also passionate about ui/ux design. currently, i work at izettle a paypal service, as a web developer working with public-facing web applications and tooling. throughout my 6+ years of professional experience, i have worked with a number of worldwide clients, such as luxury singapore furnishing brand , us logistics and furniture companies, australian design agencies, construction companies, swedish software firms and many more international and local clients, on various projects ranging from e-commerce, travel, hrms, lms to logistics and construction.  skills javascript  nodejs - koa / express / nest front end frameworks (angular, react, vue) syntax knowledge of xml, json, etc. html, css3 git http & rest firebase db - sql / postgresql / mongodb platforms - aws / heroku / netlify testing - jest / karma / test cafe / cypress 
i am passionate, innovative and committed individual. graduated as a software engineer from university of gujrat. proficient in oop and problem solving. i am working officialy as a web developer from april 2018. , upwork.com 
experienced web designer/developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in html, css, javascript, php, wordpress customization, laravel, and more. strong business development professional with a advance diploma of software engineering and focused in computer science from dadabhoy institute of higher education. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in cascading style sheets (css), php, wordpress, javascript, and json. strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in msc (it) from university of education, lahore, pakistan. 
experienced website administrator with a demonstrated history of working in the non-profit organization management industry. skilled in web development, android app development and researcher. strong media and communication professional graduated from international islamic university islamabad. , prosol partners 
i am self-directed and motivated web developer. i have developed websites using html,css, bootstrap and i am familiar with wordpress and adobe photo shop platforms. front end web development skills seeking challenging environment for refining professional skills in reputable organization to utilize my professional experience and technical skills for innovative and value added contribution towards achievement of organization goals. 
a young, enthusiastic and creative individual having a potential for achieving highest standards in work. a team player. aiming to acclimate professionalism and work ethic in a dynamic workplace. my goal is to be associated with a company where i can build a long term career in my field with opportunities for career growth, and utilize my skills to gain further experience while enhancing the company   s productivity and reputation. 
wordpress shopify react and node , morosoft , web developer 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in wordpress, codeigniter, cakephp, yii, and search engine marketing (sem). strong engineering professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in computer science from virtual universty of pakistan. 
certified web developer with almost five years of experience in database administration and website design. strong creative and analytical skills. team player with an eye for detail. hands-on html, css, javascript, jquery, php, mysql and php. goal-oriented and driven. ,
i am a front-end web developer , freelancer 
experienced ui/ux developer & designer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in cascading style sheets (css), html, software development, javascript, adobe photoshop and mysql. strong engineering professional. ,
my ambition is to work with it as a developer. i see myself as an independent worker that appreciates critic that improves my working methods. i also gladly work in teams where me and my coworkers are not afraid to share our different competences.   my experience with developing me and my good friend decided to make a complete iphone application the summer of 2011. it was an intensive time where teamwork and the result was the prime motivation. ever since, i have a big interest for programming. this interest has resulted in several games, among them an android application. over the years, i have a aquired a good understanding of applications built with modern javascript-frameworks.  personal strengths after i've been working almost a year in china and vietnam, i have become more experienced. i am not afraid to take initiative and i am able to adapt to different working cultures. i am not afraid to take on responsibilities, i want to control the result and i have a passion for successful teamwork. other strengths include  - knowledge about external facing web apps and responsive design. - private web apps with a lot of logic in the client. - web apps with    place order   -functionality, support for product cart and databaseconnection.  i am skilled with various softwares, including but not limited to vs code, visual studio, sublime text & photoshop  long experience with illustration, visual arts and bitmap-graphics.  the role of the consultant has taught me well a consultant has a constantly changing working environment and gets to see many new coworkers and technology stacks. often at the clients hq. this has been the perfect way for me to start my career within it, and has taught me many things, since. ,
i'm a web developer since 2014 as a professional. i got started my journey in software engineering in 2012. after completed my two semesters i got an opportunity to start my career as an internship in their town. so, i got started my journey with an internship for a web developer. after this, i earned the experience from multiple companies as web developer and i am proud to say that my journey still goes on. because it's not only my career it is my passion. i have also extensive experience in freelancing. i have worked a lot online on multiple outsourcing websites and clients globally.  meanwhile, i had started a startup of software house with a friend. actually, he was my classmate. very cooperative, polite and a nice person!  unfortunately, we couldn't continue our startup for a long time period. but, i learned many things such as project management, employee management, dealing with clients and most of the patience. yes, patience is the key if you would like to proceed successfully with your startup. which is my experience and observation.  during startup, i didn't leave my key strengths. yes, i am talking about my web development skills. i have been practicing with my development skills on our client's project. after the shutdown, i decided to move back to my web development job. so, i am here and happily working with my current job.  here are my key strengths      website design and development     wordpress development     front-end engineering      mobo web (responsive)     mockups/templates conversion     content management systems (cms)     maintaining the performance     diagnosing and rectifying performance issues  other specialties      co-founder      search engine optimization (seo)     mobile applications     logo/flyer/brochure design     internet research     project management     explaining and projects documentation  i enjoy traveling and eating all around the world. i'm a learner, self-motivated and always open to take new challenges.  i would be very happy to collaborate with you to achieve your goal and add value to your organization. if you feel there is something that i can help you with, please contact me. , asamad0fficial ,
looking for an opportunity to improve and prove my skills in a reputable organization , nntechnology pvt ltd , web developer 
php/wordpress developer with thorough hands-on experience in php, mysql, wordpress, html5, css3 javascript, integration of payment systems, e-commerce development.
i am sehrish fatima, a social mobiliser from quetta, baluchistan. a fresh graduate holding computer science bachelor   s degree from university    sardar bahadur khan women university, quetta   .  i am working with quetta online as a social media activist. my role is to portray the positive uses of social media to bring constructive change with different activities  social work for the community, youth awareness sessions, tree plantation activities and blood donation drives. i participate in different workshops and sessions on women harassment, women rights, youth and women empowerment, career counseling programs, communication skills, database development, photoshop, entrepreneur, and technical hands. i am also interested in extracurricular activities like sports, community gathering and voluntarism.  i consider myself an open minded, hardworking and curious girl who cares about community, as norman said    change your thoughts you will change the world   . i am person with great strength
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the software industry. skilled in php, codeignitor, wordpress, wp theme development, wp plugins development, rest api, jquery, ajax, and wp speed optimzation, html, css, bootstrap. graduated from university of malakand bs software engineering. ,
i am ambitious and hardworking individual. i have the ability to adopt myself to new situation and comfortable at working in group. i am good at accomplishing task on time and want to earn respect and faith for myself and the company where i am serving. , suraket , web developer 
having gained a degree in (bs) software engineering, i   m working as a freelance web / ux designer, graphics designer and front-end website developer with a exorbitant knowledge in adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, html5, css3, core php, jquery, joomla, wordpress, open cart, prestashop & other work-frames development. i've been providing complete web solutions for small businesses, start-ups, individuals, and fellow web agencies. , ammarlatif302 ,
experienced php and seo/smm expert with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, seo, smm, facebook pixel, degital marketing, wordpress, wix, sql, html, css, bootstrap 4 and js. strong software engineering professional graduated from university of gujrat pakistan. , mrajmal11 ,
web developer , maxenius solutions , web developer 
specialties  php, mysql, mongodb, sql server, xhtml, ajax, jquery, drupal, wordpress, opencart, laravel, facebook apps, html5 mobile iphone/android apps 
proficient in desktop application development, web development , e-commerce system , static and dynamic pages , facebook fan pages, database design structure for small and large business web based projects. - interested in desktop application development based projects as well as close interaction with the development using latest visual studio. - working with asp.net with web apis on different projects as well as working on different desktop application of army welfare trust (mis-ho) with software team. - interested in websites development , e-commerce based projects as well as close interaction with the development using latest open source tool and technologies keeping web standards. - working with frontend interfaces and backend php programming for a long time, and i am utterly addicted to it. i think the real interaction of a user with the product or a service is through the interface. so i feel more responsible while designing and implementing it. - delegates and monitors work to meet and beat deadlines. - successful to meet new technical challenges and finding reliable and perfect solution to meet the needs of the customers as well as for company. - outstanding motivator and having ability to build technical teams. work both in team environment as well as individual. - quickly learn and master new technology, equally successful in both team and self-directed settings. - good communication & interpersonal skills. specialties      strong concepts in object-oriented-programming.     solid experience in core php and apache.     solid experience in c# and visual basic.     solid experience in asp.net with web api.     solid experience in mvc frameworks like codeigniter.     create and implement custom css grid systems and extensive knowledge of frameworks like bootstrap, foundation, and material design.     solid experience in javascript, google apis,web apis, jquery, html and xml.     solid experience in mysql, ms-sql server, ms-access,visual studio 2017. ,
i had devolved 5 project. in my project one is online working that name is physiotherapy. , dejure technologies , web developer 
i am seeking a challenging job where i can learn and  boost my career to the highest peaks of success. , freelance
specializing in web development. experienced with all stages of the development cycle for dynamic web projects. well-versed in numerous programming languages. strong background in project management and customer relations.  1. joined client meetings to learn about development of project scopes. 2. oversaw scheduling of project milestones and coordinated with clients on any proposed changes      or challenges to be overcome. , digitonics labs (pvt.) ltd , web developer 
i am ambitious for a great computer science career. i am passionate for programming and data science domains. i have strong knowledge of few but main programming languages like c , java, c# with dot net and other web development technologies.  i have done many projects in different programming languages for many domains during my graduation. databases and dot net are my strong domains with strong concepts of oop, data structures and algorithms.  i also have very good knowledge of sqa methodologies like requirements gathering and analysis, functional testing, regression testing, system testing, alpha and beta testing, load testing, stress testing, sdlc, stlc and documentation as well. ,
i am a front-end web developer with 4+ years of professional experience in developing the websites, cms, admin panels, the point of sales (pos), inventory management systems, web & hybrid mobile apps based on the latest technologies. i can convert anything into pixel-perfect layouts. i can work with html5, css3, javascript, jquery, sass, bootstrap (4), ui kit, shopify, wordpress, angular (6 onwards), reactjs. ,
after editing a friend  s website i accidentally discovered my passion for web development and i just couldn  t get enough       i went to every meetup, workshop and event connected to the it technologies.       i got myself into a full stack (java) full-time bootcamp (4.5 months). out of 160 people that applied they choose only 20, and i was one of the lucky ones.       enrolled front end course together with 13 girls from code excursion community (again 13 out of a 100, and i got in).  the only inconvenience was that they were both at the same time. made it tricky to coordinate extra workshops with 8-9 hours of coding (studying) every day.   it took months for me to realize why i like it so much, and then it hit me  i love learning n  w things, seeing new perspectives, applying new ways of solving stuff (   great minds do not think alike !    ).   i love building new things  starting from an empty screen and transforming it into the fully functional website.       how do i compare to competition   i have no idea. i am not competing with everybody. only with myself. 
looking forward to become a part of reputed association which offers opportunity for displaying abilities and talent, and provide room for polishing skills so that the process of constant learning and development can be pursued and at the same time, organization growth may soar. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in psd to wordpress, wordpress, responsive web design, graphic design, and content management. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of laws - llb focused in graphic design from bahauddin zakariya university.
i have done bachelor of studies in computer science from (umer basha institute of information technology) karachi university, karachi,pakistan.  i am working as freelance software & web developer. my main motives are sharing knowledge and learn new technologies and encouraging development of others to achieve specific team goals, able to deal with problems calmly and effectively & determined to get things done within timelines. make things happen & constantly looking for better ways of doing things precisely.  programming and development is my passion and sharing the knowledge with others whatever my almighty allah taught me.
specialties  web, machine learning, software engineering, formal methods  c#, asp .net , html, css, javascript, shopify , tasawer84 ,
web developer &  designer & it professional i have over 3 years experience in my mentioned fields with my knowledge and experience. i am ready to deliver you top-quality work. please contact with me about how we can work together. , alternative marketing concepts , junior web developer 
i am a computer science graduate and have worked on different programming languages like c++, c#, java, python, html5 etc i have a working experience in finance & accounting for about 7+ years and currently, i am working as a digital marketer on different internet platforms and doing affiliate marketing for them and also i'm a freelancer on fiverr and my niches are web development, content writing and social media marketing. , bilal_ashraf5 ,
i am very interested to pursue a rewarding career in the organization, offering my dedicated service as a member of efficient team in return for excellent training, invaluable experience and opportunities for professional growthi did my bachelor of science in information technology with a major in web development (php). 
i am a web & mobile developer also technopreneur with experience of building 1 startups right out of college. passion for developing and designing web & mobile applications especially in travel, social life, photography, and sports sectors. keen sense and attention to detail to ui/ux. opportunities to work in diverse roles in startups from product development to business development including social media marketing. ,
looking forward to work in an environment where learning new skills ,cooperation and giving self confidence is the main priorities. mainly, to work in the field which provide solutions to real world problems by creating software and intelligent machines. 
web developer , university of sargodha , web developer 
i'm a software engineer and i'm expert in programming. i loves to explore more and more within this particular field , i am enthusiastic and quick to learn with good interpersonal and organizational skills.  i know web & software development very well. i have developed more than 500 mobile & web applications.    commitment is the key of success, i commit to those things which i have expertise   s  
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in python (programming language), sql, asp.net, .net framework, microsoft office, and django. strong engineering professional with a advanced diploma in software engineering focused in accp pro from aptech computer education. ,
web developer  learn new languages experience new challenges in life , one click , web developer 
i am full stack web developer. working since 2017 at freelancer.com as web developer , muhamma33804354 app tech , web developer 
php , xaavia studios , web developer 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in data analysis, front-end development, mean stack, web design, and data mining. strong engineering professional with a bs computer science focused in computer software engineering from university of the punjab. 
a highly accomplished, skilled and knowledgeable computer science student with extensive knowledge of programming and computer applications and have a detailed knowledge of software development life cycle. looking for an opportunity in the field of information technology as computer programmer in a renowned organization. , self-employed 
i am frontend wordpress developer.. create customize all the websites through wordpress default themes.. , sky aims , web developer 
i'm a lead web/app developer  in infusion webtech it firm with demonstrated arrangement of abilities and more than 5 years of involvement in the field of web configuration and advancement and in addition the mastery over portable application improvement.  i'm speedy learner, pay considerations to points of interest and finish the assignment inside the concurred time period kept up quality according to the necessity imparted by customers. customer fulfillment is my top most need and i strive to convey the quality results keeping in mind the end goal to maintain long haul working association with my customers.  my skills   windows media connect, adobe creative suite, ab initio, vcita, 2d design, apache mahout docker,  1shoppingcart,  acdsee,  able commerce ,
web application developer with one year experience in hfr technologies.. |   full stack web developer |   mobile app developer |   laravel |   wordpress |   react native |   , shahoodahmed11 hfr technologies , web developer 
i am a professional full stack developer with over 7 years experience in the web technologies like html,css, js, php, ci, laravel, wordpress theme development, plugin development. i have 4 years of experience in wordpress and several custom themes and websites. i'm able to build, redesign, fix any bug and speed up your website ,
experienced web developer with a demostrated history of working in the software agency.skilled in laravel,sql,php,codegnatior,wordpress,jquery,javascript and wordpress theme customization. strong engineering background professional  graduate from the university of lahore 
 freelance web developer at fiverr. expertise in wordpress, html css, wix, squarespace, shopify, wix and weebly - bachelors in computer engineer from uet, taxila. 
 hello every one i am student at karachi university  department of computer science  final .. looking for a well professional and software development working in any side of software engineering . , self-employed , web developer 
 web developer 
 i have three years of experience in it industry, i have relevant skills regarding this industry, i am enjoying my field of work with different mindset, also love to discover new things in my industry. my portfolio's link below ,
i'm skinder mirza from baharia ochard lahore.i'm a professional web developer and designer at amz international. i'm capable of developing,designing and maintaining of websites. , amzinternational 
i am a computer scientist with deep thinking skills. i work or think based only on logic. i am a struggler. devoted to my field computer science. good at computer programming and software design. hands on skills for software defined networking(a new evolving technology).  i have an aim of achieving something different in my field.   -sarim javaid (s.j) , self , freelance web developer 
i have been working as a web and mobile app developer with local clients and now taking it to a global level. , upwork , web developer 
over 05 years of experience working as a both back end and front end developer using different tools and programming languages for developing software, websites, web applications for different small and large organizations. this period of work developed my research attitude to explore new ideas in the vast field of it.
skilled in python (programming language), django development, sql,  artificial intelligence (ai), machine learning, deep learning, html5, and cascading style sheets (css).   skill is the best degree !!! ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the staffing and recruiting industry. skilled in sql, microsoft word, php, asp.net mvc, and front-end development. strong information technology professional with a bs softwareengineering focused in it engineering from numl. 
cloud-native application solution developer and entrepreneur, having experience of 2 years working on major projects including laravel, aws cloud platform, micro-services and extensively android.  skills  docker kubernetes terraform aws android laravel reactjs firebase mongodb mysql python c++ kotlin microservices ,
graphic an web developer and have experience of 4 years. he know work on react js, html, css, java script, adobe photoshop, adobe after effects, adobe illustrator.   he is very passionate about his both career that are graphic designing and development. 
i am a  web developer and freelancer looking for a job.  doing web development using my skills and want to enhance my skills in this field. i'm doing freelancing on different platforms like fiverr, upwork, freelancer and peopleperhour. job as coordinator and lecturer at punjab college jhelum. also worked as lecturer at government degree college sara_i_alamgir.i am also working in web development as freelancer for many years and have experience in web development and have done lots of projects with different clients using my skills. client satisfaction is my first priority. i believe on actions not on  words.  my skills in web development are   html5/css3/bootstrap/php/wordpress. 
socialmediaguys gmbh , full stack developer 
web developer also a product manager i have been working with 3+ years in this feild i have done many project as a web developer , red cyborg , web developer 
i am a passionate web developer. i had started my work career as a instructor of web developer. i  am currently doing a job in air soft company and also a part time freelancer.  i have 4 year experience in html, css, javascript, php. i can make an eye catching website for you with hyperlinks, pictures videos audios and many more things such as a professional website. 
just started my career in web development based on my high interest towards it. html , css, bootstrap, psd to responsive hmtl, php,laravel, codeigniter, wordpress, research and content writing are my core skills. i have some expertise on tools as well that were in my practices such as opnet, eclipse modelling mars, jmeter, photoshop. in addition, i have strong written communication skills like i can communicate with professionals or clients  in a professional way via emails or any other medium.  my academic background is relying on ms software engineering from nust eme college. in my academic era, i achieved the target of two publications and both of them are relying on cloud computing concept. in future, i surely intend to do phd and further research in the same domain. in order to join any kind of organization i must use to mention that i have speech defect by birth but it never led me down in achieving my goals. i am passionate towards learning the new skills and to polish out my existing skills. for me, the learning is fun. one can learn well if she enjoys her learning. i strongly believe that the company success depends upon the hardworking as well as honest employees and i am pretty sure that i would be one of them. ,
i am goal-oriented and responsible web developer with over 5 years of experience. i have strong knowledge in php, html, javascripts, jquery, css, mysql, ajax, bootstrap, oop and custom cms development, backend and frontend development. i can work on different php, mysql projects from the scratch. ,
computer science engineer from kth kista. i currently work at pricerunner as a frontend developer in react. i specifically really like web development but i am into all kind of technology overall. interesting it project always gets me going.  at my spare time i like producing music, designing/painting in photoshop, game development and working on different programming projects that interest me.  i have a wide knowledge in it, including some hardware, but my passion lies in software. i like testing new platforms and languages. i am always trying to keep an eye out for the newest technology, especially in web development.  visit my website (digital cv) on github for more information  
experienced junior web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in databases, codeigniter, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), and html5. strong engineering professional with a bachelors focused in computer science from iqra university (official). 
experienced freelance web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, wordpress, jquery, html, and adobe photoshop. strong engineering professional graduated from mohammad ali jinnah university, karachi. ,
having a excellent knowledge of html,css.      good concepts of object oriented programming(oop).     knowledge of developing web services and relational databases.     passionate about giving best design and following coding practices.     good in managing time and organizing tasks.     career oriented, hard working and ability to handle multiple tasks.     quick learner and ability to learn new concepts. 
full-stack web developer who cares deeply about end-user experience.   i specialize in delivering high quality work efficiently. an ideal fit for if you have a tough deadline to meet or looking to add some veteran presence to your existing team.
professional and dedicated web developer having good experience in web development .i am passionate about to do work on projects and to inspire my client with my skills. experienced in  maintained client/server applications. hard worker and a fast learner with good communication skills. , naimatdeveloper ,
i   ve been working on it for all my professional life and have a passion for both back- and front-end. during great work opportunities i was able to acquire knowledge of several programming languages as well as several frameworks, e.g. c#, nodejs php, javascript, react, angular and vue to name a few.  still hungry and always eager to learn! 
i am doing my bachelors in software engineering at iqra university.  i've been working in iqra university oric department as a internee of web development. i've attended many workshops regarding my field i've recently got my certificate of wed development from usman institute of technology. , iqra university (official) , web developer 
i   m a front end web designer/developer and graphic designer, skilled in html, css, php, cms integration. i create clean, professional, functional websites.i spend my previous 5-year on websites development and creating all type of websites. i work for all size of companies from small local businesses right up to huge international brands. ,
i am a web developer. i graduated in computer science from arid agriculture university rawalpindi. i have html, css, javascript, oop, php, mysql and laravel skills. looking forward to work in a reputable organization as a web developer. to utilize my knowledge and skills for the benefit of the organization and gain more knowledge from it. i have interest in trending technologies like angular, react js, mongodb, node js and express js. i have plan to get expertise in that technologies. 
experienced frontend developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in html5,  css3, jquery, javascript, bootstrap4, psd to html, and have some knowledge in  laravel, php,wordpress . i am graduated from university of the peshawar. 
software engineer from university of karachi , having experience of developing front-end of web applications using html-5 , css-3 , sass, less, bootstrap,  javascript and jquery 
in term of ambition and interest i want to be a successful web-developer along with software development. i can't really decide what defines me more so i make myself to learn and work in both fields. it doesn't mean i have lack of decision making, instead just think of a sailor who learn to sail the ship along with for the worst case scenario he also learn how to swim. , sixlogs technologies 
i am a front end software developer and a freelancer with 2+ years of working experience. i am a javascript enthusiast and over the past few years, i have had the pleasure to work on several web applications using different technologies including react, asp.net, vb.net etc.   my pure focus is on the full-stack development and how to make amazing products using the ever-evolving technologies and tools we have available to us. i really enjoy working with different startups and helping them build awesome products that solve specific client issues for them. 
i'm a content writer and blogger for websites and social media. in this technologically advanced community, we need better communication online to convey our message and skills all over the globe.  i also work as an seo expert to optimize websites in order to get more traffic on the website and to get a good ranking on google. there are a lot of websites out there and no one knows about it because people only look at the first page of google against their keywords when browsing. so, we have to optimize our website to rank on the first page of google in order to have more traffic and recognition. 
experienced freelance with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in wordpress, wordpress design, microsoft office, graphic design, and web design. strong professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer software engineering from university of engineering and technology, taxila. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in microsoft word, php, c++, jquery, and mysqli. strong engineering professional graduated from university of gujrat. 
in a state of constant learning. eager to learn and explore more knowledge in the field of information security and technology. i have expertise in .net mvc web development, penetration testing and malware analysis. , cplus soft 
experience in web development with good conceptual and decision making skills.  seeking a responsible and challenging career in web development field related to my scope of studies with a great oriented organization where my talent and knowledge any significantly contribute to the organization's growth and profitability. , symmetry group , web developer 
i get experience in web development and web design , numan29909348 apply4u ltd 
experienced information technology specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industries. skilled in php(core/codeigniter), html,css, javascript, jquery, ajax, sass,bootstrap, wordpress, opencart etc ,
i am an experienced web designer and developer with 1 year of working experience in software engineering background with a demonstrated history of working in the web industry. skilled in research, microsoft excel, microsoft word, html5, css3, c++, and undergraduate from virtual university of pakistan. 
i am very passionate web developer and i wanna improve my skills on the go.i try to develop new types of projects to get my skills improved.
 software engineer , software patterns , web developer 
 experienced lead programmer with a demonstrated working history in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, node.js, react, angular, ionic, wordpress, pwa. strong entrepreneurship professional with a master's focused in web technologies from linnaeus university, sweden. , bishwajithalder 
 experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, mamp, wordpress, c++, and xampp. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science (bsc) focused in computer science from the university of lahore. 
i recently completed my bs (software engineering). i work in software house last 1.5 years along with my skills of wordpress, html, css, sql, javascript, photoshop, video editing, digital marketing tools like facebook, instagram, linkedin, and many more related of my degree. i done 2 websites in wordpress with web development series and also work with photoshop, video editing. 
experienced web developer & graphics designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, codeigniter, laravel, mvc, pdo, bootstrap, cascading style sheets (css), javascript , jquery , html, adobe photoshop and adobe illustrator. 
to be involved in work where i can utilize skill and creatively involved with system that help me achieve personal as well as organizational goals. , freelancer 
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in vue.js, sql, php, jquery, and ajax. strong engineering professional graduated from university of malakand
web developer at oogloo web and beyond! , oogloo - web & beyond
i   m looking for a challenging career in field of computer science to showcase my knowledge and skills in helping an organisation to achieve its goals and build an optimum long-term career for myself. i   m motivated and ready to take the journey.
i'm front-end developer with over 2 years of professional experience building efficient and scale able web applications. i've worked in extremely fast paced startup and corporate environments. i see every new experience as an opportunity to learn, and i find learning to be the most enjoyable part of my day to day work.  specialties   javascript  ,php5 ,html, mysql , css , wordpress , shopify , responsive design,e-commerce  adobe  photoshop. ,
i am a software engineer by profession and gaining experience in software industry along with i am learning new technologies and entrepreneurship. , nerdware tech   
specialties  javascript, php, html, sass, .net, wordpress, react, mysql.
experienced frontend web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in jquery, microsoft office, graphic design, web design, and cascading style sheets (css). strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer software engineering from federal urdu university of art, science & technology, karachi. 
i've been working as a web developer since 2014.  i've successfully developed online resume builder, web pages and logo builder, cms and enterprise level system under different organizations.  i have a bachelor of software engineering from university of karachi.   expertise   core php and php frameworks (laravel, codeigniter, zend), wordpress, joomla, mysql, mongodb, javascript and jquery, html and css. 
i specialize in front-end and back-end development. i am serving my clients with my strategic ideas and analytic solutions for their business websites. over the past 3 years, i have designed and developed a wide range of websites using html5, css3, bootstrap, javascript, jquery, ajax, wordpress, php, json, laravel and mysql including sites for startup companies/brands, small businesses, and individuals.   applied web development including all modern web technologies and frameworks. i offer complete web consulting, web design, web development and optimization solutions to generate sales and boost productivity for your online or offline business.   mission   i am committed to assess your web-based needs, identify the best solutions and develop an implementation strategy compatible with your organizational structure and capabilities to promote your growth and success. to achieve this i will   + provide high-quality services + meet identified time requirements + provide the best value for your investment + strive to achieve full customer satisfaction  i am looking forward to helping you to grow your business by sharing my skills. i believe in the long-term relationship. thank you for your consideration. ashraf , ashraf_personal 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in graphics, microsoft word, wordpress, communication, and gui designing. strong engineering professional graduated from univeristy of central punjab. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. currently working as web & app developer at fiver. php , yii2 , ionic
an experienced and dedicated php/mysql web developer. even though i primarily work as a backend developer i also enjoy frontend development and have advanced knowledge of js, html, and css. i have experience developing python and golang applications. also, i work in linux environment on a daily basis. continuous learning and new challenges is what keeps me motivated especially while working in dynamic teams. i believe i am a natural problem solver with a strong eye for detail who is excellent in both, individual and team works. 
i am currently working as web developer in fintech. i graduated from it-h  gskolan in goteborg june 4. it's a 2 year education in web development and cms. , waya finance & technology 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in 3d graphics, visual basic, photography, microsoft word, and php. strong engineering professional with a bs information technology focused in web page, digital/multimedia and information resources design from bahauddin zakariya university. ,
i am a web developer, content writer and blogger by profession. with having an experience of web development for more than 5 years, my expertise lies in html, css, jquery, web qa and  team leadership. ,
web / mobile developer (+8 years of experience), expert in languages such as html5, javascript, java, and php. production experience with modern frameworks/libraries (reactjs, reactnative, nodejs, flux, redux, webpack, etc.). - strong site-building background, specialist in usability (responsive design) and compatibility (cross-platform solutions). - hybrid application developer (apache cordova/html5 and reactnative), including android, ios, windows, and linux. - solid experience with server/cloud applications, designing to prevent hacker attacks and to improve big data traffic. - familiarity with restful api, and sql / nosql database technologies (mysql
to pursue a challenging career and be part of a progressive organization that gives scope to enhance my knowledge, skills and to reach the pinnacle in the computing and research field with sheer determination, dedication and hard work 
i am a person who always does things carefully. i am positive, loyal, responsive, friendly person and a good listener. 
with 5+ years of experience i am a professional front-end developer.  i am appreciated for my dedicated and quality work and re usable code.  i am currently top 10 css user on stack overflow from pakistan . this is enough to show my skills , ismailfarooq5 10pearls , senior web developer 
i am a web development expert with almost 3 years of experience in setup and customization of react, laravel, angular, other platforms. to date, i have created many websites, most of which required custom designed plugins, development, extensions, and themes. i can also develop mobile apps in react native. my aim has always been to produce websites that look beautiful and professional, are highly functional, load quickly, and are search engine optimized. if this is what you want, then get in touch with me. 
i'am in love with web development, i always try to learn new things. i'am working as a web developer and have made some cool websites and looking for more fun to polish my potential  ) , abtach ltd 
young energetic, achievement oriented, logical minded and confident person with proven analytical and problem solving skills. my objective is to work with an organization, which provides prospects in career development through broadening both my knowledge and skills. ,
fluent in php language, having 5+ years professional experience in web design ,development and database design. i have worked on following tools and technologies but not limited to these .    programming langauages  php, python, c, c++, java, javascript   databases   ms server, mysql, sql, sqlyog   web design and development  html, css, bootstrap, jquery,  ajax, json   operating systems  windows, linux   jquery mobile   php frameworks  codeigniter, laravel   content management systems  wordpress   firebase   git   adobe photoshop   microsoft office ,
about my objective is to obtain a challenging position where each day brings something new and challenging that desires creativity to solve it, which will allow me to expand upon my education and continue to accumulate knowledge, skills for the mutual benefit of the organization and my career.  my skills & abilities are   frontend development - html and cascading style sheet (css). - html5,css3 - responsive websites using css3media queries - bootstrap 3 - developing seo optimized theme - cross browser compatibility - web design - w3c standards and accessibility aware - progressive enhancement - photoshop - javascript - jquery - react/react native  cms - wordpress - creating responsive themes or converting psds from scratch - themes development and customization - creating theme options panel using redux framework - plugins development and customization - creating custom post types and custom taxonomies - creating/integrating rest apis - joomla - converting psds into responsive joomla website - customizing pre-developed joomla themes - customizing pre-developed joomla plugins  i am currently studying following languages    javascript frameworks - angular js - node.js ,
i have been providing professional php services for web development from couple of years with codeigniter and cakephp. accepting your projects means, i completely understands your requirements and know how to deliver good quality within quick turnaround.  professionally, i'm php developer, and i'm skilled in php, mysql, codeigniter, cakephp, x-cart sites, wordpress, html5, css3, jquery, javascript and c# .net framework and little bit skilled in java. and i also have concepts of oop and mvc. i can develop websites as well as desktop application. , xtroviz ,
currently a student of computer science. i have tried to explore many diverse team-building & leadership opportunities such as working in business development at jazz. my expertise lies in database, graphics desiging , c++ , java script, web development. have 1+ year of experience as admin asst and software  developer.  i'm eager to learn and to adopt to different environments. i'm seeking job for it & administrative opportunities in islamabad or rawalpindi. ,
i am seeing myself in a place where i can see the web industry to its peak 
web developer good motivational and  communication skills.     result oriented, punctual & hard worker.     good analytic and quantitative skills , systems junction 
web developer for last 4 years. but front-end development is my passion.  my skills set include   html5, css3, bootstrap, javascript, jquery, ajax/json, photoshop to html, xd to html, illsutrator to html conversion, wordpress          expert in pixel-perfect responsive mobile-friendly markup.       a number of successful projects.       4+ years of experience as a front-end developer.       availability & working hours (30+ hours/week)        organized and fast learner       hardworking, reliable and trustworthy  looking forward to building a long-term relationship.  thanks!!! ,
hi i have experience in this field proving many services web desiging,development,social media marketing, seo, bug fixing,php, theme editing/customization in wordpress mostly feel free to contact me before ordering , raufitwala ,
i'm a freelance front-end and back-end website developer with more than three years of experience in web industry. my objective is to work in a competitive environment that effectively utilizes my analytical, interpersonal, leadership and organizational skills to conceive and achieve solutions.  specialties  wordpress, html, css, bootstrap, php, jquery, responsive website design and high quality web development. ,
web developer , web developer  we create professional websites for businesses to increase their sales , engagement and conversations. , freelance web developer / designer 
i am a developer/designer. i completed my bachelors program in  computer engineering     from  sir syed university of engineering and technology  (karachi, pakistan) in 2012, my expertise are in the field of software development & web development. i am working in it field in general and specially in software engineering field since 2013. i have developed small and large scale applications as well as some free lance projects. my current job description also to make sure day to day it operations, and new development, assist and supervise other it staff as well.  specialties  finding clever solutions to complex problems in a variety of different realms. completing projects. php, wordpress, magento, ajax, java script, jquery. ,
fiverr , shopify web developer ,experienced asp.net core developer and network administrator with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in cisco networking, storage area network (san), vmware server, vmware esx, asp.net core mvc, nop-commerce and wordpress. strong information technology professional graduated from lahore leads university. ,
experienced freelance web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in html, cascading style sheets (css), javascript, bootstrap, php ( codeigniter, laravel ) & wordpress. strong engineering professional with a dae focused in computer information technology from askari institute of technology and bsse from numl, islamabad. 
i have experience in web development and mobile development. i have a great passion of working and learning new technologies on both web and mobile. my interests and experience are not limit to these mentioned techs  php/mysql nodejs/mongodb angular bootstrap , fiverr , freelance web developer 
i am a freshly graduated android developer looking for internship which leads to job in android to improve my skills and enhance my knowledge and to work for the company with sheer determination and dedication. , xiico software solutions , web developer 
i am a professional software developer with 8+  years of extensive experience. i am passionate about writing quality code that makes an impact and truly helps businesses and organizations in achieving their goals. i can easily work as a team player (pair programming, scrum) or as a single player with a dedicated set of responsibilities (gather and analyze requirements, create acceptance criteria, deliver the product to the customer). i am a quick learning person, so it does not matter if i do not know some technology or framework, in the beginning, i can accumulate all required knowledge within just a few weeks. my personal interests lay within software architecture, refactoring, and performance optimization.      back-end / services   .net core 3.0, web api 2.0, wcf, oops, rest services, linq, design patterns       database  sql server 2008/2012, database design      front-end development  c#, asp.net, mvc 3/4/5
a bright, talented, ambitious and self-motivated web designer  with a strong background who possesses self discipline.  a quick learner who can absorb new ideas and can communicate clearly and effectively. currently looking for a opportunity to join a dynamic, ambitious, growing company and forge a career as a first class website designer. 
experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in b.s.c.s from ilma university - formerly ibt. , innovative solutions , frontend web developer 
professional experience - web developer at edusoft system solution multan(sep 2014- feb 2015)  goal - to utilize my knowledge, education and experience in well establish organization. to develop creative applications that makes difference in million of people's lives.  specialties programming interface   visual studio 2010 and 2013 programming languages  c#.net web technologies  asp.net mvc 5 , ajax , jquery,  html, css, java scripting databases  sql server 2012 
software engineering , student  experienced chief operating officer with a demonstrated history of working in the textiles industry. skilled in web development and graphic design. strong marketing professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer engineering from habib university (2023). h
web developer , albarkasol , web developer ,experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in microsoft word, php, jquery, management, and html. strong engineering professional with a bscs(hons) focused in computer science from uaf sub compus burewala vehari. 
to work in an environment which provides more avenuesin the field of computer web development and front end development in work where i can utilize skill, creatively involved with system that effectively contributes to the growth of organization. , weboxy 
i m a programmer , self employed , web developer ,experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in analytical skills, logo design, e-commerce, c++, and wordpress. strong engineering professional with a bsse focused in computer software engineering from university of management and technology. 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in microsoft excel, microsoft word, computer science, html, and microsoft office. strong engineering professional with a bachelor in computer science focused in computer software engineering from dadabhoy institute of higher education. 
peaceful and well groom person, and have alot of experience on different firms and a useful assets for them. i have an experience of web development and graphic designing as well as, and have 2 years experience in this field. intern in mksofftech and now a permenant member of this company as a junior developer. 
independent asp.net developer and it specialist.  my specialties are  * asp.net, java, c#  * c#(oop), asp.net (mvc framework ,webforms,windows applications) * ms sql * javascript, jquery, ajax and html5, css3, npm, angular5 with node.js etc.  ides  visual studio, netbeans, intelli j, matlab, adobe dreamweaver, ms word, ms excel, ms powerpoint  my projects      pak property     institute website lms (myiol)     adnan shake management system     resturant management system     final year project odi squad recommendation and match prediction (machine learning naive bayes algorithm implemented) 
over the last 7 years i have been developing web and mobile applications using node, javascript, react, react native, python, django, java, php, laravel, yii.  in 2012 i completed my master in computer science from blekinge institute of technology (bth), sweden.  i use the following interesting and latest technologies on daily basis.      frontend                             javascript, react, react native, redux, context api                           vue js,                           backbone js,                           sass
php developer  goal is to make my clients to satisfy with my work and give them the best work along with quality assured.  specialties  php, psd to xhtml/css, javascript ( jquery ), wordpress theme and plugins development. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in cascading style sheets (css), ionic framework, wordpress, html, and web development. strong engineering professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology. 
i have over 1 year of experience working in web development. currently, i work as flutter application developer.  previously, i was junior web developer at retailistan pvt. ltd. 
i  am  a  person  with  lots  of  ideas.  punctual,  can manage  time.  i  can  work  in  teams  and  individually  too,  but  i  prefer working  in  teams,  be cause  in  teams  you  learn  a  lot  and  get  chance  to  be cooperative  with  others.  i  am  also  good  at  guidance.   eager  to  learn  new technologies. experience  worked as an internee at exatex enterprise solutions pvt limited for the time duration 2 month. ,
i am a professional designer and developer.,having 7 years experience in website development with modern technologies like mean stack, lamp stack, custom wordpress themes and plugin development, html5/css3 , professional expert in php, mysql, jquery, javascript, angular js and typescript.   if you are looking for high quality website/webapps design & development at an affordable rates then look no further. because i will design your dream application with all the modern web functionality.  i never settle for delivering low quality stuff to my clients, and that   s what make me stand out of the crowd (my top rated badge from last 4.5 years on upwork justifies it the best     ).    i am always here to answer all your queries or if you want to talk further, just send me a message and i will be happy to talk to you.  thanks 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in psd to wordpress, psd to html, bootstrap, javascript. responsive design conversion, wordpress development. microsoft word, c++, jquery, and public speaking. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in  software engineering from university of gujrat. 
to obtain a position in an organization who can provide a challenging environment and opportunity to grow professionally as well as an individual. i am quite hardworking,ambitious and career-oriented.i am keen to learn new things and want to grow and experience myself in professional environment. , techbite solutions 
i am a computer science graduate (may 2013) with an aim to pursue career in software development. my areas of particular interest include web designing and software engineering. in my academic projects i have proficiently used php, html and database.  i have also used java, c++, matlab for programming. a number of curriculum driven projects were completed during the course of studies at university of management and technology lahore. salient ones include the following   1. implementing the virtual office for the final year project using php, html and database. 2. programmed and designed a gui in java swing for an address book. 3. programmed a java language for mobile (server) and cell phones (clients). 4, implemented and designed kk trading in php using adobe dreamweaver and database. 5. implemented face recognition using matlab.  additionally i have acquired work experience of using wordpress (cms).  my personal interests include jogging, music listening, watching movies and playing chess. i have participated in chess competitions representing my university at the hec intervarsity chess championship 2012 and secured the winning position.   i am also well-versed with working knowledge of a number of application software. ,
i am a computer sciences graduate and passionate about web development. php, mysql and wordpress are my favorites till now.  building quality websites and applications with php, html, css, and javascript. i have experience developing complex user interfaces for a wide range of devices and browsers. through the application of industry best practices, i strive to build well-tested, maintainable software that exceeds client expectations. ,
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in oracle database, javascript, react.js, cascading style sheets (css), and html5. strong engineering professional with a bscs focused in computer and information sciences, general from bahria university. ,
i love web development. that's it.  to work in accordance with the true spirit of professionalism, for an organization that offers challenging tasks and opportunities for growth & career development.  php, laravel framework 2- nodejs 3- angularjs, angular2 4- wordpress 5- database managements system 6- designing(html, css, bootstrap, javascript) 7- graphics designing (photoshop, corel draw) 
experienced founder with a demonstrated history of working in the computer hardware industry. skilled in web development, photography, adobe creative suite and public speaking. strong business development professional. 
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in mobile applications, full-stack development, project management, amazon web services (aws), and team management. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused on computer science from muhammad ali jinnah university. 
highly organized and independent  able to effectively coordinate tasks to accomplish projects with timeliness and creativity. trying to explore more opportunities. , team reactivate , senior web application developer 
i am a graphic designer have experience of 4 year's in this field with have skill's computer operating, graphic designing, bussiness card designing, accouting, ,
i am front end developer with industry experience building websites and web applications. i specialize in javascript and have professional experience working with react and angular  .  i also have experience working with kotlin , flutter ,  and nodejs. take a look at my work or get in touch!  thanks 
a creative and hardworking software engineer focused on growing in the field of it. strong written and oral communication skills with a passion for public speaking. a fast learner and dedicated person to work. i like challenging work and want to grow fast in the field of it.  skills   c#, c++, software architecture design, mvc, asp.net, window form applications, mssql, mysql, front-end web technologies, html, css, javascript, jquery. 
a professional software engineer with educational background and experience in web development field. aspiring to pursue opportunities in software engineering field within a high-profile organization that rewards hard work.proactive ability to work independently, and a desire to learn new skills and technologies  analytical skills and composed in resolving issues 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the software industry. skilled in  php,laravel, application programming interfaces, linux, and amazon web services (aws). strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering (be) focused in computer and information systems from ned university of engineering and technology. 
i am a full-stack web developer from strasbourg and living in stockholm. i've build websites from scratch for small and medium-sized firms. my job evolve ceaselessly, which is perfect for a curious person like me.
experienced web development consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in html, css, javascript and agile methodologies. strong media and communication professional graduated from lund university.
i am 23 year passionate person to work hard and hate to lose its my aim to achieve goals through god gifted talent  ) seo expert web developer currently working in e-linkbaits. , pixel2graphics 
experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in php, wordpress, web design, html, and adobe photoshop. strong engineering professional graduated from national college. 
working as senior/lead level position , utilizing my experience and technical skills for developing ecommerce (magento1x and magento2x) and cms projects and also mentoring the work of developers and finish the projects within deadlines and contributing to the success of the company. , systems limited 
vue.js (nuxt) & php developer   foomotion , foomotion , web developer  ,i have a bachelor's degree in computer science. i am a passionate wordpress web designer with a specialty in  html, css,  php,  javascript,  bootstrap & logo design with  3 years of working experience in fields of expertise. i'm also very adequate in maintaining websites as  i  am an expert in using  wordpress,  html,  php,  css, javascript,  bootstrap &  logo design. ,
a post-technology devotee, having a strong technical mindset, believes in self-learning and staying triggered all the time to discover and mend new things. this    go-getter    perspective has helped me to achieve various goals in my work career and personal life. years (both professional and non-professional) of hands on experience, research and dedication to work makes me achieve the best possible results out of any work for any organization, understanding of common strategic dilemmas and experience with non-technical clients.      skills     php      oops      mvc frameworks laravel     javascript     web technologies using (laragon, xampp)     bitbucket     git bash      front-end coding     html5, html     bootstrap4, bootstrap3     css3 cascading style sheets.       knows languages  c++, objective c, c,  php, sql, assembly ,object oriented programming. cms   wordpress. databases  mysql. ,
to work in a dynamic environment where my education, creative skills and best of my abilities are fully utilized and challenged. to achieve my goals by implementing the skills i acquired through my education and hard work and to learn to improve them in every possible way. , invision custom solutions inc. 
6 years of experience in web development , technosol lahore , chief executive officer  .it   s been impartial to join the best working community where i should be able to deliver my skills. , 1st tech solution company , sr. web developer 
i love programming, art, and programming art.  you can check the file below if you want to know more about me. , takhleeq business incubator , web developer 
self-motivated professional with excellent analytical skills, and has the ability to work well under pressure. good in taking initiatives and learning new tools and technologies. skills like effective communication, leadership, and solution design are some of his major traits.  professional skills are     web based as well as desktop software development     requirements gathering and analysis     software solution design     all kind of work in php code igniter, larval, c# and apache.     ms sql 2012 and mysql databases     payment gateway integration like pay stack, paypal, jazz cash.     sms api (sms gateway.me)     ajax, css, xml, html.     experience of working with crystals reports, pdf.     networking     asp.net(mvc4 ).     mobile application development.     good understanding of software development life cycles. ,
experienced senior web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in software development. strong engineering professional with a master of science - ms focused in computer science from university of central punjab. , fixit technology lahore , senior web developer 
i am an energetic and ambitious person, develop a mature and responsible approach to any task that i undertake, or situation that i am presented with. capable of learning new things rapidly and using the old knowledge to build defensive solution in a critical situation.i am a challenging person in computer science field.i am a creative and hardworking young professional focused on growing in the field of it.  i am sincere with my work. i can easily work with in a team.i also have good communication and writing abilities of urdu and english languages. i know to meet deadlines and do work in time according to schedule. specialties  c,c++,c#, java,jquery,ajax,angularjs, native programming in c++ and assembly language,teaching,mobile development,web development 
i am a full stack developer here. i work on high level languages i.e. java (fx, awt, swing), c, c++, python, c#, swift & others.  i choose to program. at the age of 21, had no idea where to start my professional career. questioned myself, about my interests but got no answer. back in my teenage, trivial interest of playing games on computer help me taking the decision. after consulting one of my software engineer cousin eventually, i transferred my majors to bs computer science.  while studying the fundamentals of programming, i realised this is what i wanted to do with my life! i really like the way of  ordering & dictating  a program to do, whatever i   ve told it to do (ps  don't worry, i'm not that submissive). and the program has to respond back with some results either positive or negative, doesn't matter!  programming & development has become so fun for me. because i do what i have to and i know how to turn the code into my favour. i strongly believe where there is a bug, there's always a way to deal with it. and with time & experience, i am becoming a picasso of it.  at present, i'm working as wordpress developer at programmers force, i find happiness in doing my responsibilities which includes core command on psd to html, psd to wordpress, customizing theme, plugin development, css, js
to pursue a career in a reputable, dynamic and growth oriented organization to shape out my professional exposure and development. , freelancer.com 
worked as web developer, particular interested in web development, open source technologies using mysql.to persue a challenging career, i want to be a part of an organization that give scope to enhance my knowledge and utilizing my skills towards the growth of the organization ,
i have always strived to be one of the best and i always take great pride in my work. from individual tasks to large team projects, i work methodical and always try to keep the customer values as guidelines for my work.    i have a background as a bachelor in computer science. i have worked with mobile content business from 2004 to 2011 but this is now a somewhat outdated technology. i have been taking care of my 2 kids for 5 years before i moved back to thailand in 2017 to work for a startup company. now that my daughter has reached school age, my family and i decided to move back to sweden in april 2018. currently i am studying  javascript, angularjs and firebase on pluralsightand.com and udemy.com for update my knowledge.   i am looking forward to my next challenge and i feel now is the time for me to re-enter the job market. i personally believe that it is a challenge i must overcome and it will be a constant drive for me to get back into the working atmosphere. 
experienced senior web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in php, codeigniter, web design, html, and adobe photoshop. strong engineering professional graduated from bahria university. 
web and mobile developer, have been freelancing for 3 years now with a top rated seller on upwork. i completed degree in computer science from federal urdu university karachi campus (2010-2013). i started working in it field in general and specially in development.   an ambitious problem solver with a passion for business, and who would like to join a team of like-minded developers. fahad has much experience of creating logical and innovative solutions to complex problems. he is thorough and precise in everything he does, and has a keen interest in technology, web/soft/mobile applications and user experience. as someone who takes responsibility for his own personal development, he is continually evaluating and upgrading his skills so that he stays at the cutting edge of web development. he is a natural problem solver, who has proven himself by successfully completing projects for it consultancies, software houses, web design agencies, and it departments. 
my motto is to provide high quality work deidicatd to work and client satisfaction delivered before client  deadline.  android  | iphone | ipad | laraval  | hybrid app i e-commerce |  php5 | wordpress |  html5 i 150+ mobile application  | 200+ web applications |   my android/ios mobile app expertise- - uber style app, home service app, package delivery app, scientific calculator app, social networking apps, mobile ads integration admob, - dating app, water controler app, phonegap apps , elearning , life style , quiz app  - google map/gps system apps, restaurant delivery apps, food ordering app, - photo / video apps,  health / fitness apps, preganancy app - travel apps , business advertisement apps  we have more than 5 years of experience in  android, iphone
computer science graduate from fast-nuces, lahore. currently working with paf to design and develop innovative simulation applications. , pakistan air force 
i am a web developer having a year of experience in web development. skilled in php, javascript,jquery, mysql, mongodb and other web development technologies, with a bachelor's degree focused in computer systems engineering from university of engineering and technology peshawar. ,
to be a full stack web developer was my dream. i started with basics. i learnt web designing and started working at a software house as a paid internee.  now i've 1 year experience of web development in php, laravel, codeigniter, reactjs, angular and nodejs. i've also worked in python for web scrapping. this was a great journey.  i'm always open to explore new things and looking for best place where i can use my skills. 
pinnacle enterprise , web developer and designer  .experienced php developer experience in web development using php, wordpress, codeigniter, yii2 & symfony always interested in learning about new technology, programming languages and programming styles. 
software engineer | full stack web developer | freelancer   i am a software engineer from uet peshawar and a full stack web developer, having experience of android development , web development, web designer and graphic designing. i am full stack web developer at amdni network islamabad, full stack web developer at sharp visions madina ksa, former web developer and graphic designer at innovision technology incorporation, former android developer at teknords software house mingora  and worked on fiverr. 
a strong conceptual thinker who has a keen interest in all things related to web programming. i have the ability and experience needed to design and execute projects for a diverse variety of users. i am committed to having an impact on the future of any company that i work for and possesses the enthusiasm and commitment to learn and develop my career.  i have experience of building fluid and dynamic interfaces websites using wordpress,html, css, js, php, ajax and mysql that are user friendly, right now i am looking for a suitable opportunity that will not only take my career to the next level in web programming, but will also allow myself to work alongside a very specialized team. ,
a computer scientist, i am passionate about everything related to technology. i  play with thousands of thoughts and millions of imaginations in my mind which helps me to cross milestones of life with fun and innovations , raaweek12 
m.s in software engineering, aim to  secure a challenging position in a progressive institution that offers continuous learning and growth opportunities for professional advancement in a multinational environment. a multitasked it professional with a proven track record of operating in a multicultural workplace with foreign investment and big national company.  highly motivated and experienced, with a proven ability to work beyond the parameters of the role and to prioritize effectively to meet deadlines. exhibiting total commitment, whilst offering an intelligent and experienced approach towards satisfaction at all levels.   technical skills      node js     php,laravel-5,symfony2,codeigniter,wordpress,shopify     javascript, ext js, jquery, ajax     facebook app, social media integration     visual basic 6    databases      mongo     my sql others     git     svn     basecamp,jira, task world     vm ware, virtual box      iis, apache     linux- centos , sureshamrani ,
highly motivated and hard-working professional. experienced in web design & development, customer dealing, project management and team lead. problem solving and bug fixing skills. solid written and oral communication skill.   can work individually or as a part of a team.specialties in angular-8, laravel, nativescript(ios/android), mysqli, javascript, wordpress and responsive websites.  i will design/develop your website with all the modern web functionality. , masterahsan1                            zaionsofficial 
focused towards rich user interface and mobile-based modern application development. ability to analyze and resolve the problems , conceptbux , senior web developer 
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in business process, debugging code, google webmaster tools, product marketing, and product development. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in computer software engineering from university of science and technology, bannu. ,
i am a tenacious problem solver focused on making technology work. strong analytical skills combined with experience in object oriented programming techniques. i am an individual who turns challenges into building blocks to learn and master technology. , prohr pakistan 
i am complete dedicated work  solving your problems 24x7. daily communication, quick response, feedback after project delivery, real time support. major expertise in  business card designed logo design psd design   psd to html.   psd to wordpress.   responsive website.   full e commerce website.   custom portfolio / business websites .   wordpress websites  twitter bootstrap react native (android/ios) we assure you quality results. client satisfaction is our first priority!!!! ,
i actually loves to work in computer. i am working in wordpress, html5, bootstrap, css, javascript & jequery. and i am working on these since 2014. i have been certified from dzine vision ( software training institute ) in 2015. i have great skill with wordpress. and i for my clients to make or design their websites. now i am working in marketplace for full time. in future i want to be a more skillful than present 
a computer science  major who came into the world of computers and programming by chance and now want to stay in it forever. currently working on web development. , four nodes , web developer 
hi i'm malik waqar and i have done bachelor in software engineering and having 2+ years of experience related to my services. my skills  html5, css3, javascript, bootstrap, mysql, php(laravel framework), wordpress, shopify, adobe illustrator  services  wordpress websites ecommerce solitions graphics designing laravel development 
i'm a passionate web developer, working for different companies as a freelancer (doing fulltime job in a digital agency also). core commands are on php, wordpress, joomla, magento and opencart  a quick study, dynamic, and punctual professional recognized for successfully integrating advanced technology to improve organizational growth and profitability. a multi-dimensional it professional trusted by his peers/superiors with a proven record of meeting tight deadlines and handling pressure.  programming   php | mysql | javascript | jquery | ajax | data tables | json | xml  framework   codeigniter  cms    magneto | opencart | wordpress | woo commerce | magento | prestashop | joomla  wordpress  woo commerece | buddy press | userpro | social login | theme integration | theme customization | theme bugs fixing | wordpress migration | custom responsive themes | multi vendor  payment gateway integration   authorize | paypal | stripe | wepay | 2checkoutout | moulton  os   ubuntu, windows  freelance     hussain marketing network    intermedia communications    fair marketing networks    amron.pk    sams lifestyle    bonexia healthcare , nadish 
fresh software engineer with skills of laravel  mvc, angular js, es6 , bootstrap, jquery and databases. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science in computer science from government college university, lahore. ,
i have good experience building dynamic and responsive websites using html, php, mysql, css, jquery, and ajax. my areas of expertise are in building web apps using php , wordpress, mysql, laravel 4-5, vue.js and bootstrap. i've built many sites with complex functionality, some of which included   -invoicing -accounting systems -online payments -scheduling -customer relationship systems -content management systems  i take a lot of pride in writing clean well documented and easy to maintain code. i love building apps from the ground up but i can also step in and help on others projects when needed. i understand communication with the client is important so i make it a point to be as responsive as possible and report regularly on project progress.  need a developer for one of your projects  i'd love to discuss it!  thanks for reading. 
for the past few years i have been involved in one ios project after another, gaining experience and improving my skills to the point where i can quickly code mobile solutions on the iphone and ipad using the most up-to-date technologies and coding practices.     the more i live, the more i learn. the more i learn, the more i realize, the less i know.         michel legrand ,
constantly working on my t shape , spotify , ios engineer ,code author and craftsman responsible for code delivery in a timely and accurate fashion.   this includes working as part of a mobile team in developing features for ios apps and working on tasks and designs assigned on a day-to-day basis to achieve teams goals, including collaboration with qa, business analysts, and product management. 
hands-on technologist with 14 years experience, developing software for mobile and desktop applications for a wide variety of user communities, of which 8 years of development for ios platforms, fast learner, highly determined skilled with such tools as swift, objective c, xcode , jenkins, and javascript, as well as server side technologies including aws and linux. team player noted for a strong ability to efficiently navigate projects through the complete development life cycle while maintaining a constant focus on creating engaging customer user experiences. 
experienced mobile developer with a demonstrated history of working on highly-scalable solutions at high-profile companies. skilled in objective-c, swift, c++, arc, java, dependency injection, singleton patterns, agile methodologies, test-driven development, in ios & android environments. strong engineering professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in computer science & software engineering from the university of washington. 
bs in computer science from wayne state university, michigan.      currently employed at modus.org as an ios developer       previously employed at john deere as an embedded software engineer.       developer of ios application (myhealthkeeper) that allows patient to keep track of their medical record        seeking a fulltime employment as a software developer, ios developer, web developer or system analyst     excellent leadership,communication and management skills.     dedicated,self-motivated and hardworking individual looking for opportunities that help enhance my skillset.     willing to relocate anywhere in the united state. 
proficient software developer, with good experience in objective-c, swift, xcode, and numerous libraries and frameworks     well experienced in upgrading ios apps      has worked on numerous projects from start to finish     experienced in entire software development life cycle (sdlc) with proper analysis, development, testing, deployment and enhancement of the code.       an avid learner who is constantly staying up-to date in apple   s ever evolving ecosystem     passion for using best practices and making smart design and architecture decisions 
software engineer who runs a social media startup company. skilled in flutter/dart, objective-c, mobile applications, software design, scalable server architecture and software team management. strong business development professional with a bs focused in computer science from university of denver. previous professional experience in top 10 tech, defense, and multiple successful startups. ,
ios application developer with extensive experience designing and developing rich user interface customer facing ios applications, integrating with various database and web services using objective-c, swift and cocoa touch framework.     strong working experience on codebase with objective c and swift language with good understanding of swift and objective c interoperability and objective c to swift migration.     excellent knowledge in core concepts like object oriented programming (oop), memory management (memory profiling and performance tuning), persistent data and data structures, dependency injection, mvc pattern and mvvm pattern.     expertise in integrating third party libraries like visa checkout sdk, stripe (ayment processing), jumio mobile sdk (passport and credit card scanning), newrelic (analytics), afnetworking, alamofire (networking), swiftyjson (json parsing).     experience in concurrent programming with grand central dispatch (gcd), operations, operationqueue for responsive user interface.     experience in data persistence using coredata and sqlite     deep insight of ios memory management mechanisms and have experience with arc     experience writing unit test cases using xctest and ocmock frameworks     involved in the end to end application development process from idea to deployment using agile methodology by participation in backlog grooming, sprint planning, sprint review and retro.     delivered high-quality, high-performance
i learn and apply challenging concepts in software development because it gives me an unparalleled sense of accomplishment. creating and implementing solutions limited only by my imagination and available technology is my kind of fun. i live for the moments when i feel like i've contributed to the well-designed, maintainable machine that every code base should be.
i   m an ios developer who loves building applications that get users excited. i care about the craft of building software, and take great joy in learning new things.
i'm a people person. i appreciate interacting with people of diverse backgrounds in order to learn and share perspective. however, after being invited to the at&t developer's hackathon my love for software engineering and product development began. since then, software engineering has become an integral aspect of life empowering me to solve problems as they come.  when i'm not working i enjoy reading philosophy, playing soccer, embarking on adventures and occasionally the good ol' movie binge. while computer science seems to be at odds with spirituality, i've found an awesome union between science and theology.   lastly, i love learning, collaboration and problem solving.  languages  swift, python, ruby, solidity frameworks  xcode, rails, git, firebase(no sql), heroku, parse (sql), json, api, restful professional  lean product development
computer graphics and user interfaces  specialties  java, python, c++, objective-c, opengl, opengl es, qt, php, javascript, flex, sql, c# final cut pro, adobe premiere pro, adobe after effects maya 
over 9 years of experience in the area of software development for ios using swift/objective c, which includes understanding requirement specification, working on software design, coding, bug fixing, testing and maintenance. authorized to work in the us for any employer     swift / objective c       swiftui       ui and ux design experience       apple approval distribution process, adhoc enterprise distribution       apple spritekit for game development       apple metal, arkit       game development on unity3d using c#       server side programming using swift, java       rest api development       web technologies for mobile including xhtml, java, css, json, mysql, jsf       understanding of information security architectures and applied cryptographic protocols, and access control systems       setting up and maintaining dedicated servers on linux os       knowledge of professional software engineering practices and best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management
with my passion for innovations, solving problems and learning new skills,  i love working on challenging projects building new features that drive metric and boost the growth of the application. i have a strong mobile development experience with both swift and objective-c. i take pride in writing well-architected and testable codes.   besides technical skills, i am a veteran who has extensive military experience working on a team, leading team, communicating and continuously innovating. with these experiences, i have built myself to become a disciplined person, team player, achiever, and growth-minded person. 
i'm a full-time content creator based in san diego. i'm a second-generation japanese american and worked for six years as a senior ios software engineer in silicon valley companies like intuit, patreon, and netflix.  i work full-time on creating content primarily on youtube that aims to help people find their way through the tech industry and life. my youtube channel has over 300,000+ subscribers, with over 12 million views on my videos. through lifestyle, career, and tech advice videos, i enjoy talking about topics such as imposter syndrome, cultural identity, and emotional vulnerability.  i'm not currently looking for full-time opportunities in software engineering, as i'd like to concentrate on growing my business. i would appreciate it, however, if you connect me to someone who can help me do this.   if you or your company interested in partnering together through a sponsored video,
i have been a front-end software engineer since 2006 and i have been an ios software engineer since 2009. a new york native, now settling down here in austin texas. 
i love building things that i find useful and could possibly help others too.,my real name is nuseir. i grew up as a palestinian-israeli. hated it. went to harvard. graduated. got a job. hated it. started making videos. loved it.  nas daily has grown to over 20 million followers across facebook and instagram. now, we have the chance to influence millions of people with good products and good content. i'm on my next mission to build a company that will do that.   our storytelling / video abilities are unlike any other. we are fast - and we make unforgettable content. i am beyond proud of the team and we are just starting.  if you believe in our mission,
ios engineer. artist and habitual writer. , jumbo privacy ,a multi-disciplined developer with 10 years of experience, with a passion for building solutions ranging from scientific to entertainment applications. dedicated to producing engaging software that is high quality, well documented and thoroughly tested. embraces methodologies while keeping focused on the big picture. 
experienced ios software engineer, with deep knowledge of the platform's fundamentals around 2d animation, video playback, and camera capture pipelines.  some of my framework specialties include  - avfoundation - core animation , cbowns 
i am a product focused software engineer with a passion for building technologies that genuinely help people in their daily lives. at the moment mobile is my realm of expertise with a specialization in the ios platform. , mailchimp , ios engineer 
engineer, developer, critical thinker, manager for various associative industry demands  animal lover and proponent of all things creative.  i am passionate and outgoing about developing programs and aids that help business' and individuals thrive and advance in today's every day environments and challenges, markets and opportunities!   i have over 20 years experience of successful computer programming specializing in ios development (iphone and ipad), from the ground up. i maintain a dependable and exceptional work ethic and customer service mantra, balanced with a good sense of humor and love of problem solving and execution. i am very comfortable with working individually or as a team.  ~ deep and diverse management skills, from building technical teams to organizing development and product strategies to bringing successful business applications to market.  ~ sales engineering support skills  ~ software and hardware installation, support, and training  technical summary      ios (4.0 - 10.0) - xcode         objective-c         swift     github     object oriented programming (oop) and agile methodologies     sql      sql server     microsoft visual foxpro (6.0 - 9.0)     relational database design      windows, vista, and 7.0, 8.0     mac os 
i cofounded and developed pod, a well-loved ios calendar app that was acquired in 2019. before that i led ios development at asana.  apart from those projects, i've spent the last 11 years helping product companies accomplish their goals, with a special focus on the ios platform. i often work in a distributed team.
software engineer with it and design experience    specializing in mobile development , and ui/ux design  expertise in swift, objective-c, ruby, ruby on rails. skilled in adobexd, illustrator, adobe photoshop, and sketch.  programming skills      languages  swift, objective-c, ruby, ruby on rails, python, c++.     ides  xcode, vscode, visual studio, python opc.     creating ios apps with swift and xcode, including in-depth knowledge of cocoa touch and the ios sdk.     prototyping and building intuitive user interfaces with uikit, both programmatically and via interface builder.     consuming rest apis and json payloads with urlsession and codable.     managing concurrency and async code with dispatch queues
software engineer with a passion for technology and problem-solving. i have over two years of experience in ios development. i'm familiar with the app development process and working in fast-paced and data-driven environments.   my goal is to leverage my skills to build innovative products that can shape the world into a better place.
experienced mobile application developer(ios) | building apps, delivering solutions | detail-oriented, responsible and committed engineer |  mscit 
my passion lies at the intersection of product and engineering. i love building.               my career so far can by divided into 3 acts    act i   computer graphics  while at michigan, i was drawn into the world of computer graphics programming due to the pure stimulation of turning written code into a visual image. i spent 11 years in the visual effects / animation industry as a generalist, with a focus on all things rendering and shading. i loved that there was always something new to learn and several layers of depth to explore in any given topic.  act ii   ios  living in santa monica, i saw first-hand the innovation happening in web & mobile and wanted to be a part of it. i was lucky enough to learn ios development from zero while at originate. this led to working with various early stage startups and building mvps for clients. i was fortunate enough to be lead ios for studio tiu, which was featured a few times by apple under 'new apps we love' and 'app of the day'.  act iii   mobile + augmented reality  pivoting into ios, i knew that it was inevitable that my worlds would collide. with augmented reality on the brink of being a major platform shift, i have been very involved in the community and have co-founded a location-based ar startup neon. i now see product and technology through this lens and am very excited for what the future will bring! ,
i am a software engineer with a passion for web and ios development. i love being challenged with logical problems and using my creative and analytical skills to solve them. to me, software engineering is like a never-ending puzzle that solves practical problems to improve the lives of people around the globe. i'm truly fascinated by the power of programming to implement innovative changes in the real world.   as a full stack software developer, i have enjoyed using ruby, javascript, react/redux, ruby on rails, postgresql, css, and html in my projects. i have also enjoyed building a project using mern (mongodb, express.js, react.js, node.js) stacks. most recently, i created an endless runner game called dino forest using html canvas, css, and javascript. you can visit my website to find more about these projects at .   i truly love coding and look forward to surrounding myself with people who share the same passion. 
ios engineer / developer seeking to use my experience with sales, entrepreneurship, and development to help companies reach their software goals. along with my strong knowledge of ios development fundamentals, i bring an entrepreneurial mindset that i believe can help businesses thrive.
software developer and programming enthusiast with experience developing and testing ios applications and backend applications.     exceptional understanding and good knowledge of design patterns like mvc, mvvm, singleton, delegate, observer, adapter etc.      skilled at leveraging multithreading using gcd dispatch queues and operation queues.      experienced with various ios frameworks like uikit, coredata, corelocation, avkit, localauthentication, mapkit etc. and integrating third party frameworks like alamofire, swiftyjson, realm using cocoapods.      good problems solving and troubleshooting skills.     worked with waterfall and agile scrum methodologies and effectively achieved milestones.     familiar with version control and build system. ,
only available for remote ios contract work.,tested individual with leadership skills.interested in technology and working to be a better individual everyday. skillful in swift,c++,c#,html,css,js,php,python,sql and more. good in public speaking and management. professional with bachelor's in computer science and mathematics from cameron university. eagerly waiting to pursue career in the field of software engineering in a good environment. if you're looking for fresh graduates i might be one of your choice. 
mobile software engineer, focused on ios, with a passion for high quality professional work and creating eye-catching and also technically outstanding products.  summary in numbers  - 5 years of professional experience with ios development - 5 years of professional experience in software development industry -  80 apps in appstore, one awarded as apple's editor choice - about 15 rogramming languages experienced  i am constantly developing my it skills and working hard to bring software development to a higher level, taking advantage of many modern development techniques like  - continuous integration - automated testing - unit testing - automated app building - app crash reporting - more (even building my own tools, where available tools are just not enough, to bring the world class product to life)  as for the programming skills, i have solid foundation in objective-c, mvc and its objective-c related design patterns which gave me high proficiency in overall software architectural design (not only focused on ios). i have experience with hacking but also securing ios applications, which i consider to be an important aspect of every solid app today.  as for myself, i am self-motivated, ambitious with ability to quickly learn, friendly individual with positive attitude and problem solving skills. 
languages  swift, objective-c, c, c++, java, javascript  sdks  ios, android, parse  i have always had a passion for mobile devices and love to observe how people use them in their daily lives for entertainment, productivity and social networking.   no matter where i am or what i'm doing, trying to change how mobile devices can improve not hinder our daily lives is always on my mind. , adam13vy ,
i'm an ios developer with 10 years of experience building native ios apps. i   ve created and submitted my own apps to the app store, as well as been the sole dev on a team that did consulting. my most recent full time role was with ebay, working on the selling portion of the ios app.  i work mostly with swift, and have experience bridging between swift and objective-c.    i   m mostly interested in remote jobs, as i like to travel to meet new people. ,
senior ios engineer.  strengths  utilizing cocoa touch design patterns to architect/develop clean and intuitive ui/ux, efficient network interfaces, low memory footprints, and concurrent processing.     other skills  debugging, instruments, git, ruby on rails, mongo, photoshop/sketch, software management, program management, account management, qa management. , stylsavvy ,
i   m a passionate software engineer with overall 7+ years of software experience in the sdlc process which includes 5+ years of building and shipping consumer-fronted and enterprise native ios applications.   i   m currently working as a senior mobile developer at gap inc. in the past, i   ve worked as a lead software engineer and senior mobile developer. my experience includes retail, health and fitness tracking, infrastructure support, and technology-based products. i have successfully built and delivered numerous projects from inception to production phase.   i   m always interested in building innovative products using design and technology that can bring a difference in people's lives and the way they engage with the world. ,
design is not just what it looks like and feels like. design is how it works.  being a good ui designer and coding the design into the functional application is my passion.  working in perleybrook labs llc is a great experience to work from the design to deployment of a native mac/ios application. working in a startup gives you a hell lot of experience and i am experiencing it to the core. , beingbarath , , dcoder , ios developer 
i'm an ios developer - making mobile apps with swift in san francisco. i believe mobile is the future and gives more possibilities to people than ever before. i've been working at various companies - from tech startups to agencies, google, exploratorium, etc. i'm originally from ukraine and have background in physics.   specialties  ios developer, swift, xcode, mobile, iphone, ipad ,
skills / experience - bachelors degree in computer science - self-starter, able to design and develop independently and work with teams when necessary - knowledge of software development methodologies - objective c, swift, cocoa touch / uikit frameworks - xcode development tools - 6 plus years of experience developing ios applications, experience developing for both iphone and ipad - data integration using json and knowledge of calling backend services from iphone app - experience using apple's notification services - memory management - experience with third-party libraries and apis , serious_jackk ,
kapital bank ojsc , ios developer ,dedicated professional ios developer seeking a position at a company that encourages excellent creative work and client service. , capital one , software engineer 
software engineer with a specialization in application development (mobile, wearable, tv, and desktop)  platforms  ios, tvos, watchos, uwp, android  languages  swift, objective-c, c++, java, kotlin, c# 
lead ios engineer with about 8 + years of  experience in building consumer facing  and highly engaging rich applications on ios and tvos  platform. worked with some of the top companies like jp morgan chase, kohls  etc. experience is managing teams small and large and passionate about ios platform. , apple 
started programming when i was 12. never stopped since then.  i am software developer with four years of industry experience. i have written c/c++ on linux for most of these four years. i have worked across teams, in parallel at times without compromising on the expected results.  the latest weapon i am adding to my arsenal is ios development using swift. and i am super excited about it. my experience across domains and platforms has helped me design and develop end-to-end solutions  - native, web and mobile. i write code for around 4-6 hours every day, including weekends
    10+ years of software engineering experience      8+ years of ios software development experience       10+ applications on appstore and number of ios products developed for internal use       2 years of web development experience
after proving myself to be a fast learner and passionate entrepreneur, i have devoted myself to immerse into the software development world, achieving a great level of proficiency in different platforms.  i find myself comfortable working with photoshop, indesign, illustrator, flash, html, css, javascript and other object oriented programming languages like actionscript and objective c (currently learning swift).  my passion has been focusing more and more into ios development, i can't have enough of it. i have experience working with   - uikit - coredata - parse - third parties libraries - uimap kit - geolocation - custom cells - storyboards and xibs - testflight - mvc architecture - networking  i like to keep myself up to date with the newest technologies, libraries and conventions. , curvelodaniel 
my primary computer science interests are in human-computer interaction, application development, operating systems architecture, and ubiquitous computing. 
i build mobile applications that leave users deeply fulfilled. i pride my work on external and internal beauty. my passion for learning and teaching keeps me always hungry for more! holds a bs in informatics from the university of washington. 
ios developer  ,accomplished mobile software architect and developer specializing in swift and reactive programming on the ios platform. passionate about creating great user experiences, designing beautiful user interfaces, and writing elegant code. constantly striving to improve skills and learn new technologies.       ios app architect and developer since 2010      industry-recognized expert in swift, rxswift, and the ios sdk including swiftui and combine      fluent with design patterns, best practices, and apple   s ios human interface guidelines (hig)      experienced leading and managing teams, mentoring junior developers, and working at startups, agencies, and large enterprises      well-versed in publishing apps on the app store      top stack overflow contributor      developer of loc, winner of the 2017 appy awards in the messaging and social sharing categories      apple certified trainer (act) for the introduction to swift 4, introduction to the ios 11 sdk, and app development with swift 4 courses   primary skills  ios  swift, swiftui, combine, rxswift/rxcocoa, objective-c
detailed-oriented, responsible and committed software engineer with a get-it-done, on-time and high-quality product spirit, and more than a decade of experience defining requirements, designing, implementing, testing, and delivering complex mobile applications, back-end and front-end web development, using various programming languages and technologies.  technical proficiency includes   programming languages  java, swift, objective-c, react native, php, c#/.net, javascript  database  mysql, postgresql, firebase, sql  tools  visual studio
i am a detail-oriented ios developer, avid traveler, lifelong learner and adventurer with a professional background in multimedia, marketing, and paid advertising. the skills i have developed, from a diverse group of jobs i have held over the years, provide me with a unique perspective in order to come up with creative solutions. i enjoy development which makes the complex appear simple, innovates, improves lives, and/or helps the environment.  published apps  anti snooze | zo app  skills & technologies  ios development  swift | objective-c | xcode | interface builder | uikit | watchkit | cloudkit | core data | core location | networking | restful apis | json parsing | user notifications | unit testing | mvc | app connect | debugging | testflight | git | github | jira  marketing / paid advertising  pay per click (ppc) | google ads | bing ads | yelp ads | facebook ads | linkedin ads | campaign creation | campaign maintenance | campaign analysis | landing page optimization | search engine marketing (sem) | search engine optimization (seo) | excel | google docs | google sheets | html | css   multimedia  cinematography | photography | graphic design | video editing | final cut x | photoshop | illustrator | sketch | wordpress 
i entered the software development business with a passion as a second career. working as an ios mobile software developer at disney, voalte and omni enterprise solutions gave me 2 years swift, 8 years objective c on ios and 5 years before that with c.  these experiences included php, mysql, agile, rest, json, continuous integration and automated builds, and unit testing as well as third party libraries such as pjsip (voip), xmpp (text messaging).  and they included building, testing and delivering libraries of our own for enterprise customers. i trained in molecular biology at wisconsin, stanford and harvard. ,
i am a highly motivated and detail-oriented ios developer with a passion for solving unique problems. applied science (b.a.sc.) graduate with 4+ years of experience. currently concentrated on ios development. swift, objectivec, always looking for best practices and technologies 
specialized in ios development, full-stack development. mobile apps development using swift, objective - c, firebase, cocoapods, uikit, mapkit, corelocation, mapkit, createmlui, gestures, jdswiftheatmap, apple geocoder for both iphone and ipad. notable experience in web application development using reactjs, javascript, php, redux, node, various react components, html
ios developer from sunny california now living in sunnier arizona. target goals include developing products to improve the users' overall quality of life and access to resources.
programming is my favorite hobby and my career. i specialize in ios and love being part of the community. cocoa touch, objective-c, and swift are my best friends. in the ios community, i i also frequently write over ios development as well as teach courses over it. you can find my work at sitepoint, tuts +, pluralsight, sinch, my own technical blog, and of course - the app store. i've also done talks at numerous user groups and conventions over ios development and swift.
ios mobile app developer and amateur breakdancer who's eager to learn and create his own style.  ios engineer with over three years of industry experience designing, building and deploying consumer mobile apps used by millions of users. , zubairasgar 
8 years of ios application development experience     swift + objective-c     proficient knowledge of programming experience using swift and objective-c.  13 published apps in the app store. over 6 years of experience in the area of software development for mobiles and web, which includes understanding requirement specification, working on software design, coding, testing, and maintenance. hands-on experience with swift and ios sdk features and newly-released frameworks. ,
experienced in ios sdk using ios frameworks such as uikit, core data + sqlite, core animation, gcd and queue for threading and other core technologies and third party libraries, frameworks and service using cocoapods for dependency management.   familiar with ios development concepts such as mvc, singletons, nsnotificationcenter, protocols and delegation. experienced with rest api and json integration, firebase, customizing ui views with code and auto-layout.  i have a background on web and software development designing, developing and implementing online web applications using, java,  jee, php, with excellent performance in object-oriented programming and strong knowledge of data base.  programming languages  java, c, c++, php
passionate, energetic, personable, hard working, dedicated ios developer with background in broadcast journalism, marketing & communications. looking for software engineering opportunities. looking to leverage my skills and experience acquired through work experience at pursuit, fox news and gnyada. excellent verbal and written communications skills. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in ios development. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in information technology from university of utah. , homie , ios developer 
i have been developing on the ios platform since october 2014 in swift and objective-c.  with a background in customer service, i am uniquely suited for working on a team and with clients.  my passion for people and technology inspires me to pursue the collaborative creation of valuable software.  in the workplace, i make people feel valued and cared for.  co-workers and managers enjoy my presence, along with my insatiable desire to learn.
i am an app developer with a passion for all things mobile. my love of clean code and a smooth user experience pushes me to create apps with optimal performance. my experience at medfax has allowed me to create applications and watch them instantly being used by my peers. this has given me incomparable insight into how users think and what they want out of an application. as a result i have greatly enhanced my insight into what my users want, before they even know it.    specialties  ios, mac apps, user interface design, belly rolling. ,
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in swift, node, react, objective-c, express, and postgressql. strong engineering professional with a master of science (m.s.) focused in computer science with an emphasis in entrepreneurship from university of san francisco. 
i'm a curious, self-motivated and collaborative ios developer with a deep passion for problem solving, new technologies, and delivering world-class user experiences. i'm known as that relentless student who constantly strives to accelerate from novice to expert level proficiency with each new pursuit.  working in a team environment brings me a great deal of satisfaction. i have traveled extensively on a global level, and have an ability to bring together people with differing backgrounds, priorities and interests.   i'm always willing to take on the most challenging tasks, figure out the relevant issues, and formulate the blueprints that achieve resolution and meet objectives. 
i am an ios engineer with industry experience working on development and testing of ios applications for microsoft, garmin international, abbott laboratories and blackboard inc. i have also worked as an undergraduate teaching assistant with a demonstrated history of holding multiple leadership positions. i am skilled in swift, objective-c, ui design, sdlc, and agile methodologies. i have a bachelor   s degree in computer science from the university of texas at arlington. 
i've focused on professional ios development, and consistently interested in the best opportunity to grow as an effective software engineer, versatile enough to serve many aspects of software engineering and application development. during past years, i've been involved in more than 20+ iterations of ios app production, with the advanced experiences in following areas  - professional-level objective-c & swift proficiency - full utilization of auto-layout & storyboard, universally for iphone & ipad - also, non-interface builder dependent, programmed ui development. - wk(ui)webview based hybrid implementation for mobile client & server collaboration - core data, core location(mapkit), avfoundation, xctest, etc.  - developer & app store connect team account administration - app store & in-house enterprise deployment - minimal self-implementation of a backend to support mobile side  along with ios, with the intention to be more effectively helpful to the team, i've consistently expanded my interest in other areas like python, aws, linux, data science, etc. 
over the years, my focus within the computer science space has transformed as my dreams have become more prominent and as my knowledge has advanced.  leaving my mark as an ios developer drives my intention in all of my work. i have written 10+ ios apps including automotive app, tiktok game, messaging, photo sharing and e-commerce app etc. my ultimate passion is transforming a problem into the real workable code and bringing ideas to life, a combination of innovative design and pragmatic implementation.  my skills    + programming languages  swift, objective-c, php, c/c++ + ios native app development using objective-c and swift  + objc/runtime  + restful  + xml, json parsing  + realm, coredata, sqlite  + auto layout + social platform sdks & apis - facebook, twitter, instagram, venmo, coinbase + google map integration & geolocation  + text chat using xmpp, starscream  + barcode and qrcode scanning  + push notifications - firebase  + local notification - usernotifications + bluetooth functionality using bluetoothcore  + performance optimization  + project management using git
please feel free to contact me for anything from asking a simple question, reviewing work, making a personal connection with someone i know, to even grabbing coffee and mentoring. i look forward to helping in any way that i can.  five things that make me good at what i do    1. no fear to fail - allows me to push boundaries without worrying about the risk. i build faster knowing that i can get to my failures faster and overcome / fix them quicker.  2. desire to change - most people love their comfort zone and hate to change. i desire things to constantly be evolving. granted this puts way more work on my plate, but it also pushes me to better myself everyday.  3. imagination - i embrace my childlike way of life. i love to have fun, whether it is playing video games, watching animated movies, or even day dreaming of other worlds. to push past what we know, we need to imagine things outside of the known. mixing things together that don't make sense is done by using your imagination. i tend to come up with my best ideas after i have been acting like a kid for a couple hours.  4. devil's advocate - most people love and hate me for this reason at the same time. i will practice this characteristic when i believe others are settling for something that can be better. i love asking questions to stir up answers that might not have come out if everyone agreed. i enjoy ripping ideas apart, to find why the person really is pursuing the idea. sometimes i find out that they just are in it for the money and they didn't actually think about solving a problem.  5. passionate - giving up is for those who don't have a reason to keep going. many people have succeeded against all odds, because of their passionate drive. i only work on what i am passionate about. lastly, i am very passionate about creation and new ideas. i love helping other brainstorm and strategize how to make their idea come to life and be successful. , joalbright ,
software engineer at doordash focusing on ios mobile app development.   i grew up in queens, new york with entrepreneurial parents and went on to complete a bs in mechanical engineering at the university of florida after attending seminole state college. upon graduation, i completed a short stint in the defense sector and then transitioned into software development. outside of work i play racquet sports and volleyball. i also really enjoy learning about improv. i volunteer with the seminole state alumni foundation to help increase opportunities for students and am a society of fellows member with the aspen institute.   i'm happy to engage in speaking opportunities with topics such as  - breaking into tech - undergraduate education - ios development  myers-briggs type indicator  extrovert, intuitive, thinking, judging (entj) tools  jira, git, github, bitbucket, stash, confluence, trello, hipchat, slack specialties  coredata,
prolific ios programmer as well as devops engineer with over 7 years of experience, creating complex applications for ios platform, including games, health care, and e-commerce. worked with full product development lifecycle, with end to end agile bdd automation. proven history as a valued contributor to the development lifecycle, with involvement in requirements, functional analysis, specifications, coding, testing, and debugging. familiar with a variety of languages and frameworks, including java, objective c, c++, swift, xcode
i am very passionate about creating unique mobile experiences and quality applications for the ios platform. , obsessive-c lab 
junior ios developer in movieshowdown inc, experienced with swift programming language, completed several courses on coursera and udemy to complete and enhance my ios skills. i have two apps on apple store (movieshowdown & screenboom) . i love programming, it is my habit and i want to be my job too. now i am earning a nano-degree  as a full stack web developer from udacity, learning python, flask and  restful api 
experience          first mobile developer at civitas learning and honeywell's austin studio         founding freelancer at emaza mobile         tech bigwig at bigwig games, inc         founded and launched ptracker, llc, a provider of news discovery apps for iphone and ipad         crafting ios apps since 2008  current app stats (summer 2019)         apps crafted from scratch and shipped to app store, as sole or lead developer   4 iphone + 6 ipad + 1 universal (includes 1 watch app)         apps built but not shipped (prototypes, mvps, etc)   6 iphone + 1 ipad + 4 universal (includes 1 keyboard app)         app store apps i contributed to   1 iphone, 1 ipad, 5 universal (includes 1 watch app)         total app count   29 ios apps built or contributed to  latest side project on the app store  latest prototype (swiftui)   18+ years total development of user experiences, from web to native mobile. high performance startup teams, larger it organizations, owner and operator of various web projects and consulting businesses.         full life-cycle experience working with customers, end-users, marketing pros, department heads, and business owners to define requirements and manage expectations, communicate project status, implement and deliver
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of integrating multiple systems through various platforms and working with legacy codebase to optimize balance between tech debt and innovation. , drund 
eugene uses his specialty in ios to enhance communities & friendships.  he has been developing ios apps since 2009. , jet.com 
overall 5+ years of experience in designing & developing user interface applications, integrating with various databases and client-server applications in iphone/ipad application development using objective-c,c++, sql, cocoa touch, cocoa bindings, core animation custom controls.     strong knowledge in all phases of software development life cycle (sdlc) process, which include requirement analysis, designing, implementing, debugging, fixing and maintaining the software.     strong expertise in ios sdk, objective-c, xcode and its frameworks.     strong knowledge of swift.     experience in building and publishing commercial iphone and/or ipad applications.     extensively worked with storyboard, apple carplay, mapkit, core data
ios engineer ,experienced ios instructor with a demonstrated history of working in ios. skilled in swift 4.0, objective-c, xcode, git, json parsing, mvc design pattern, cloudkit and coredata. strong professional graduated from devmountain ios immersive program. 
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in multiple industries. skilled in swift and objective-c. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer science from syracuse university.   my personality types are disc c (analyst), myers-briggs istj. i am primarily driven by logic. i'm most energized by solving problems, being correct, accuracy and precision. ,
i am an ios software engineer who loves creating delightful user experiences on high-quality products that enrich people's lives. , allo 
i am an ios developer who is working at facebook. i have been a mobile developer for more than 6 years and developed an in-depth knowledge on how to use the technologies in iphones and ipads to build great apps. , whatsapp inc. 
professional with experience in mobile application development (iphone/ipad) using objective-c, swift, uikit, core location, mapkit, cocoa touch and cocoa service frameworks.     strong knowledge on development of hybrid applications using dart.     experience working in arxan technology to bitcode the ipa to publish to appstore.     strong working knowledge in object oriented programming (oops) with experience in programming languages like c, c++, objective-c, and swift 4.0.     extensive knowledge of apple's instrument tools for ios, passionate to work on memory optimization, performance improvement.     experience as a developer in designing, developing, implementing, testing and publishing apps on itunes store.      experience in implementing core frameworks like uikit, avfoundation, mapkit core location, core data and core graphic framework.     experience in parsing xml and json data using nsxmlparser and nsjsonserialization for display on the iphone/ipad from server.     experience in developing high performance ios and os x applications that respond appropriately at every phase of their life cycle while consuming optimal amount of memory using different sdk   s, frameworks
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in ios, swift, objective-c, ror, sql, rspec, and restful webservice. strong engineering professional with an be degree in computer science from hcm international university and advanced diploma software engineering focused in computer software engineering from aptech. ,
i've been building ios apps since my freshman year of high school. i'm skilled at ios development and have years of practice building great user experiences. i've also spent two summers working alongside experienced ios engineers and know what it takes to work alongside other professionals. , hawkeye 
highly motivated and outgoing with exceptional communication and leadership skills proven through work, club, and volunteering involvement. passionate about mobile applications and their integration with embedded systems. interested in an internship or full-time job at a well renowned, fast paced, and innovative company. ,
for over 20 years, i've built business solutions around technology. since 2000, i've watched the rate at which businesses adopt emerging technologies rise, which requires us as technology leaders to keep entire workforces connected. increased connectivity with customers and vendors must be supported by enhanced infrastructure including computers, mobile devices, cloud solutions, and media creation software.  over the years, i've learned and practiced the critical art of building bridges between technology and people. without people who are engaged with their hearts and minds in technology solutions, business sees little improvement. successful implementation of technology solutions requires deep collaboration and empathy. great business leaders listen to their people, understand their challenges, and find ways to improve technology. successful execution also requires communication and training, which requires an understanding of how the workforce thinks and learns, reasons for why the new solution exists, and a level of teaching mastery to effectively educate workers in the use of new technology.  these are the principles and philosophies i promote as a leader in technology-driven organizations. i have a strong reputation as a technical expert, but even more so as a leader of teams. i enjoy coaching and mentoring team members as much as i enjoy managing projects.   most recently, i was involved with a renewable energy startup. through this experience, i migrated a few degrees away from hands-on technical work and led the organization as a senior executive. the company recently ceased operations
just your average developer who spends way to much time finding the most ridiculous way to solve a simple problem  ,experienced ios developer with five years of mobile experience.   i started my career in the it industry almost immediately out of high school in 2006, i began by working for friends and family building pcs and setting up simple home networks. by taking on small tasks and gradually leading up to bigger prospects and eventually working full time in the field, i was able to broaden my understanding of technology which eventually led me to working on development.  since 2013, i have been working with ios development. it began as a hobby but quickly developed into a beloved passion of mine. once apple released its first beta of swift back in late 2014, i was instantly hooked on it. since then, i have been working very closely with the swift language and its development over the years into what it is today. i have learned much about ios and its respective sdk/frameworks and to this day, i still am extremely passionate about it and don't see that changing anytime soon.  over the years i've been working on expanding my development knowledge, understanding other tools and stacks better.  i am currently working on game development using unreal engine 4 as my hobby and ios development as my career. ,
i am a highly motivated ios developer who loves to learn about new technology and develop apps. i like creating highly readable and easily maintainable source code and enjoy all the challenges that each new project offers. i have worked very closely with many ios technologies like core data and autolayout, which you can check out on my github. 
senior ios engineer, zoosk, san francisco, california, jan 2013 to jan 2015  zoosk - #1 dating app, top grossing ios dating application for singles - productive member on ios team of 5 developers - ios feature implementation, bug fixes, and source code maintenance - alternating leadership responsibility of ios team - developed pebble smart watch application prototype that partnered with zoosk ios application( unreleased    hack day    project )  lead engineer, crowdstar, san francisco, california, july 2011 to dec 2012  top stylist, ios / android cross-platform fashion game - joined mid-development to lead a team of 6 developers - simultaneous ios / android development   do you know me , ios game that uses an objective c uiwebview shell to simulate a native application experience using html 5. objective c / html 5 / css / javascript - participated in full development process to design and implement features - implemented initial game prototype - lead team of 4 developers to implement full game - implemented keyframe animations and transition effects using css   modern girl, freemium ios game. c ++ / objective c - bugfixes - feature implementation  social girl, freemium ios game. c ++ / objective c - participated in full development process to design and implement features. - performance and memory optimizations   top girl, freemium ios/android game. c ++ / objective c - bugfixes - localization support on ios and android  etc...  education  bachelor of science degree in game development, full sail real world education
over 20 years of experience in it as a developer of graphical user interfaces and databases.   *focusing on the ios app development space the last 5 years.  *successfully developed and deployed 4 apps of my own in the app store.  *part of the team tasked with a complete rewrite of at&t's u-verse app. released on the app store december 2014.  *constantly striving to learn more and challenge myself with new and exciting projects in the rapidly expanding mobile space. 
ios engineer with 4+ years of experience and a passion for building beautiful, impactful products.  developer of hello world travel app - top 500 travel app in over 80 countries , instagram 
after graduating from harvard in 2012 with a master's degree in information technology, i returned to california to pursue the lucrative mobile application market.  i delved deeper into what sets objective-c apart, the ios architecture, and embraced ui/ux design ideas.  i found an opportunity to take what are relatively traditional it concepts and apply them to a younger, fast-acting, social driven customer base.  now i work alongside the best in the business, from the community managers, to the ceos, and the vcs. ,
worked exclusively with ios development since 2008, both in professional and independent settings, producing a multitude of applications for the itunes app store.
9+ years of experience in ios development, design, systems analysis, testing and implementation of various mobile applications using objective c, cocoa touch & swift 2.2, 2.3 & 3.0. - built rich user interface applications, integrating with various databases and client-server applications on iphone/ipad. - worked on ios enterprise & native application development using xcode, rest/soap web services, sqlite, json/xml, google maps, bluetooth api, social media integration, multithreading, cache management, location based api, camera
completed 19 hour course on  dynamodb **  completed 2 aws associate courses  ** currently honing my game dev skills using unreal 4 and c++. ** currently brushing up on swift 4.0  multi-talented and creative.   i have experience ranging from electronics technician to managing 5-8 person home improvement teams and multiple projects.  i have done the entire development cycle of a mobile application from talking to the 'client' about their ideas all the way through prototype-refine-feature addition - release.  i have monitored, interacted with users and implemented featured based on feedback.  my diverse skill set and experience gives me a unique insight into the complexities of balancing the creative and analytical personnel that must not only coexist but merge into a cohesive team if any project - being a pbs television series or a mobile application - is going to succeed.  i feel that the above diversity is one of my strongest assets.  i can interact with a wide variety of job and personality types as well as explain complex technical details to the average user. 
iphone and ipad app development with a minor focus on project management.  one of the few developers on the planet who can say they had a platinum selling, rock band open for a showcase of their work in a stadium with 150,000 people watching.   shipped apps for cisco, the white house, jimmy johns, nordstrom, and disney.   specialties  iphone, ipad, ios, objective-c, swift, go, project managment, pmi certified certified associate project manager, capm. 
experienced ios and web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in swift, javascript, java, and c++. working knowledge of web frameworks like node and angular. 
i am a full stack ios developer who graduated from indiana university with a biochemistry bs. i am a hard worker, and i like to feel passionate about what i put my mind to. i work great independently and with groups where i strive to take leadership roles in the interest of improving my peers and myself. no matter the task, i enjoy problem-solving, which is what drives me to meet and exceed my goals. 
i am an ios developer with skills in building fundamentally sound applications, creating great user experiences, and leading a scrum team. along with my software expertise, i have experience designing digital hardware and control systems.
i enjoy creating ios applications that contribute to society and enhance the lives of its users, as well as experimenting with new technologies.
i   m a mobile app developer specializing in ios. my skills include swift, objective-c and java. i   ve also worked with frontend and backend web technologies, and am proficient in javascript and css/html.
ios engineer with 3 years experience. i believe  talk is cheap, show me the code . btw, i do have sense of humor. i have an interest in all things electronic and all areas related to their study, but my focus and experience lies largely within the realm of software development. i am especially interested in ever advancing user interface technology, human interface devices and dynamic, interactive systems. 
ios developer since 2008, i've worked for many great companies and on many great projects, like workday, docusign, imgur, and more. i love building sdks, and am an avid believer that swift is going to be the most popular full stack language in the next few years. , jpmcglone 
i'm an ios developer with 4 years of experience, 23 years old, worked in software house for 1.5 years, developed blood donation app called  b-donor  available on the app store & an app for palm tree school in va, usa for sending alerts to the students and filling re-enrollment forms from the app.  also developed an ios app for the egyptian railways, which is the official app for the egyptian railways, and i've showed the app in cairo ict 2018, and was approved by the minister of transportation.  developed json framework for  payme  ios app as one time project.    solo developed augmented reality app for my graduation, for placing furniture in ar space. got b+ grade (a is the highest grade).    developed couple of old apps as  chat app  was based on parse backend but it   s now offline. facebook shut down parse.   full info are available in my resume. ,
senior ios developer with more then 8 years of experience in software development, ios application design (both architectural and functional), integration, implementation, custom components, deployment, and product support profound experience in structured and object-oriented analysis, design, and development solid experience in continuous integration systems deployment, management, and support extensive architecture knowledge and experience in designing different types of iphone/ipad projects strong communication, multi-tasking, and organizational skills motivated team player with a positive attitude and a drive to deliver results in time and within budget able to communicate clearly and effectively when discussing issues with team members and management  languages  objective-c, swift, c/c++, bash, ruby  frameworks  foundation, uikit
i am an innovative software engineer with extensive experience in ios, developing apps and frameworks using swift and objective-c. i architected and developed an sdk that assisted a successful startup acquisition. i developed the open source ndt7 ios framework that measures the download and upload speed for m-lab. 
ios developer / foss user / samurai coder / github user  software developer focusing on ios development.  mobile applications development for ios platform using objective-c programming language 2d video games development for ios using    cocos2d for iphone    framework agile methodologies used  scrum, pair programming software design patterns used  mvc, delegation, notification/listener, singleton, blocks control version system used  git (github), hg (mercurial), svn (subversion) 
ios focused developer with combined 5+ years experience in ios and web development. developed and shipped several apps to the app store. penchant for writing well-crafted maintainable code. interested in modular design, generics, and protocol oriented programming. proponent of the growth mindset. ,
motivated ios developer that enjoys working in teams to solve problems and bringing ideas to life. i am a passionate ios developer with over 6 years of experience. i am a product-focused developer with a good sense for great design and ux. my skills  swift, objective-c, uikit, interface builder, auto-layout, ux/ui implementation, apple watch, ui animation , patrickleeadams 
a programmer and engineer who loves learning better and faster ways of solving problems. i have more than 5 years of experience in designing softwares in cocoa touch, swift and objective-c. i also have experience creating restful apis with both node.js and java.  i developed apps, almost exclusively for ios, worked directly with developers and product managers to conceptualize, build, test and release the product. 
nothing is better than solving complex problems with clean, elegant code. i have a passion for design and programming. i love to take on new challenges that push me to learn something new. 
experienced mobile application developer with a demonstrated history of developing digital apps for various industry such as telecom, biotechnology, health-care, real-estate. skilled in mobile applications, ios, objective-c, swift, core java, sql database operations.strong engineering professional with a master   s degree focused in computer science. 
hi, i   m caleb, and i help individuals and small businesses design and develop ios apps.   since 2018 i have developed ios apps from scratch for several clients using the swift programming language and frameworks such as uikit, avkit, swiftui, and more.    i also operate a youtube channel where a share what i learn as i continue developing new ios apps with the swift programming language.  my areas of expertise include  ios app development using swift, uikit, and swiftui , cr_wells ,
sexagenarian engineer with deep experience in ios, swift, and objectivec/c++. actively looking for a  mostly  remote role (i'm 2.5 hours commute to nyc, but can come in from time to time on short notice).  passionate about ios development - i immediately embraced swift and switched over to it for all new development, and am loving it!  after five years of os x development, i crossed over to ios where i've been ever since. thus, not only do i have a strong background on all the legacy foundation frameworks used in both platforms, but have prior unix experience with the core os underpinnings. in addition, as a msee i'm quite comfortable around hardware, and built and coded a wind turbine controller a few years ago.  i also give back - see the over 1000 answers i've given on stackoverflow where i'm rated in the top 1%. look at the open source software that is not only offered, but supported, on both github and sourceforge.  i get the job done, on schedule, with the desired quality   meaning i can spin a quick release with reasonable quality if needed, or craft a much more robust one with more time. i work well with people much younger than me and constantly strive for self improvement ,
building mobile and internet stuff | currently building mobile experience at latch.  ios developer with eleven years of it experience and 6 apps in app store. ios developer, digital a11y. , deque systems
i majored in business management with an emphasis in finance. after getting in a bit of trouble for putting together some vbs scripts to prank co-workers (didn't start it), i realized i was in the wrong environment. i jumped into a web development bootcamp and didn't look back. i enjoy working with the ios platform,  coding, and finding creative solutions to difficult problems. , devineror 
i am an ios developer constantly seeking new challenges. adventurous, unafraid, and always inquisitive.  i am a creative and ambitious ios developer. all aspects of our society - our commerce, our culture, and our social lives - are increasingly mediated by/on mobile platforms. my education at the flatiron school empowered me to be a contributor to these transformations. i am particularly passionate about building my experience as an engineering manager  i am driven to fully harness the strengths of my teammates and to find fun, supportive ways of addressing areas for growth. i worked previously in the fields of fine dining and organic farming, health data business, and nutrition and food access.
a design oriented ios engineer looking to build some beautiful ui. interest lies in art, animals rights, nature, and sustainability. 
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the financial industry. skilled in java, c++ and web and mobile development. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of applied science (basc) focused in computer engineering from university of waterloo. , splunk 
with hands-on professional and student experience in ios development, i am a motivated and dedicated professional proven in delivering awesome applications.  i have been in the software development field for around 4 years (2 years in web and now 2 years in ios development) and enjoy greatly battling down challenges within a team.  i have a broad base of knowledge of the ios application lifecycle, as well as mobile architecture, trends, and technologies. my expertise is in ios development using swift and i'd love to do it remotely for a long time.  specialties  software development, mobile design, ios development, testing, debugging.  technologies  swift, uikit, ios11+. ,
a mobile developer from a traditional biostatistics background. i love building things from scratch and designing products of usability! i am always looking to grow and learn from experiences of giants in our time as well as before. i enjoy reading books on self-development, culture, and autobiographies!   open to chat and create new connections. feel free to reach out! ,
ios engineer with a proven track record of creating cutting edge mobile applications . created over five ios applications for the iphone/ipad that currently are on the apple store . currently working on the fusar ios app,  that is number one for riders around the world. over four years experience in mobile applications development. 
i love to explore, understand, and learn how different technologies actually function behind the scene. specifically, i am a huge fan of ios mobile development. being able to make both visual and actual impacts to users via mobile applications means a lot to me!  besides technology, i love playing sports. huge lakers fan, love both watching and playing tennis, and i play badminton sometimes! ,
specialties  ios, user experience, api development, mobile development, git , i'm currently a mobile app developer (iphone, ipad, android) with plenty of experience building things for the web.  my most notable recent apps are the rackspace cloud iphone and ipad apps.  i'm also active in the bay area cloud computing community and extremely active on twitter as  greenisus.  specialties  objective-c/cocoa touch iphone sdk development, ruby on rails, java, j2ee, jsp/servlets, ajax, struts, c/c++, uml, xml, html/javascript, css, agile development, rational design process, sql in oracle, mysql and ms sql server, unix
strongloop  mobile developer / developer evangelist   - appcelerator  lead sales/solutions engineer - direct enterprise/ oem / isv / partner   professional services engineer appcelerator titanium platform  - blockdot  director dev - mobile/web apps and games - aa, post, leo burnett, nbc universal  mobile & web (iphone, android, flash, c# xna   ( obj-c, c++, c#, java, as3/flash ) )  - american airlines app - iphone/android ( obj-c, java )  - simply organic recipe app - iphone ( obj-c )  - land of the lost - iphone (nbc universal studios ) ( obj-c, c++ )  - chicktionary, chicktionary lite, chicktionary halloween  - the adventures of khaki pants pete! - flash, android, iphone ( obj-c, c++
i've been working as a senior ios developer for over 8 years and have been responsible for creating, developing and maintaining applications used by millions of people. i have also worked as a scrum master, project leader and provided mentoring for junior engineers.  having worked with objective-c and swift and having migrated apps from one to the other helped me strengthen my ios development skills and core mobile architecture knowledge. and it also gave me the chance to work with tools like fastlane, circle ci, jenkins and others.  i'm also very inclined to make our development lives easier by creating scripts that automate routine tasks. in the past i created scripts that would setup a new app from scratch by creating the app in apple development portal and itunes connect, generated all the required provisioning profiles and setup push notifications in aws, and generate app builds per environment, triggering ci jobs and automatically uploading the builds to itunes connect notifying all the testers.  i have published several personal and work apps to the app store and know very well how the process works and the pain points behind it.  i love to contribute to open source projects and have been active on stack-overflow for a while now.  i've also been a scrum master/project leader for over 5 years helping lead over 60 people for international projects for large multinational companies like johnson & johnson, monsanto, coca cola, henry schein, divx, rdi, mcdonalds, etc.  extensive experience with team management, project prospecting, client relationship, backlog creation
i am a mobile app software engineer and i love building apps for your phone. i am well versed  in objective-c, swift and ios. 
i am a proud ios mobile development graduate of pursuit's 3rd ios cohort.   i now build iphone apps. i used to manage small biz earned and paid campaigns. , the wing 
ios engineer with 7 years of experience in mobile application development  i   m an ios developer and content creator on youtube, the host of the ios building blocks podcast, and the creator the slef brand.   i   m dependable, honest, have a strong attention to detail, and i   m passionate about my profession developing ios (apple) mobile apps. creating something     out of nothing     is absolutely amazing and so much fun! i have an eye for quality ui/ux, and love bringing it to life on the screen of apple devices.
i am an ios developer and i absolutely enjoy learning new ways to build cool and interesting stuff! i have experience with designing user interfaces, implementing apis and external frameworks/libraries such as cocoapods to build ios applications.   before discovering the wonderful world of tech, i was pursuing a career in accounting. as an accounting professional i helped clients ensure that their financial records were accurate by performing tests and communicating with them on any inconsistencies.   as a student at st. john's university, i had the opportunity to work with clients like be the best sport and ladies of charity of the united states of america to provide marketing strategies that increased engagement in those organizations. i was also a part of the  enterprise development, program impact audits and budgeting team at st. john's global microloan program, creating tools to measure the impact of the program's loans on borrowers.   transitioning into to tech has taught me to be an open-minded, motivated and a determined learner.  )  skills/specialties  objective-c, swift, ios sdk, restful apis, json, github, git, ux/ui, auto layout, object oriented programming (oop), functional reactive programming(frp), core data 
to develop innovating and user friendly application in the guidance of hci of any ubiquitous devices.  i am ambitious, creative, and very curious. my objectives are to learn more about my craft, build effective solutions, and make a change. love iot, open source, hardware, restful services, crypto, and public transit.
i have a strong passion for developing native ios applications and have successfully launched many applications to the apple app store.  i have various skills in many verticals of application development coming from a consulting company background.  i am self-motivated and love to jump into new projects that can utilize my skill and expertise. i follow best practices in the industry and believe in code literacy and can adapt quickly to technologies in the ios space.  skills in ios   mvc rest client service layers service layers core data custom uiappearance objects autolayout adhere to new york times ios style guidelines. git 
seasoned it professional with 10 years of experience spanning 50+ ios projects. keen technical abilities ranging from code writing and debugging to testing and seamless module integration.  some of my skills include   swift & objective-c - i have a strong knowledge on both languages.  social - i have worked on several applications that make use of social integration features like, chat, boards, messaging (similar to email but, in-app), etc...   geolocation - i have done many projects that use geolocation for locating the location of the device and displaying the location on a map.  restful api - most of the apps i have written have had some form of restful api to communicate with, using json and bjson.  animations - animations using core animation to more complex animations using  after effects  and lottie.  maps - i have used apple mapkit, google maps sdk, and mapbox for mapping features.  transitions - i have developed custom transitions between view controllers.  git - i have strong knowledge of git source code repository.  xmpp - i have developed a few apps that use xmpp protocol for a chat feature.  deep linking - provides the application owner to create  web  links that navigate the customer from the web to somewhere inside an application. 
uc berkeley graduate (class of fall 19) major  computer science & minor  education.  as a huge activist of feminism, education, and equality, i am eager to contribute my skills to build products that can increase accessibility to education. i would love to work in an industry related to socio-technology and/or edtech.
professional software engineer with a master   s degree in computer science and nine years of experience in software development implementing various technologies. exceptional problem solver with the versatility to meet changing business demands and anticipate possible issues. ability to create positive customer and coworker interactions with excellent communication skills. , bomjkolyadun aura 
born and raised in hawaii, i now currently reside in provo, ut.  over the past two years, my desire to learn and code has only grown exponentially nigh to obsession.  i have found that besides focusing on great code and user experience, my true passion for development is creating technology that allows people to leverage technology to enrich and make a positive difference in their lives.
specialist ios engineer with strong experience in both international and domestic teams. have been an integral part of engineering teams through agile transformations as well as complete rebrands and refactoring projects.  i believe that modularization and automation are key components to a successful engineering team. thus, i have a strong desire to enable team members to write clean and concise code that can be easily tested. enterprise application teams require a standard that can only be met through these two key components.  i am thoroughly invested in learning and using the latest and greatest technologies available for all platforms, for apple and backend services.  apple ecosystem specifics  swift, objective-c, ios, tvos, watchkit, cocoapod frameworks, alamofire (nsurlsession wrapper), storekit, coredata, avplayer, mapkit, bitrise ci/cd.  general technical capabilities  microservices, node.js, mongodb, kubernetes
i solve problems, increase efficiency, and think like the user.  ever since i was young, i've had a knack for coming up with effective solutions to problems that are tough to solve. when i was young i hated feeding my dog. i had to scoop his food out of a bucket with a little cup 3 times a day and it left my hands smelling terrible. i grew tired of the current process and decided to make a change. i invented and built a automatic dog feeder for an invention convention and placed first. in college, i created a website that made the class enrollment system more efficient and easier for the students at my university.   i find inefficiencies like this all the time and fix them. it's who i am. , sacksonsacks 
i'm a self-taught coder in love with code aesthetics and clean, modular architecture. i started in java and within a few weeks, dived into 2gb of java ee source-code for liferay, where i was first exposed to full-stack engineering and was mentored to scrutinize my own code and code meticulously.  after spending one month to teach myself objective-c, the ios framework, and releasing an app, i became an ios developer. during this time, i also taught myself many web languages and technologies, and eventually fell in love with angularjs, nodejs, and meteorjs. spending most of my free time watching tech talks and always curious to learn more, i keep up with software development technologies and try to employ them in my work.  as i follow swift evolution and the continual improvement of the language, i'm a big fan of swift for compiled code and try to write new components and modules in swift, having done so for both mophie and apple carekit & researchkit apps including epiwatch, molemapper, mpower, texas medical center postsurgical care app
i'm a greater believer in luck, and i find the harder i work the more i have of it.  2)    now that it's all over, what did you really do yesterday that's worth mentioning     3)  the early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese. 
hands on, passionate leader with an expertise in mobile engineering. directly responsible for 10 engineers, including career growth planning, weekly 1 1s and resource allocation. indirectly responsible for 20 additional engineers, including planning product work and making sure technical debt is addressed. especially successful at growing startups from the ground up. 10+ years professional experience across several different projects, from swift to node.js. huge focus on testing and creating automation tools to improve developer efficiency. constantly in the trenches with the team and uses data to drive business decisions. hobbies include boating, working on home renovation projects and chasing around his toddler. 
leadership, creativity, and mobile product development  i strive for experiences that will further develop these skills.   i love thinking outside of the box, brainstorming radical ideas, creating products, and working with curious people. i can hustle, attempt to make people laugh, and stay positive under pressure. i also support all women in technology and entrepreneurship. if you are ready to take a risk and pursue your passion, i would love to hear your story.   this is often talked about when it comes to women and programming... hey women, programming is fun! seriously,
software engineer with +13 years of experience creating software professionally and +17 years writing code.   specialized in mobile development, particularly ios. creating apps while working remotely since 2009. several apps published to the app store and play store.  i have experience in leading teams and mentoring other developers. i love learning from my peers and teaching when i can. i am constantly pushing towards building high quality and maintainable products.  languages  swift, objective-c, c#. education  2 computer science degrees.  open to remote positions only.
started my career with ios in 2014 and passionately working on the same technology since then. i know, there are lot many things to learn in ios and lot more to come. i started learning swift and grab the command over language to stay updated.  experience summary      over 2.7+ years of experience in development of mobile applications (ios).     i have expertise on variety of technology that an apple device supports. i take care of application from start to final app store release. developed 15+ ios application during entire carrier.  my knowledge graph      strong knowledge of objective-c, swift and most cocoa frameworks     familiar with ios design patterns and coding conventions     apple   s human interface guidelines and app store     experience working with 3rd party libraries     payment gateways (paypal integration and others)     web services(restful, soap) integration with response type json, xml      local notification, push notification with in depth knowledge     dropbox,icloud,google drive integration     in app purchase integration.     core location and geo fencing implementation.     camera api, audio api,      qr code, bar code scanning.     worked with core animations, gestures (pan, pinch, tap, rotate)     persistance storage  sqlite, coredata, plist     social network integration (facebook,twitter 
i   m the creator of we read too, mobile app directory of children   s and young adult books with main characters of color written by authors of color. as a developer i hope to contribute to and create software that is positively impacting peoples    lives.
experienced mobile developer with over 15 ios apps to her credit.   i'm an ios developer who loves creating beautiful and interactive experiences that are communicative and helpful. i   m compelled by the possibilities that open up at the intersection between technology and art, and i love working with skilled teams to create slick products! 
i strive to be better at what i do and what i do now is code in swift.  getting a job would be nice too.  experienced ios and android developer with a demonstrated history of working in the iot and gaming industry. skilled in live video and audio streaming, user experience, user interface designs, restful apis, bluetooth low energy communication, location, performance, and analytics tracking. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree in applied mathematics from university of california, berkeley. ,
a dedicated and passionate ios developer who has developed and deployed multiple apps into appstore to compete with the current technology and market. 
hello! my name is haskel ash. i   m a software developer in los angeles.  i am an expert in modularization, i use test driven development, and i hold myself to code coverage standards. though my expertise is in ios development (5 years), i have experience in a wide array of technologies and have worked on frontend and backend, mobile and web projects. while working in familiar territory is enjoyable, i like to challenge myself and learn new technologies with each project. whether it's achieving local persistence, implementing beautiful animations, working with audio/visual input streams, or finding clever ways to make creative user interfaces, i thrive in situations that allow me to explore new waters. when i'm not creating software, i   m playing board games or video games, hosting friends for shabbat dinner (it   s a jewish thing), getting involved in my local community, or learning math. 
software engineer with strong experience in application development using various technologies and platforms. currently working in ios mobile app development.  5 years of experience in mobile application development in ios using objective c, swift. strong multithreading and core data experience. also have good experience creating custom ui.  extensive enterprise application development experience (9+ years) in java, .net (c#) technology stack.  worked in all phases of application development lifecycle including requirement analysis, design & architecture, implementation & testing, following agile development methodology
currently developing a swift ios app for a fantasy sports company.  lead ios developer with 4 years experience developing apps for iphone and ipad.  multi-year experience developing secure mobile apps for the finance industry in an agile development environment. , akyra 
live as if you were to die tomorrow. learn as if you were to live highly-motivated senior ios engineer. well-versed in various object-oriented programming languages and development methodologies.  main technologies  swift, objective-c, ios frameworks, tvos, watchos, agile, git ,
i am interested in using computers and technology to solve real world problems and improve the way people use and interact with software.  specialties  software engineering, reverse engineering, and everything in-between, also poking things with a stick. , michaellink7 
i've been writing ios applications since 2011, with expertise in software architecture design and implementation.
i'm an ios developer always looking for the next challenge. i love trying new things and not sitting still for long periods of time. i have multiple apps on the app store.
mobile technologist with demonstrated ability to develop products for both consumer and industry clients. resourceful software architect whose work has earned two patents. proven technical leader capable of shepherding an idea from inception and product development through to delivery. software engineering manager experienced in building and supervising successful international cross-site teams. clear communicator able to inspire diverse group of team members into performing cohesively and above expectations.  specialties  mobile applications, health and wellness. 
mobile app developer, who has a good experience in developing native ios applications using swift, objective c for iphone, ipad and tvos and has a very good knowledge in frameworks like cocoa touch, xcuitest, interface builder, xcode. expertise in automating native ios and tvos applications using swift and objective with xcuitest framework. having knowledge in developing automated scripts for android using espresso. expertise in developing an entire project from scratch. 
theres a lot more to my experience not reflected here.  resume available upon request  - do ask **  background   - over 40 apps in the store ios developer and a well rounded seasoned professional.  hands on technical lead   in the development and implementation multiple mobile applications.  proven experience working in a collaborative multitask environment. over 6+ year of  ios development from large to small organizations, including startups.   *** ios development - objective c/swift 3/4 *** back end architecture *** *** full stack web technologies *** *** blockchain - wallet/non-fungible tokens(nft) ***  storyboards, acr, uikit, xml and json,core data, core location, avfoundation, map kit, web services, xml, json, git, svn, blocks, grand central dispatch and instruments features such as memory allocation monitoring and much more...  previous work history   blockchain, healthtech,  pharmaceutical
currently a sophomore studying computer science at the university of southern california. an experienced mobile developer with 3+ years of experience developing advanced ios applications. extensive knowledge in database design, algorithms, and data structures
i'm a self-taught developer looking for the next cool project.  i've been working on ios for roughly 10 years on an assortment personal and contract positions.  most recently, i was the lead ios developer for forsta, inc.  i'm happy to work in swift or objective c, but not opposed to working outside of the native ios world as required to get things done.  currently, i'm learning react native.  recruiters   please do not contact me about positions which require relocation outside of the treasure valley, idaho area.  i will consider temporary relocation transitioning to remote. 
hello, my name is shawn. i am a native ios developer with highly experienced and skilled in ios development. the project i   ve worked with is following sdlc processes and agile environment. i worked with many third party libraries such as alamofire, crashlytics, twmessagebar, iqkeyboardmanagerswift, lgsidemenucontroller and used software such as sketch to design ui screens, icons, uinavigationbar and uibuttons.  i have worked with both swift and objective-c and been good at using cocoa touch frameworks such as the core data framework and core location. i   ve worked with many api   s including google maps and dark sky, and some other restful apis. i   ve worked on five apps which in different categories like lifestyle, travel, shopping, social networking which are available on appstore. that   s all about me. 
solid 6+ years of hands-on experience in developing native android apps with thorough knowledge of using android studio and kotlin with android development toolkit      6+ years    experience in java, standard industry design patterns, and object-oriented programming      strong android development experience with an appreciation of design, testing and backend web services      experience in writing custom ui components and libraries      experience with room, live data or reactive extensions, dependency injection frameworks like dagger      experience of using restful web services, and third partyapi integration   s      experience in tdd and bdd testing suites for android       experience in conceptualising, implementing, and publishing apps       ability to multi-task, work independently or as part of a team, and flexible in terms of work location      working experience using agile methodologies       offshore/remote team collaboration and management experience ,
as an ios developer, i have worked as a freelancer and published my own ios app on the app store. many of my projects are available on github. i also have taken the opportunity to write code and get involved with software development during my 25 years as a technical writer. 
no sponsorship required, overall seven years of ios development experience in developing iphone and ipad apps using objective-c,  c++, swift and cocoa touch testing, maintaining and publishing ios apps  internally and on app store.      experienced in delivering high-end web/mobile applications on time under tight  deadlines.      sound knowledge and good working experience on newly launched xcode 11.2 and  some experience on swift4.x, swift3.x, swift 2.x.      built rich user interface applications supporting various devices using xibs,  storyboard with auto layout, size classes, stack view, animation techniques.      worked in arc and non-arc environments.      complete understanding of iphone/ipad/ipod architecture and various versions  of iphone software development kit (sdk) that includes xcode, uikit, mapkit,  webkit, instruments, iphone simulator and third party frameworks.      thorough understanding of cocoa design patterns, mvc architecture and other  concepts like delegation, protocols
i am passionate about leveraging my programming skills to create amazing apps that impact a lot of people. currently based in nyc, i am an ios engineer at spotify.   specialties  making ios apps. cooking ethiopian food. 
strong interest in mobile application and framework development.  focus on product lifecycle from design to deployment and maintenance.  keen interest in continued learning and excel at test/behavior-driven development to promote software stability. 
i am a ios developer looking for my first team to help build apps. ive learned ios development from both an ios bootcamp and from a software engineer in the industry. i have been in retail for over 5+ years mainly as a store manager and now i'm ready to make a different contribution as a software developer. as an ios developer a great achievement of mine so far is completing two apps and launching them both on the app store, currently working on a new digital board game in spritekit while i look for role in ios.
ios developer with more than 5 years of experience in designing, testing and implementing infrastructure and applications. working with small start up to big companies i build more than 6 apps. in development phase my main focus is on product not just the code. i implemented ios best design and development practices. always up to date with the latest tech in the industry, i love new and exciting challenge where we can build next big things together. 
ios developer with more than 100 apps published on the app store since 2012. tdd, swift, objective-c, xcode, photoshop, scm... ,
i've been developing applications on ios devices for over 4 years in objective-c and more recently in swift. i currently work at mindbody on the consumer ios app.  previously i worked at engage financial technology on a suite of components and applications that help people manage their day to day finances based on a variety of mastercard issued pre-paid cards.  before that, i worked at fieldlogix where i worked on the fieldlogix app and goose (fieldlogix's dispatch service) for iphone and ipad. i also developed a number of features for  the fieldlogix android app.  i have over a year of android development experience. 
developer of highly usable iphone & ipad applications.  specialties  ios and mac os x programming  objective-c, swift, uikit, cocoa, xcode, autolayout, storyboards, performance tools. ,
ios developer based in bed-stuy, brooklyn building the new fox sports app ,i'm a product-focused native ios developer with 6 years of independent and professional experience building and shipping production quality ios apps. i'm proficient in both swift and objective-c and have a strong understanding of object-oriented programming principles. i'm detail-oriented and love building clean, beautiful user experiences. 
software engineer, project lead and manager for ios and os x app development.  10 years in cocoa/objective-c/swift development, primarily in ios but including os x. development of iphone/ipad and universal applications for client and enterprise use. includes web service consumption (restful services, cookie based authentication and sessions), audio and video (avaudioplayer, openal, mpmoviecontroller, avfoundation), data storage and retrieval (coredata, sqlite3, nsxmlparser, libxml2, json), accelerometer control (coremotion), custom text layout (coretext), pdf (loading, display, drawing and saving)
experienced ios developer with exclusive experience in designing, developing, deploying, maintaining and consulting for ios mobile applications with swift, objective-c, xcode, and cocoa touch framework on native ios. 
software developer focused on the ios platform, with broad experience with big data, unix, scripting, web, and mobile applications.  i'm always interested in having a big positive impact, and have been fortunate to have had the opportunity several times along the way.  selected success stories   * wrote flagship app for startup with 17 million users. architect and lead developer of three major versions (two apps, then folded into a single flagship app) taking each of them from concept to shipment, garnering thousands of five-star reviews.  * conceived, architected, and wrote secret ada, an ios cryptogram puzzle app that was featured on good morning america.  * wrote the early demo of motorola chinese predictive keypad text input that sold the concept to management. traveled to china to hand off to local engineers, enabling the project to go from inception to products in stores in four months, leading to a six-month lead in the chinese market and extremely significant revenues. co-author of related patent.  * conceived and implemented automated data collection system for rapidly building product-quality lexicons for virtually any language using only web data. this enabled nimble execution as company entered new markets.  * designed and wrote automated system using autonomous agents (in c and perl) to manage document cleanup and ocr workflow for a large scale digital library, providing complete error recovery in an environment with frequent power outages.  have seen several products through the entire life cycle. i enjoy the behind-the-scenes data and plumbing work, but also have ui sensibilities, lots of experience working with ux people
i am an experienced ios developer and app designer. i have built apps with multiple functionalities, including bluetooth, gps integration, core data, in-app purchases, social network integration, and avfoundation. i also independently created an app called all the sweets, which is currently published in the google play and amazon app stores with over 500 downloads.  core disciplines       ios development     swift     objective-c     apple watch     xcode     gamemaker  studio     sublime     adobe creative suite     sketch 3     c/c++     ruby on rails     gml ,
i strive to create mobile apps that feature clean and responsive ui. besides writing succinct, resusable code behind the scenes, i place a priority on providing an elegant and enjoyable user experience.  i work with  swift, objective-c, and git.  using  xcode, iterm, and sketch. ,
swift, objective c, cocoa touch, xcode, ios, sql, pl/sql, oracle forms/ reports, toad,  business objects, data integrator, web intelligence,  crystal report, sqr, oracle 10g  specialties  iphone / ipad developer ,
have developed 10+ ios apps released in apple store, familiar with whole mobile development life cycle and distribute apps to app store.  build 6 enterprise scale ios apps for companies, cooperate with multiple teams includes frontend, backend, ui&ux, marketing, analytics, product teams.  team player, and passion to learn and develop new things. 
senior ios developer  great combination of enterprise-level development experience mixed with graphic design skills and a passion for making software as simple and functional as possible. expert with ios swift, objective-c, c#.net, web technologies and the unity 3d game engine. over 15 years of software development experience. , apphands ,
outgoing and friendly ios developer with skills in swift, obj-c, xcode, core data, cloudkit and more. actively seeking employment. very excited for all the new opportunities that await me! born and raised in las vegas, nv and has a strong history in hospitality and communication. would love to hear from you about open positions at your company! ,
i'm a creative, self-driven ios developer with a passion for mobile technology and its ability to change the world.  get in touch! i'm always interested in meeting new people and hearing about exciting opportunities
i love to continually learn and grow both professionally and in my personal life. i've chosen ios development because of the never-ending learning opportunities and because i love apple products. outside of work i love spending time with my family, watching movies, playing bass, listening to music, and have a love affair with coffee.
motivated, fast learning ios dev with some of the funniest jokes you'll hear. did i mention i also knit and drum in a garage rock band  sometimes even at the same time. 
a lifelong mac user and developer, i have been writing apps for mac os x and ios since 2006. when the iphone os sdk was released in 2008, i began working full-time on iphone development, and have been working as a freelance ios developer ever since. much of my contract work has been for advertising agencies and creative firms  i enjoy the fast-paced environment, and the opportunity to work with a broad range of technologies and frameworks. i enjoy both working on short-term projects to help finalize delivery or build out a prototype, and working on long-term projects where i am able to take a design from concept to a polished final product.  i   m passionate about developing elegant apps that improve day to day life for their users. i believe the best design is both electrifying and unobtrusive. i strive to create apps that inspire people to share their experience with those around them. 
ios mobile developer with 9+ years experience working with swift, objective-c, cocoa touch, uikit, xcode, etc... on a daily basis, - experience with advanced ios technologies including core data, core location, mapkit, grand central dispatch, and auto layout, - strong self-learner with a desire to stay highly informed on best practices and latest developments to apple   s ios platform, - proven success in providing professional software engineering services to a variety of clients, - experience working in startups and a fortune 50 media company developing mobile applications that impact hundreds of thousands of people, - 14 amazing native ios apps and 3 android apps built so far, - latest app webby award winner and featured in the app store, , asher_coelho 
mobile and web application developer, with a focus on native ios and both backend and client-side web programming. i love challenges and i'm always looking for opportunities to do awesome things.
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the retail industry. skilled in databases, mobile applications, mobile device management(mdm), scrum, ios, and devops. strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in computer science /business from saint xavier university 
enthusiastic ios engineer with a master's in cs and years of design experience. not currently looking for new opportunities.
over 10+ as an experienced professional technologist.     over 6+ years working as ios software developer. experience includes the whole development cycle of a software project  software engineering, bug tracking, product design, release planning, customer support, version control, itunes connect submission lifecycle and marketing. ability to solve problems and think as a user and identify ux issues.      strong experience in objective c (6 years) and swift (2 years) with several apps published in the app store using xcode and interface builder working with uikit, ios hig, core data, networking, localization, accessibility, ui storyboarding, xib   s, autolayout for iphone and ipad interfaces, cocoapods, fabric.io (crashlytics) for performance and crash reports
executed innovative enhancements to otg   s restaurant ios applications to over 13,000 production ipad devices in leading airport terminals nationwide.     over eight years of solid experience in iphone/ipad apps development using model-view-controller (mvc), objective c and swift, with jira.     strong knowledge of core data, mysql, json and sdlc.     experience in android app development with android studio.     nine years of java and internet development experience with object-oriented concepts in ubs and start-ups.      over three years of project lead experience at ubs.  implement full life cycle for project development. 
when you truly believe in something, go all in and don't hold back, one step backward will bring you regret for life. 
senior ios developer with over 35 years of software development experience on multiple platforms and programming languages. currently focusing on ios development in swift. , stevebarden walt disney company (dtci) (formerly 21st century fox) 
ios developer at click here labs (the richards group) designing and maintaining mobile apps both for external accounts and internal use.  i work to make our products more maintainable and efficient while exploring other platforms and technologies. ,
pragmatic software engineer and a life-long learner who loves working on meaningful products. he loves ios development and swift is his favorite language. mari loves working with humble and passionate people on an exciting product space where he can have a big impact. , cal_a_mar1 facebook 
specialization experience in development and implementation of various native ios applications using objective-c, cocoa touch, uikit.     experience with unit testing.     experience with continuous integration & delivery tools (jenkins, teamcity, or gitlab).     test driven development (tdd), jenkins, network layer like volley, retrofit.     expertise in object oriented programming language objective-c and swift.     strong knowledge about core frameworks like core data, core graphics, core animation, uikit.     designed and developed applications as per specifications. this included core development using various ios frameworks and test driven development using xctest framework and cucumber.     experience to various stages of software development life cycle. capable of analyzing the business requirements, software requirement specifications, functional design documents to write technical design documents and unit test plans.      knowledge using good container (mobile device management, mobile application management, mobile content management).     experience with source control tools svn and git.     experienced in implementing ui/ux with storyboards, xibs and using ns constraints     used third-party apis - sdwebimage, afnetworking, jsonmodel
organized and taught 30+ computer/tablet related workshops to both usu faculty and students to showcase apple products and their potential in education     ios course instructor to over 130 senior citizens for the utah state summer citizen program     taught an 8 week class on mobile computing     contracted with the usu stars gear up program to help train various utah k-12 institutions on how to incorporate ipads into teaching methods     presented educational ios apps to administration and faculty from 11 utah school districts     specialized in computers and computer peripheral sales 
my  why  is to inspire myself and others by helping us feel and understand our greatness and value, so that we love ourselves, love learning from our lives, and love inspiring each other by sharing what we're learning.  i love creating things that assist people by providing helpful, easy to use, and solid ios mobile applications which enhance our daily lives. ,
i have over 3+ years of experience working in ios app development and java development. currently, i work as an ios developer at housecall pro, developing and enhancing mobile applications using xcode, cocoapods etc.  previously, i worked as an ios developer at capital group companies inc, and ulta beauty inc, where i developed and enhanced enterprise mobile applications, which helped in decreasing the manual effort in the warehouse management and stores management.   i also developed various freelance ios mobiles apps and published in the app store.   competencies  ios app development, swift/objective-c/java ,
seeking challenging assignments in it industry with a growth oriented and fast track organization, utilizing acquired skills to contribute towards the development and growth of the company and to obtain iso developer position in your organization.     over 7 years of development experience in information technology, with a progressive and robust experience in object-oriented technologies, experience in the full-life cycle of the software development process.     skilled in engineering mac os x, iphone and ipad applications using iphone-sdk and objective-c.       create applications and frameworks for the ios platform using xcode.     developed native based iphone applications using objective c and swift, xcode, iphone sdk and cocoa touch framework.     perfect understanding of   arc and non-arc in ios development for memory management.     experience in designing & developing user interface applications, integrating with various databases and client-server applications in iphone/ipad application development using objective-c, c++, swift, cocoa touch, uikit, (ooa&ood) .sql, cocoa bindings, core animation custom controls and object oriented programming.     extensively worked with story board, map kit, core data, multithreading
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the telematics, automobile, finance, health, technology and insurance industries. skilled in mobile application development in an agile work environment, focusing on rest and soap web services in a client-server based architecture, with mvc, mvp, mvvm design patterns.   experienced working in various company sizes like large scale, medium scale, small scale, multicultural, and even startup sized organizations, with a team player attitude and with the experience of leading small teams of developers, performing collaborative pair programming, code reviews and conducting architecture and development meetings for new features and application development.  currently not looking for opportunities. 
passionate and driven ios developer with over 5 years professional experience as technology manager working with non-profits, and 2 years developing ios/swift. i am proficient in swift 5 / cocoa touch / uikit, and have a broad skillset and experience that includes experience working with popular 3rd party apis/sdks, bitcoinsv/blockchain and app store connect/ testflight. 
views are my own.  hello there!   i   m an senior ios developer at quicken loans in detroit, with over 7 years of experience in the industry. building native ios applications became my passion very early on, and i still truly enjoy everything about it. swift has really opened the doors to new developers in the ios space, and it   s been great to have fresh perspectives come aboard. my daily tasks with expedia include building out features, monitoring crash logs, working closely with product and design teams, mentoring teammates, and providing valuable feedback on pull requests.  aside from being a developer, i   m also passionate about contributing to the developer community. in 2017 i began a meetup group called ladev. it   s since evolved, but i   ve learned so many valuable lessons leading and organizing it, it   s been such a rewarding experience. additionally, i blog at dev.to and kimarnett.com and lead workshops and conference sessions in the great lakes region.  for my next position, i   m looking for either a senior ios development role, or a ios lead type role where i can make a difference towards an inclusive environment, clean code, and shipping amazing features. with experience in big and small companies, i   m ready for it all.  thanks! kim ,
i have over 10 years of industry experience building ios products that have leveraged location, social, financial, voice, and document data. i manage and deliver my engineering work from beginning to end with a team mentality, and i have a propensity to ship what i build. i   m a passionate advocate of cross-team collaboration and mentoring, and i have a reputation for being very pleasant to work with - even in high stress environments.   specialties  - objective-c and swift, xcode - comfortable working across all layers of ios applications (network, model, persistence, ui) so code is unit testable - core data, core location, sirikit, uikit, cocoa touch, foundation - daily work with tools like jira and github - creative thinking/problem solving - i love thinking big about how technology can be used to help people - visionary & creative thinker about product features and ux 
specialties  ai&r, nlp, machine learning, leadership, ios, motivation, mobile, mvc, sql, agile, microsoft bot framework, c#, microsoft azure, swift, objective-c ,
i started developing apps in 2009, six months after apple launched the app store. it was exciting to be able to think of a game or concept, develop it, and distribute it to potentially millions of people around the world, which is still something i enjoy doing. feel free to contact me with career opportunities, business ventures, or other professional endeavors. ,
senior level ios developer with extensive understanding of client architecture, experience in developing several top notch pixel-perfect apps, with strong product and design skills, enthusiastically combining newest trends and technologies of the mobile world.  experience in building mass-market applications from scratch, integrating numerous common libraries and analytics tools. complete understanding of creating and submitting an ios app to the appstore. (certificates/ provisioning/ itunes connect) designing server apis to integrate mobile/client applications, with great understanding of server-side programming.  leading a team of developers, creating working schedules, code-reviewing while instilling others best-practices and coding standards.  great team player with excellent communication skills.  specialties  ios applications, objective c, swift, cocoa, c\c++, iphone/ipad, xcode, ux, product management, project management, oop
i build beautiful and stable ios apps. i save people tons of money by getting it right from the first time and not having to re-write bad code later.  what i do  - actual hands-on development  - frameworks and 3rd party solutions evaluations - code reviews, interviews, ios hiring strategy - team management and covering  what if ios team gets hit by a bus  scenario - being a founder myself i work quite a lot with startups and know how to translate an idea to a product with a plan and no stress in the process -  work closely with api / backend / design / android / product teams - i'm pretty sociable and a lot of times i help out with getting everyone on the same page  - i'm a certified scrum master and i help companies get their processes and pm tools setup - ios or in the whole company  app store samples 
i'm an indie ios developer that is open for contract only. i don't do full time, so if that's what you're looking for, i'm not the candidate. c2c. - i work with direct clients only. so if you're a recruiter - don't waste your in-mails. i appreciate the effort but i usually don't reply. - since i have a luxury to pick my projects, i do ios latest version apps only and prefer projects with either good code base, or from scratch, or at least with people open to make the codebase good instead of spending more time on bug fixes that would be not necessary with good code - remote projects get the preference every time - i don   t meet for 15 min consultations. 2 hour min. my normal project duration is at least 3 months.  specialties  ios, swift, objective-c, mobile, iphone, ipad, ux, scrum, product management, project management , katerynasytnyk 
professional software developer biased towards mobile technology, but eager to learn about and adopt other technologies. based in austin, texas, but on the road a lot. 
a positively energetic, smart, highly passionate, internationally experienced client relationship professional, a fast learner who possesses first-rate planning, negotiation and relationship building abilities, coupled with excellent technical knowledge.   a proactive and creative leader and team player that has the ability to work within a team to successfully deliver kpis. an action and solution orientated technical professional who has extensive people and account management skills, with an ability to build solid relationships, trust, and mutual respect at all professional levels.  career objective  i am seeking a career change into software engineering whereby i will be able to draw upon my technical self taught knowledge and my computer science degree in interactive systems engineering.      leadership  a natural leader who enjoys leading scenarios to achieve set objectives.       teamwork  a trusted team player who can bring together multiple strengths of others to reach their potential.      technical  up to date with latest innovation technologies on devices, and platforms. consulted on fixing technical issues.      business analysis  able to naturally analyse businesses from a technical standpoint, and can confidently recommend technical products and services.     relationship management  enjoys building long lasting and mutually beneficial relationships that result in long-term business relations, customer loyalty, and referrals.      communication skills  a strong communicator who can attentively listen to the needs of clients and respond accordingly.      client service  recognises client services to be of the highest importance by providing and creating a unique client experience, and maintaining a positive environment by connecting people together an managing expectations. 
my objective  contribute to a core ios team working with the latest cutting-edge technologies. interested in exploring machine learning, computer vision, neural networks, and other similar technologies within ios products. work with experienced engineers to tackle larger and more difficult problems than before.  skills  ios engineering, android development, objective-c, swift, c, java, kotlin, xcode, json, restful web services, engineering, crypto-currency, bitcoin, mobile health and fitness applications, medical applications
i'm a developer and consultant based in austin, focused on improving processes and writing clean code. after 4 years of critical thinking and analytical experience from my time at boston university as a chemistry major, my pivot to computer science felt natural. i have 4 years of ios experience working in smaller teams in which i was able to make a significant impact.   when i'm not writing code, i enjoy challenging myself by self-teaching japanese and training for my first half marathon! 
head ios  and front end developer, with over a decade of experience working in multicultural teams and international organizations in the computer & software industry.   passionate about technology and life.  involved in projects and all the activities related to the business, scouting clients & markets, identification & project proposal, setting objectives, building project plans, estimations, schedules, resources, processes, risk and quality of deliverables management. ,
in progress of becoming one of the top ios engineers in socal.  i'm a serial tech entrepreneur focusing on a career in ios development. i'm passionate about launching new products, shipping new features, and solving problems that utilize my product development/management knowledge in combination with my programming and ui/ux skill-sets to solve product issues and increase user experience.  core qualifications  superior proficiency with xcode ide and iphone sdk profound experience with swift (3.0+) and objective-c strong record developing apps (on app store, for startups, and open source projects) for iphone and ipad excellent critical thinking and problem solving skills exceptional ability to work in a fast-paced high-pressure environment uncanny eye for designing ui/ux ios frameworks, cocoapods, third-party sdks, firebase, core data, cloudkit, mapkit, webkit knowledgeable with implementing and interacting with third-party web service apis, rest apis, json, xml firm background in object-oriented designing and programming skills (oop) ,
software developer with a strong passion and hands-on experience in mobile software development. renowned for being a strong team player, contributing to the success of organizational goals in ios development, alongside with an outgoing, enthusiastic and philanthropical character. very skilled at working with team members to achieve goals. excellent knowledge of various tools and technologies, including swift, objective-c, java, xcode ide, android studio ide,  github, core animation, cocoa touch, core data, google firebase, sql, etc. , kanjiz1 ,
detailed-oriented and result-oriented software engineer with 4+ years experiences developing ios applications from inception to deployment. i have guided many companies to launch their fully functioning ios solutions to the app store. i aim to build software with the users in mind, specifically, creating applications with usable and intuitive user interface experience. i am also disciplined to write highly readable and easily maintainable source codes. i am constantly striving to learn new technologies and looking for ways to better myself in this rapidly changing industry. 
i am an ios and mac developer passionate about writing clean, reusable code. ,
i'm a boston-based iphone developer and consultant with significant experience creating, maintaining and managing ios software across multiple spaces such as entertainment, financial services and social media.   i've contributed to apps for major media companies (warner bros., cbs, nbccomcast, etc.), lifelock and connect software corporation, as well as an sdk for rhythm newmedia (now rhythmone), utilizing objective-c and swift with the latest ios sdks.  on my spare time, i pursue my passions for activism & advocacy, within the lgbt community, and music.   no recruiters, pls. 
many years of industry experience including ios development, mobile and web qa background.     4 applications in appstore (ios / tvos) with total 15.7k units installed.     proficient with xcode ide, iphone sdk, apple approval & distribution process including tvos requirements.     knowledgeable with interface builder, auto layout and core technologies, including  ui elements, graphics, location, maps, media, animation, data, multitouch and gestures, motion, backgrounding, and universal apps.     knowledge of and work experience with financial/banking, mobile geo-location, and e-commerce applications.     experience working on agile/scrum and waterfall projects.     strong communication
i am a new graduate from cornell university with a bachelors degree in computer science and a concentration in electrical and computer engineering. my interests lie in mobile development, systems engineering, and software security. 
intermediate mobile developer with 15 years of overall technology experience spanning development, systems administration, consulting/support, management, and video.   currently i am the lead ios developer at snipsnap, where myself and the rest of the dev team have launched a major new chat based shopping assistant integrating slyce's image recognition service.  previously as a network administrator i worked at the philadelphia orchestra. i built a system to distribute their concerts live over internet2, the high speed research network linking higher education institutions and research facilities around the world. the technology i built there became the foundation of specticast where we moved from the research network to the commodity internet and added pre-recorded content.  before moving to philadelphia i was a network administrator and consultant in the new york metro area. clients spanned very diverse industries making for interesting solutions to a variety of different needs.
4+ years of work experience in ios development * 8+ years of work experience in software testing  * ios development with swift, objective-c * automated testing using ui testing(xcode 9) + swift, kif + objective-c, ruby, appium, calabash, selenium webdriver, rspec, cucumber * experience in setup and maintenance of continuous integration systems ,
i am fascinated by human behavior and technology increasingly occupies more and more of the human psyche. 
i'm an ios developer concerned about writing high quality code that scales. always on the lookout for ways to improve maintenance, refactorability, and testing in large code bases. 
full-stack hacker focused on mobile web and native application development.
majored in communications media with concentrations in interactive media, video production, and graphic design.  worked hard and graduated from a 4 year program in only 3 years.  pursued video production for a number of years, coding a bit on the side, and sold 3 online games, reaching 1 million+ unique players each.  started a youtube animation channel which has surpassed 535,000 subscribers.  in 2017 began independently studying ios development, learning swift and xcode in depth.  released my first app ( speck ) publicly to the app store, and was hired by savant systems as an ios engineer.  ultimately moved to the bay area, joining stubhub.  very hard working, excellent problem solving and communication skills, driven, passionate about development, and excited to move forward in this industry. 
while pursuing his undergrad in liberal arts, edward anchundia started making live websites with html/css and javascript. this was his introduction to the tech industry which eventually lead him to learn more languages such as ruby, python, sql and ultimately decided to learn swift and ios development at a google-funded school called coalition for queens. after completing the 10 month intensive course, edward contributed to a few open source projects and was invited to participate in the 2017 startupbus where he and a team created imgame, a social platform for table-top gamers. edward plans on opening up opportunities for other people starting up in tech industry, the same way opportunities were open for him. 
developer and creator who principally focuses on ios development, but who is experienced and interested in pursuing a variety of fields. i specialize in frontend and love building, testing, and deploying products, as well as investing my own unique vision into projects.  website 
5 years of software development experience with ios. - 1 year of software development experience with mac os x. - 15+ years of professional software development in c/c++ with windows. - experienced in ui(user interface) / ux(user experience), multimedia, network, web solution and h/w interface - extremely proficient at building architecture system and troubleshooting.
designed, architected, and developed three mobile apps for the app store with over 45,000 downloads. experienced programming in swift and objective-c using xcode. proficient in using git and working in an agile environment. 
i am a ios developer, with a focus on guiding and teaching others my skill set. i also am a soccer coach, with a passion for self-sustained development for my players. ,
3+ years experience with swift with an app in the app store. open for part time and contract positions.  nyc or remote only.  skills/frameworks    swift / java / oracle / arcgis & mapkit / html / css / 3d design  associates degree in software development centered in object oriented programming (java), markup languages (html, css, xml) and database design (oracle/sql). i have been making small applications and scripts for years and i have been making ios apps since 2017. always learning.  after 13 years working in engineering through europe and the us i have made task management and delivering a quality product on time my main priorities on all the projects i work on.  us permanent resident. 
i am a senior ios developer with six years of experience within media and banking industries. i have engineered and developed iphone and ipad apps for several high profile companies including sky, accenture, barclays and rbs. having worked on apps with premium content and sensitive information, i have experience in mobile security engineering using code obfuscation libraries and secure development techniques. i have worked with agile and waterfall methodologies. 
ios developer, passionate about pushing mobile technologies to the limits and building the next generation of the mobile applications.
a seasoned mobile application developer having experience more than 8+ years of ios development experience. proficient in oops concepts and design patterns. experienced in handling multi-threaded operations and very conscious about ui/ux design, appearance, responsiveness and performance.  my objective is to establish a career in the mobile applications industry utilizing my technical knowledge, creativity, coding and communication skills and be an asset to the firm. combine creative thinking with logical ideas to develop solutions to challenging problems. actively participate in the comprehension of the business needs and mechanics. communicate effectively with good verbal and written skills with clients, vendors and colleagues to execute projects. use my leadership and management skills to effectively lead a team if required to do so. ,
i   m an aspiring entrepreneur and ios developer with strong interest in building products that make a difference to everyday consumer.    after completing the ios development program at general assembly, i joined my fellow co-founders to build lovtap, a platform that facilitates micro-donations to non-profit organization.  my experience and training in accounting and finance allows me to understand complex financial transactions, and i was heavily involved in developing key strategies and implementation of the financial transactions aspect of the app.  this includes   - independently developed models and protocols for handling transactions within the app before in-house back-end solution has been completed - designed and built user interface on account balance and transactions.
experienced ios engineer with a passion for innovation and design and a goal to create aesthetically pleasing, habit forming applications for the target user, as well as highly readable and easily maintainable source code. 
i am passionate about new technology and software, i am hard working towards any goal i want to accomplish.   i see myself using my knowledge to create new and cutting edge applications to be used by the public. ,
when i grew up as a kid, i knew i would be a creator of some sort with the amount of tinkering i did  opening radios, fixing bikes, learning wood working, etc. that idea from when i was a kid became a reality when i first started programming later on in my life. i started my computer science degree not knowing what specific area i wanted to focus in, but that i knew this was my calling. that confusion changed when i took an ios development course in my university. i knew exactly what i wanted to do.   after discovering my passion for ios development, i just couldn't get enough. i now know that my passion is creating products of my own, but also working with product owners/designers to turn ideas into reality bringing quality products to consumers/users. i have had the opportunity to create an app for pieced, complete an ios development internship with glassdoor, released an app onto the app store, mentored multiple students in ios development, and there's no stopping now. 
5 years professional software developer and successful released multiple applications to the app store. experienced in uikit, coredata, core graphic, core animation, cocoa touch, objective-c and xcode. experienced with third-party libraries like cocoapods, afnetworking, magicalrecords, sdwebimage etc. demonstrated track record of providing significant contribution throughout the development lifecycle. proven ability gathering and analysis, technical specifications, coding, code quality, debugging, user interface design and implementation.excellent in communication, analytical and presentation skills.   technical skills  languages  objective-c , swift, c, c++
ios development | xcode | terminal | git | swift | objective-c | mvc | corefoundation | coreanimation | uikit | photos | coredata | cloudkit | firebase | google analytics | json | resful api's | nsurlsession | nsnotificationcenter | delegation | alamofire | grand central dispatch | interface builder | auto layout | cocoapods | qa testing | debugging | agile/scrum | project management  ui/ux design | sketch | research | prototyping | graphic design  video editing | final cut pro x | motion | compressor | graphics | sound design
hardworking and detail-oriented ios teacher, developer, and learner  passionate about solving complex problems with a likeminded people to create high-quality apps.
specialties  objective-c, c, c++, java, cocoa touch, and uikit. ios development and mobile user interface design. , timonus ,
mobile software developer with 5+ years experience as both lead developer and project manager for commercial logistics applications. enthusiastic self-starter with a passion for tackling real-world needs that require creative solutions. particularly interested in both cutting-edge ios technologies and designing smart, powerful data structures.
energetic software engineer capable of bringing results and creativity to the company. proficient in understanding specifications, documentation and hands-on experience in different types of software development and testing. experienced improving code performance and reducing development cost overall. enthusiastic individual, great team player in multi-cultural environments, meticulously meet deliverables within deadlines and always going for that extra mile. ,
5 years of experience working on ios applications at redfin and linkedin. ,mobile engineer and technical educator. i   ve built and shipped native apps for ios and android, hybrid apps with react native, and developed for the web (both client and server).  in my work for udacity, i've built and maintained apps and backend services, worked with subject matter experts to teach topics like mobile design patterns, data structures and algorithms, and core ios frameworks, as well as taught on camera and provided mentorship to udacity's global audience of aspiring software developers. ,
i am an ios developer who takes on projects with engineering problem solving and design thinking. throughout my education and career, i learned all aspects involved in building products, from the initial idea to the small details, while keeping the end-user in mind.   as an ios developer, my work not only creates products, but also directly affects the user   s experience. in addition, i am able to leverage the ever increasing capabilities of smartphones and build apps for users to interact with these new technologies. ,
i am a software engineer who is currently focused on ios mobile application development.  i am a bilingual ios developer living in new york city and am always learning new skills and technologies. more than anything, i enjoy developing products
i'm new to salesforce, and i have to say i am absolutely loving it. i just feel like i fit in, and i just love the salesforce culture. when they say #dreamjob, they mean it. i love my manager, love my teammates, and love the work.   one might say development, is development, which might be largely true. but in equal parts, one might value being valued, being a part of a world class organization, and feeling fulfilled. we get 7 days of volunteering days a year, and a culture of love and ohana. #dreamjob indeed. , snowbourne ,
software developer with a passion for clean, efficient code and pixel perfect designs. interested in learning new technologies, solving problems and discovering methods and tools to improve workflow. experienced with every stage of the product lifecycle, from design and iteration planning to deployment and maintenance. ,
i am an ios developer, software educator and ceramic artist. i currently work for ibm - the weather company on their ios platform squad.  i like to stay busy and i am passionate about technology, art, education and being in nature. , nidalfakhouri ,
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in mobile applications, ios, objective-c, swift, uikit, coredata etc. strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in mathematics and computer science at voronezh state university ,
i am a full stack engineer with experience building websites and mobile apps. i have over 2 years of work experience building ios native apps and web apps using gatsby.js and react.js.   i enjoy working close to the product and have a hand's-on user centric approach to building projects and collaborating with others to gain various perspectives to refine strategies. i believe that efficient communication can be effective in fast paced environments especially when working with cross functional teams.  i am also a first generation college student who can speak in english, hindi, telugu, java and swift. in my free time, i enjoy cooking and practicing yoga! ,
experienced ios lead developer with a long background in many technologies included java, c++ and javascript. i deliver quality results, solve difficult problems and anticipate future ones to minimize them. i prefer to work in environments where i can make a difference. my experience has been in many different business areas including travel, financial services, healthcare and even online gaming. my programming blog has nearly 400 posts going back to 2006 and has nearly 700,000 readers since the start of 2012. 
i love the opportunity to create rich and meaningful experiences with technology we use everyday. i have shipped multiple apps to the app store and i have maintained legacy codebases. i am currently diving into apple watch development which lead to the release of top spin,
i make ios apps.      , randstad technologies us ,software engineer with over 10 years of experience. love mobile application development and building the best user experience using simple techniques.
i'm a software developer currently specializing in native ios app development with swift and objective-c. i enjoy working on teams that value modern user interfaces, a modern engineering stack, and continuous education.    i possess experience working on large ios applications spanning multiple industries. i also have experience releasing my own applications to the app store.    skills   uikit, auto layout, cocoa touch, ios sdk, ui/ux design, tdd, unit testing, mvvm, mvc, viper  languages  swift, objective-c  tools  xcode, charles proxy, paw api tool, postman, cocoapods
experienced programmer in full stack development. produced clean user interfaces that led to improved sales for clients and usability for their customers. secured key accounts through the requirements process and implementation with clients. currently, seeking software engineering opportunities with an emphasis on ios development. 
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.         ralph waldo emerson , mailchimp 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. specialized in swift, objective-c, xcode, java, aws and javascript. talented engineering professional with a master   s degree focused in computer science from maharishi university of management. 
self-taught ios engineer with 5 years experience developing for apple platforms. proficient in both objective-c and swift. passionate about implementing beautiful user experiences.
i try to live what i love, do what i love.  i've been doing iphone development since 2007 and i can proudly tell that i'm pretty good at objective-c and swift. fully using (pop) protocol oriented programming patterns as well as oop, i try to create applications only that i will also use through my daily life.   nowadays ui/ux means more in mobile app development than coding itself. everyone can code these days but one has to have great taste in design to make an app perfect. i'm not a professional designer but i do know which design is good and which is bad. i can fetch that one little-tiny-small bit of thing that makes an app successful.  i also have experience in mobile marketing, which means i know how to make and sell great apps.  other than geeking around i love to sing, i love to take photographs, i love to lie down and do nothing. i've been in a choir for 5 years and conducted for a year. i did some semi-professional accapella as baritone for money  )  i founded humans of bundang which is a community that presents a photographic census of bundang(which is the largest and most populous district of seongnam, a major city in the seoul capital area, south korea) with own unique stories.  i can do everything from coding to photographing if its fun! 
i'm an east bay native, went to school in paradise, and now i live in sf. i spent a few years working as a graphic designer but made the switch to ios development in 2016. 
i like to do things that are not only fun to me, but also advance the world. an ios developer, open source software contributor, meetup organizer.  open source software projects i have contributed to  swift, quick, argo, restkit, realm, etc.  specialities  ios development, swift, objective-c, cocoa touch, xcode, cocoapods experience  c, c#, ruby, unity, continuous integration, jenkins
committed and proactive team player who enjoys solving new and unique problems with team members.     passionate about writing clean, clear code that follows established design patterns and is adaptable to rapidly changing requirements.      loves working on challenging projects that teach new skills, and works on skillset in free time through reading and experimentation.     experienced in software development at all stages  requirements gathering, design, architecture, implementation, release, and support. 
i have always been interested in using technology to improve education and society as a whole.  one of my products is response, an application for non-profits to improve their procurement process of supplies.   i have also targeted the education sector with companion, a mobile application for make school students to track performance metrics using indoor beacon technology.  languages  swift, python, golang, ruby, javascript(es6), html5/css3  tools  node.js, docker, react, ruby on rails, flask, mongodb, postgresql, xcode, git, github, heroku
i am passionate about making wherever i am a better place. improving others' lives motivates me the most. i have a love for computer science and solving complex problems. my philosophy is hard work beats  natural talent . , professorpaul7 neighbor 
i am a self-learned, peer-taught ios engineer developer working for groupon since mid-2016. originally from seattle, i worked in silicon valley for 3 1/2 years, starting out in web development and returning to seattle with valuable ios experience learned entirely on the job. outside of my daily work, i have contributed to numerous wordpress projects and applications for non-profits in the seattle area, and am an active musician who plays piano, violin, and viola. , geo_liu ,
dynamic, detail-oriented software engineer with experience in requirements gathering, design and development of applications to support business development initiatives. analytical engineer with a proven track record of excelling at learning new technologies and successfully applying them to develop clean and well-structured code. self-disciplined, highly organized professional with the ability to thrive in high-paced environments. outstanding presentation and communication skills, and works exceptionally well within a team environment and individually. superior analytical, time management, collaboration and problem-solving skills. promoted to positions of increasing authority and responsibility because of strong leadership skills, teamwork, customer service and overall performance. 
i am an ios-developer with extensive business background and history of scaling businesses.  before transitioning into software development, i enjoyed a successful career as a financial analyst, portfolio manager, and business development consultant in the real estate, finance, and energy sectors.
i have over 5 years of experience tinkering with various technologies related to web, mobile and vr development. my digital creations have been featured in numerous websites and have received millions of visitors from around the world. computer technologies are like an ocean and i know how to navigate them. i am passionate about them and getting a job related to this field is my dream. i   m in the top 10% on stack overflow worldwide for ios development.
software engineer, mainly focused on ios projects since 2015. wrote my first program in 2006, and have never looked back, deploying apps to the web and ios app store, along with an android open source project slipped in.   always learning, especially interested in cryptocurrencies and cybersecurity, along with machine learning and data science. fully bilingual with dual citizenship us/france, i love to travel and get new perspectives from around the world.  i currently work full time at linkedin, part time at myswimpro, and study in my free time through harvard's extension school. i also write about various topics when i have things to write about. always doing something, i   m constantly taking my experiences growing up in silicon valley and attempting to pay that forward      ,
ios software engineer  mobile software engineer     ios, xcode, swift     ios - consuming webservices[json, xml]     ios - core data, core location, uikit ,
as an enthusiastic software developer, i can always learn the cutting-edgy technologies and apply them to projects in a short period of time. as a creative self-starter, i have unique insights and understanding of it industry. as an efficient doer, i never hesitate to use my skill sets to convert my ideas to a tangible product. in less than two months after i graduated from college, i have already initiated a self start up project - locationbook. i am playing multiple roles (such as project manager, ui designer, architect, ios/front/back end developer, etc. ) to efficiently and effectively manage this project. locationbook will be launched before sep, 2012.  currently, i am looking for a professional platform for me to integrate my industry insights and skill sets.  specialties  ios development, full-stack web application development, ror and j2ee development, front-end technologies (html, css, javascript, jquery), 
i'm an experienced ios mobile developer, app designer, app-trepreneur and app enthusiast. i have worked with individual clients as well as large organizations and entities. i have helped clients publish their apps to the appstore that have achieved a great success.   core disciplines   - ios development - swift - objective-c - xcode - firebase - core data - spritekit - game development - mobile programming - unity 3d - c# - cryptography - node.js/express - mysql - mongodb - python - django - html - css - javascript - adobe photoshop - adobe illustrator - final cut pro - security penetration tester ,
aesthetic-focused professional with high-set personal goals. a true creative with a mind for code and and an eye for design.  proficiency in  - swift - ios development/design - adobe illustrator/photoshop  experience with  - objective c - java - python - php - html/css - adobe suite - final cut pro - git/github - google maps api - aws api - ddp protocol - restful services - ble connection - iot - data mining , procore technologies 
expertise in ios mobile application development using objective-c, xcode 4.5 and ios frameworks like cocoa touch.      1 year of working experience in ios software development including understanding of object oriented design patterns and how to apply it in objective-c and cocoa touch environment     comprehension of model-view-controller (mvc) architectural patterns and frameworks     knowledge of programming languages like objective c and java     experience with mobile application development using iphone sdk, objective-c and xcode.      experience developing and implementing core library functions for iphone application development     experience with manual memory management and arc     experience in developing and implementing custom libraries built to function with different versions of iphone     used json parsing to retrieve data for displaying on the iphone from server     knowledge of multithreading.     good knowledge and exposure object oriented programming languages in developing business objects.     strong experience in  rest , json.      well versed with software development life cycle (sdlc) process which includes analysis, designing, development, testing and implementation. 
i'm a ios developer  strong  objective c | swift | core data | git | sprite kit | agile development | api integration (oauth, xml, json, rest, etc.) | sqlite database | autodesk maya| autodesk inventor| 3ds max | adobe photoshop  experienced   c/c++| parse| firebase | 3d unity | mel | lua 
i'm an ios developer based in washington, dc. i've been working with the ios sdk since 2008, and all of my apps are fully native. i have extensive experience in both objective-c and swift with core data, mapkit, core location, and interaction with web services. i'm available for hire on a contract basis, so if you have an app that you need to develop, please get in touch! , timschmitz 
proficient in swift and ios development.  graduated with a bachelors degree in computer science with honors from uc irvine.  successfully passed all three exams of the rigorous chartered financial analyst (cfa) program.  excellent analytical and critical thinking skills with high attention to detail.   self-motivated with a proven record of meeting challenges. 
as a software engineer my biggest passion is to craft quality solutions that have a positive and meaningful impact on the end user. , nike 
started working at lyft  2015-2017  i'm currently working for yahoo on the fantasy sports team. in my spare time i like to build open source projects for ios development.  2014  i'm a student at the university of michigan pursuing a be in computer science. i was previously enrolled as a dual degree student in the business school here, but after 2 years i realized i had gotten all i wanted out of it, and decided to graduate early with a cs degree. the summer going into my sophomore year i started teaching myself ios and web development and have been plugging away ever since.
i am an experienced ios software engineer with a demonstrated history of shipping and maintaining ios apps on the app store. i am a leader in my organization and i enjoy mentoring junior developers. in my spare time i like learning about and experimenting with new software in the swift and ios ecosystem. 
i am an ios developer who is passionate about good design and user experience..i really enjoy working with technology and coding. i am very passionate about exploring new technologies as well as working with passionate and enthusiastic people to provide solution to complex problems. i always try to provide good technical guidance to my team members and work as a bridge between management and developers as well as mange a healthy relationship with all the clients.  my goal everyday is to develop innovating and user friendly application in the guidance of hci of any ubiquitous devices.
i   m someone who believe mobile apps are the future, it provides better user experience than a traditional app. to build dynamic mobile apps that can make people life easier. 
curious web developer using mainly xcode, swift, nodejs and sql in boston. previously developed web applications in react, node, and rails in the bay area. currently happily employed. on the side am developing a chatbot using react and psql that makes nutritional suggestions based on what you've eaten. in the past i studied computational linguistics, and used support-vector-machines, neural-networks, genetic-algorithms, naive-bayes-classification, p-tests, t-tests, and other statistical methods to analyze sentiment in text-samples from large datasets.   my hobbies include researching algorithms and design philosophies for the next generation of ai. additionally i have an english degree from sfsu, which helps conceptualize and quickly develop solutions to abstract problems.  two favorite coding/philosophy books  clean code, by robert martin
after receiving my bachelor's in computer science, my passion for ios development emerged soon after. for the past year and a half, i have been teaching myself the swift programming language and creating apps for the iphone. with one app deployed onto the app store completely built by me, i am confident that i have the skills necessary to get things done. i am looking forward to transform my passion into a full time developer role.
ios developer with 3+ years of experience utilizing object oriented programming. i   ve built a wide variety of apps, including three apps that i have submitted to the app store. strong understanding of core ios frameworks including, core data, nsurlsession, mapkit, avfoundation, and uikit among others. ,
i am an ios developer working hard to help make accessible technology that can help others in their daily life. 
ryan has been passionate about ios since the release of the first iphone.  he currently works as a ios engineer at intuit.  he has also self-published over 20 apps in apple's app store.  his skill set includes the following   excellent knowledge / experience with   ios, watchos, xcode swift, objective-c git, bitbucket, and source tree parsing json and xml in multithreaded projects cocoapods such as alamofire core data, core bluetooth apple pay, visa checkout, master pass mapkit, google maps, core location ios login using  facebook, twitter, google plus rxswift graphql itunes connect ,
ios developer at fantasypros.  received bachelors of science in computer science degree from colorado state university in may 2016. 
currently building tech and tools for health care providers to more efficiently take care of their patients and monitor their treatments. h
i am a student at uvu working toward a computer science degree.  i took a semester off to attend devmountain full time, a 12-week immersive ios course, in order to gain more hands-on work experience. i completed devmountain in november 2018 and am looking to for a full-time job as a junior developer. 
currently working at my dream job with my dream company, salesforce. .ios and android developer.software engineer with experience in ios, tvos, roku and web application development 
five years of industry and academic experience in software development using objective c ,java and j2ee technologies with over two years of experience in ios mobile application development objective c.     extensive knowledge in object oriented programming, databases and software development methodologies.     expertise in test driven development using ocmock, junit, mockito (mocking frameworks).     excellent skills in debugging and version control system (git) commands.      proficient in database concepts and writing fine-tuned sql queries.
high-energy, confident professional with an infectious enthusiasm for technology. motivated self-starter  able to spark interest and take initiative. enjoys learning new skills and quickly adapts to organizational changes. independent and self-motivated with excellent research and collaboration skills  able to grow positive relationships with clients and colleagues at all organizational levels.  ios development  swift | objective-c | xcode | interface builder | uikit |  cloudkit | core data | core location | networking | restful apis | json parsing | user notifications | mvc | debugging | git | github , jimmyiosdev , 
results-oriented software developer experienced in full project lifecycle. strong integration problem-solving skills. i understand the importance of writing highly readable source code and value the importance of testing. comfortable working on the client facing application as well as the back end application. 
my name is mark vader, and i   m currently looking for a job in ios development. since 2009, i have released  6 apps of my own to the app store and worked as a contractor on many others. i have a bachelor   s and master   s degree in mechanical engineering. i know swift, objective-c, and am familiar integrating ios apps with web apps and servers via node js.  i have worked on the lds church   s gospel library app for ios which has over 1 million installs. , mvader ,
ios development fellow at pursuit, an intensive 10-month software developer training program. , levidavismmi ,
built and published an ios app as an indie developer with the goal to help users enhance their shared-living experiences , keeptruckin 
i am an ios engineer focused on developing beautiful and friendly user interfaces. i developed an ios app displaying relevant news articles and products based on a user   s photos and mobile sensors. i also designed, developed, and launched cowtipper which was featured on the app store. it is for both ios and watchos and helps users properly tip at restaurants. ,
lawyer turned software developer. , dc_skinner ,
recent graduate of virginia commonwealth university and ios developer 
when i was pursuing my undergrad in electronics and communication engineering, the taste for high-level programming languages got a hook on me. when i developed my first application, the sense of satisfaction made me even more hungry to explore deeper.   currently, as a computer science graduate student, i'm living my dreams and i love it. now i've developed myself to a point where i do freelance projects for my clients. delivering the projects and getting feedback from clients motivates me to improve in this ever-evolving industry.  meeting new people and making new connection gives me immense joy. feel free to say hello.  specialties swift   java  python  c  c++  mysql  full stack javascript  mongodb   aws services  ec2,emr,s3,iam 
ios & macos developer experienced in swift, objective-c, sql, php, html & css. ,
i have been a professional developer for two years. before that, i spent the past decade at mcfly studio creating content for the media industries. 
a computer science graduate student, having decent skill-set in ios development, web database application development, devops and database development. 
have a total of 6 years of experience in designing, developing, delivering and maintaining ios apps in app store.  have a total of 11 and a half years experience in project management and software development for real time embedded systems, primarily intelligent network systems, digital switching systems, transmission systems and ip telephony products.  specialties  i have a good understanding of ios platform with swift as programming language. i have a good background in telecommunication domain and various itu-t standards/rfcs and protocols. deep experience in project  and client management through the complete lifecycle. ,
pursuing a bachelor's degree in mathematics/computer science at the university of california san diego. currently learning ios app development at codepath while working as a part time manager at ucsd housing dining and hospitality. , collabs 
software engineer with 9+ years of professional experience building applications for ios and web, with a insatiable penchant for learning. i specialize in building modular front ends and have a good eye for design that comes from my formal educational experience that resulted in obtaining my masters degree in fine art. highly technical, always creative and thorough, i strive in writing object-oriented, maintainable systems in code that are composed of highly modular, customizable components that encourage reuse.  - advanced skills in swift, obj-c, javascript (including extensive framework knowledge, i.e. backbone/marionette, ember, react).   - advanced css skills, including preprocessors sass and less.  - experience working with java, python, and ruby.  - test-driven developer utilizing unit tests, as well as, acceptance tests as vital part of development work.  - my current work is mainly focused on building mobile applications for ios using swift. , surrealneil ,
8+ years of experience in software development.     5+ years of experience in iphone & ipad application     executed and coordinated environment in working with agile/scrum methodologies     excellent communication skills. able to work effectively with technical teammates, and hence ensuring the proper development of business and functional requirements ,
ios engineer with a passion for design, product and rock climbing. check out my portfolio
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in ios, swift, reactive programming, typescript, and mysql. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science (b.s.) focused in general engineering from california polytechnic state university - san luis obispo. ,
i'm an experienced developer and have been programming since i was 8 years old. i have accomplished the following in my professional career   - built a technology start up - gained expertise in swift and mobile in general - contributing to open source when i am able to do so , paypal 
software engineer with a bachelor's degree in computer engineering from the city college of new york. i am goal-oriented, love to collaborate, and i'm passionate about mobile development and ux design. 
experienced with  ios, watchos, objective-c, swift, xcode, uikit, reusable components, design systems, ui tests, prototyping, pair programming, mvvm & mvc architectures, accessibility, internationalization  leadership  tech women   intuit - founding team member for women-in-tech network at intuit ladies at wwdc - founder of annual women   s ios developer meetup at wwdc  extras  inventor - patent us8751316b1, customer-controlled point-of-sale on a mobile device former figure skater and figure skating coach - competitive for 10 years  technical blog
highly ambitious ios developer with 5  years of experience and high proficiency in all apple creation software, ios, os x, swift, swiftui,objective c, xcode, mobile application programming interfaces,  java, sql,  and frameworks like core location, coredata, firebase, core ml, createml, mapkit, rxswift,swiftlint
i am a ios engineer at imanage in chicago. i   ve previously worked in quality doing automation against ios and web applications. i graduated summa cum laude from depaul university in mathematics and computer science with a focus in software development in november of 2014. 
extensive experience in swift, objective-c, java  experience in  c, c++, python, and php  exposure to perl, go, javascript, html, and css  tools  git, mysql, node.js, mongodb, xcode, eclipse, spritebuilder, soapui, and mathematica 
great combination of product management, design and ios developer skills all wrapped in one!  skills    - passionate ios developer with unusual combination of ux design and product management experience - successfully launched bento rock iphone app after one and half months of development - can crank out high-quality graphics, photographs for sites at a rapid pace using scripts  accustomed to working with fast-paced teams  languages  english (native), german (fluent) 
as an urban designer turned ios developer, i make it my goal to help create smart, livable and environmentally friendly cities with the aid of new technologies     iot, machine learning, and smart phones as an agent. my current interest is building user-friendly mobile applications to connect various things - sensors, goods, places, and people that will help encourage urban innovation by providing meaningful interactions among the things. 
detail oriented programmer with strong problem solving skills. loves new challenges.  i am currently employed at realself as an ios developer. , realself 
i am a person who appreciates logical systems, and challenging work.  my greatest strength is an attention to detail, which allows me to understand how individual parts or components function within the greater whole.  in addition, i am able to easily follow logical paths of thought to identify and resolve issues which would otherwise be missed.  i am a respectful teammate, but one who is not afraid to identify issues within the team, and bring them up in a diplomatic and professional manner.  i am interested in expanding my experience in software engineering and development. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in game design, user experience, php, android, and jquery. strong engineering professional graduated from devry university. ,
i am an accomplished ios developer with a growing collection of apps on the app store. in addition to my own apps i have contributed to three other apps and several github projects. i was a computer science major in college and extended my knowledge and abilities when i attended code fellows' 8-week intensive ios dev accelerator.   projects  apps in the app store / contributor apps, tools and cocoapods bubblesup addictive bubble popping game , easy to use extension of uicolor , project using the iphone's camera and flash to send and receive morse code contributed to unbogl updated app for 
experienced in designing, developing and testing enterprise mobile native apps using ios (iphone/ipad/universal) sdk.     experience using mobile apis and specific functions of ios such as  core foundation, uikit, core location, storyboards, local storage in core data, social accounts, apple maps, google maps, push notifications, avfoundation framework, alamo fire, swiftyjson, realm asynchronous tasks.     experienced in creating and custom uiviews, table views, tab bars and navigation bar, which are some basic functionalities in a multi-view application.     experienced in working with storyboard and interface builder and developed apps using various ios  design patterns (mvc
have a very strong background with the apple platform (ios, macos, watchos, tvos) and knowledge in marketing. always push for my best on any project i have been assigned, love exploring new technology and learn on new things to develop using new skills and i am looking forward for better opportunities out there. prefer to work on tasks that challenge me intellectually and allow me to think outside the box.  specialities   ios development, website development, project management, database management   main programming languages  swift, java, html , css ,php , xml, pl\sql  personal skills  leadership, project management, problem management, critical thinking.
host   swiftcoders podcast | ios engineer   tinder | california lawyer | creating the greatest expression of myself and helping build an environment in which like-minds can co-create, enjoy, and share. , garricn 
have 9 years of experience in mobile application design and development. -have experience in domain of retail, banking, manufacturing, life science and insurance. -possess exceptional analytical, troubleshooting, organizational, communication, prioritization, problem solving and leadership skills with ability to create and sustain high work tempo.  -experience in interacting with clients from different geographies in the world. ,
software engineer with a passion for software development and computer graphics.
software developer with many years of experience.  recently worked on ios development coding in swift. 
over 20 years of commercial and enterprise software design, development and analysis experience, with increasing responsibilities in highly demanding industries. for the last 9 years he has been developing enterprise and commercial mobile applications for apple platforms. 
good experience in developing ios apps using swift, objective-c, react-native     experience in webrtc, amazon chime, jitsi.     experience in javascript, android     experience in ci/cd and test automation tools drone ci, travis ci, xctest, mocha     experience in troubleshooting and monitoring tools instruments, splunk, kibana     experience in using aws services like ec2, cloud formation, lambda, api gateway etc           experience in agile (scrum, kanban) software methodologies. ,
i   m trained in creative writing and journalism, yet am passionate about illustration, design, and internet technologies   especially those that benefit society through education, communication, and language learning. i have over twenty years of experience working with internet-building technologies, both web and mobile. i speak english fluently, and can speak and read japanese at a high level. 
ios developer and working on machine learning projects. finishing computer science master program at university of colorado thanks to the balsells scholarship. ,
i graduated from drexel university. i major in computer engineering. i am very proficient in programming using c++, objective-c and swift. i have more than 4 years of development experience in c++ and 4 years hand-on experience in ios development. i have published an ios app (knwon       ) on the app store. ,
ios developer with design background. keen eye for design and proven ability to collaborate with designers and improve user interface. high attention to detail. nearly four years of startup experience, resulting in ability to create optimal products with limited resources. solutions-focused problem solver with a strong sense of ownership. ,
5+ years ios developer and successful released multiple applications to the app store. experienced in uikit, coredata, core graphic, core animation, cocoa touch, objective-c and xcode. experienced with third-party libraries like cocoapods, afnetworking, magicalrecords, sdwebimage etc. demonstrated track record of providing significant contribution throughout the development lifecycle. proven ability gathering and analysis, technical specifications, coding, code quality, debugging, user interface design and implementation.excellent in communication, analytical and presentation skills.   technical skills  languages  objective-c , swift, c, c++
experienced engineer specialized in swift / objective-c on ios, based in new york city. i build applications for apple platforms since 2012. i work on projects with a skilled engineering team of folks at evil martians for clients such as ebay, gett, news360, fountain, groupon, etc. before, i used to work for jetradar to deliver their ios apps to thousands of users in russia and eastern europe. i also created the app for sports.ru.  i'm passionate about creating great user experiences and writing clear, maintainable code. upholding best practices in software design and engineering. i attended wwdc multiple times and i always strive to improve my skills and learn new technologies. i used to write my apps in objective-c for years until i transitioned to swift in 2014. , rshevchuk 
ios developer with experience in both objective-c and swift. i have released several apps to the app store in both languages. currently i am a bootcamp student at laguardia's techhire program. i am learning full-stack java development and hope to expand my skillset to the android platform.
entrepreneur and software engineer who specializes in creating and developing video applications and interactive games primarily for the iphone and ipad. co-founded trifeckta software     startup focusing on mobile games. , avenue code 
currently finishing up my undergraduate in computer science and working for a startup in la. i primarily develop ios applications, but i also have experience building back-end systems with aws. 
i am an ios developer with 1.5 years of experience.  i enjoy solving the kinds of problems ios development provides.  i have a knack for writing and refactoring code that works and is easy for others to understand.   i enjoy learning new technologies and improving the skills i have. i'm currently looking for an ios developer position.
i develop full-stack solutions for some of the largest companies in the world.  primary trade and the dearest to my heart is ios development. since the announcement of the itunes app store i have feverishly worked hard to become one of the most proficient objective-c / swift developers in the world. my work has touched some of the most well-known commerce clients in the world. these days i work closely to lead teams by non-traditional means (fighting on the ground with the troops, leading by example of actions and not words, etc) to mentor and grow aspiring talent. very hands on and collaboratively fostering environments.  for many years i have worked on trying to solve problems that have impacted me and i continue to push forward personal interest projects as a full stack developer from dev ops to databases, backend to frontend, and everything in between.  i consider myself highly proficient in the following areas   1. ios (swift / objective-c) 2. angular 2/4/5/6/7 3. sql, mysql, postgres 4. react & react native 5. aws (s3, cloudfront, route 53, ec2) 6. database structures 7. node js 8. html / css3 / javascript, things everyone can do  and what i would consider  familiar with  and  able to get myself into trouble with    1. android (kotlin, some java)  if you're seeking technical overview or assistance, don't hesitate to reach out. ,
i thrive at the intersection of product, design, and engineering, working collaboratively to design and develop the best products possible. my passions lie in building products with great user experiences, writing high-quality and thoughtful code, and leading teams to achieve their maximum potential.   most recently, at opentable, i led development on guest center ios, the company   s flagship restaurant management software. i worked with a highly-capable team of experienced and junior engineers developing the system that forms the backbone of opentable   s business. 
good experience in developing multithreaded enterprise ios applications using technologies like swift 3.0/4.0, xcode 8/9, couchbase(nosql) and coredata. currently looking for a good challenging role in a highly motivated team. i prefer writing good quality code and like problem-solving. 
love creating things that make people smile. whether i   m building apps or creating content, i   m passionate about discovering the most creative ways to delight the user/audience.  i firmly believe that there   s an answer to every problem and i consistently strive to find solutions, especially when a clear path doesn   t exist.   designing the software for my photo booth company taught me how to create software that can be easily understood at first glance. being able to watch users physically interact with my apps at events has allowed me to constantly learn from my failures and improve on my strengths.   creating content on tiktok has been a very similar journey for me. experiment with new content, build on what works, and learn from my mistakes.   i   ve always been very optimistic about the future, and i want to leave a positive impact on the world and inspire others to do the same. 
programmer for ios and other unix-like environments, with seven years' experience in development . excellent at working cooperatively with other people. fluent in english, chinese, turkish , objective-c, and swift. i make it my goal to create software with the user in mind, creating applications with a useable and intuitive user interface experience. i also understand the importance of creating highly readable and easily maintainable source code. i am constantly striving to learn new technologies and look to ways to better myself in this rapidly changing industry.   technical skills  ____________  programming languages   objective-c , swift , php ,javascript,readily adaptable to other object-oriented languages. document/graphics languages   html5 , css3, markdown  application programming interfaces  proficient in cocoatouch (ios) [ proficient in uikit, proficient in coredata,proficient in foundation, and others ]   readily adaptable to most objective-c-based or swift-based apis.  database  sqlite, mysql
eight years of architecting, designing, developing, and debugging software/video games on platforms such as windows, web, and mobile devices using ios. three years experience using c++, 6 years experience in mobile ios development using objective-c and swift, and 2 years web development where i mostly used html and css, also picked up the basics of javascript and python using the wordpress ide.  efficient working with the terminal and using bash/batch scripting. these have all been accomplished as a self-taught developer. , andremvp23 
key qualifications                                                     ios developer working with ios 13 sdk, swift, objective-c, cocoa touch, uikit, xcode, interface builder, testflight, git, jira, postman, and charles proxy on a daily basis.      solid understanding of the entire ios development cycle     from code to app store connect.      proficient with ios frameworks including auto layout, core data, core bluetooth, core location, and grand central dispatch.      experience with developing for watchkit.      eight years of proven success in exceeding client expectations doing full-time native ios development.      strong self learner with a desire to stay highly informed on best practices and latest developments to apple   s ios mobile platform.      continuously focused on providing an excellent user experience via clean, maintainable, performant code.      competent app designer when needed alongside writing code.      professional
8 years of professional and research experience in ios application development.     working as a lead ios developer at salesforce for einstein analytics mobile app team.     focussed on designing app   s architecture, improving overall quality and extendability.     designed and implemented several key and highly used features of einstein analytics mobile app over the years with focus on scalability and performance.     good knowledge in working with jenkins and other ci tools like fastlane.tools to enable continuous integration.     strong expertise in building offline capabilities into mobile apps.     research experience in advanced image processing on ios applications using opencv.     strong experience working with fintech for in-app payments.     strong knowledge in javascript and frameworks like angularjs, nodejs and express. ,
great analytical skills to help identify and solve problems efficiently.     perseverant, responsible, disciplined and creative.     eager to learn and adopt new technologies.      fast learner. ,
i'm an entrepreneur with a passion for technology. i have keen interest in programming, working on both front-end and back-end platforms. i have over 6 years experience with app development and have worked on some great projects.  i specialise in swift, rxswift, uikit, swiftui, ios development, kotlin, java, android development, front-end and back-end development. 
technology enthusiast who relishes on-going learning about the latest developments, understanding trends in the evolution of technology, and applying that knowledge. , pbacchi 
ios developer, graduate of the (or the other) stony brook university. the long and short of it, i like to make things. i have a fun time solving interesting problems, preferably with a product focus, and building a business, so if you have something along those lines, please let me know.  i'm fluent in swift, objective-c, and a little rusty on my java. i have done work for ios, android, and windows phone (yes, really), and some backend. i most enjoy working on mobile, preferably on the iphone. my main point of focus is product, user interfaces, and interaction design, but also have experience doing back end. i also know enough rails/django to help out if there's a need there, and have done enough go to be dangerous.  specialties       oodles of ios work. (like poodles without the p.)     ui/ux (this line looked too short so i'm adding this parenthetical sentence).      i've run the social accounts for a porcupine (instagram.com/porcupuck)
senior ios developer with 5+ years of experience in the field, moved to the us to live with my wife. green card holder and able to relocate. career goals are to work in an active, challenging environment  to continuously learn and improve my skillset, and to keep up to date with the current development trends in the industry. dedicated to creating captivating ui/ux, and willing to go the extra mile to deliver a well-oiled, smoothly working solution. 
extensive background in ux/ui design, project management and technical program management.     broad product experience including desktop applications, hardware devices and embedded operating systems, mobile applications, server products, developer tools and platforms.     experience managing complex projects across functional teams internally, remotely and with external partners around the globe.     proven ability to understand, synthesize and distill complex end user, market, business, and technical requirements into effective product plans.      excellent written and verbal communication skills with passion for understanding customer needs.     adept at learning new skills and technologies and problem solving. i enjoy building software to solve real world problems, using collaborative design processes. ,
continuously striving to learn more about ios development and use those skills in my work.
recently graduated student with masters in computer engineering from ira fulton schools of engineering, arizona state university with. i have been developing ios mobile applications from the past two and a half years. highly hardworking, quick learner and a good team player. seeking an entry level position. 
7 years of extensive experience of designing and developing enterprise level ios and web application development 4+ years of experience in ios mobile application development using ios sdk, cocoa touch, swift and xcode. created and customized uiviews, uitableviews, uicollectionviews, uiscrollviews, uitabbars and uinavigationbars which are some of the basic functionalities in multiview applications. experienced in enterprise based application using coredata and realm database experienced in using jsonserialization, codable protocol and swiftyjson to parse json data from restful web service and dynamically displaying the data on iphone/ipad. extensive working knowledge of multithreading including grand central dispatch and nsoperation proficient in all phases of agile software development life cycle (sdlc) with strategically designing, implementing, fixing and maintaining the software. thorough understanding of design patterns, mvc, mvp & mvvm architecture, and other concepts including delegation, singleton, notificationcenter, key-value observing. experienced in data persistence using coredata, realm
software engineer with experience in swift and objective-c on ios. background includes marketing, film and video. , thebourbondev ,
ios developer with a strong passion for delivering excellent tech products for the users.  i want to use my technical skills to create applications t
ios software engineer.  an analytical thinker, i enjoy providing simple solutions to interesting problems.  i live to create new things and leave a meaningful impact on the world. 
programmer with 5 years of experience in swift and python. most work consist of automating task for businesses and creating mobile applications.
ios software developer, i have both completed and contributed to a number of native ios apps in both swift and objective-c.  i enjoy working  with and as part of a development team.  i have encountered many difficult challenges and enjoy the process of deriving a solution and crafting useful tools that people enjoy.    i love learning, hiking, and tinkering. , randoramma 
i'm a mobile and web developer, with a focus on ios. my background includes server and client-side development, web development, databases, unix/linux systems, cloud technologies (e.g. aws, parse, node.js), and languages including objective-c, javascript, php, and java.  my recent consulting work includes prototyping technologies developed at adobe's creative technologies lab, building applications for communicating via bluetooth with custom hardware, and developing applications for use on the floor of san francisco's exploratorium museum. in the past i've developed high-availability content management systems for media companies.  i have experience with the entire app development lifecycle, from design and implementation through acceptance on the app store, as well as enterprise distribution. i have a deep knowledge of core ios frameworks and mvc design principles. my focus includes technologies such as networking, bluetooth, graphics
i'm a former maintenance supervisor transitioning into a career of full stack ios software engineering. i chose ios development because its a technology that i am passionate about. it lets me bring my ideas to life while helping many people in their daily tasks. i love apple's solid, and easy to use development environment, 
i'm an experienced ios developer with qa and frontend development skills with react . i have worked with individual clients as well as startups to medium size companies. i worked together with a team of developers building out different functionalities of exisiting apps as well as making the app from conception to completion. my thoughts when working on an app is to keep certain principles in mind 1.the  architecture of application should be properly designed and must allow easy scalability 2. having a deep knowledge of applied technologies and keep up with the latest technologies and innovations that will help solve essential problems.  3. and to implements unit testing  i'm a passionate programmer with an entrepreneurial spirit who is eager to learn and improve. i also have my own app existing app in the app store.  specialty      frameworks  foundation, uikit, mapkit, corelocation, avfoundation, mediaplayer, xctest, core data, assetslibrary, photos.     networking   nsurlconnection, nsurlsession.     third party  cocoa pod,  realm, afnetworking, kingfisher to name a few ,
completed master's degree in information systems at northeastern university. at northeastern, i have developed skills in ios development, web design and java. familiar with swift 3, objective-c, java, javascript, j2ee, json, internet of things.  i have published ios apps to app store.  it shows the predicted time for boston subways and locates them on the map in real-time.     parsed the json data fetched from mbta-realtime api v2 using swiftyjson library to show subway predictions.     app locates the boston subways on maps in real-time using mapkit and updates the location when required.     app shows subway routes, stops, walking and driving route from user location to the subway stop.   completed my bachelor's degree in computer science from birla institute of technology, mesra. during my bachelors, i had pursued courses like data structure and algorithms, java, html, unix & c programming, linux programming
web and mobile developer with a focus on building native ios applications using swift/swiftui. 
i   m an ios developer who has a passion for programming and helping people solve problems through software.  i specialize in swift and objective-c, but i also enjoy challenging myself and trying other exiting programming languages & technologies.  when i'm not programming, you'd probably find me playing a round of pickleball, fishing, camping, or other outdoor activities.   
i'm a passionate ios developer with experience in creating/maintaining apps at all stages. in addition, my entrepreneurial spirit makes me multifaceted and knowledgeable beyond the scope of technology.
i am a passionate ios developer and software engineer with experience building impactful iphone and ipad apps. programming for the past 8 years, i have worked with swift, cocoapods,  coredata, realm, xctest, java, python, node.js, express.js, html5 & css3, firebase / google cloud platform, mongodb, ui / ux design, agile development, automation, testing, git
a veteran software developer  he's been making professional software for over two decades at avid, discreet (a division of autodesk), media 100's terran interactive division, grouper networks, and apple and others.  specialties  developer of commercial software, specializing in professional and consumer markets.  knowledge of multimedia tools development, streaming media, project management, swift, objective-c, c/c++, and c#. 
i'm an ios developer and designer who cares about craftsmanship. i like working with swift and playing with go and elixir. 
a recent usc graduate with a bachelors of science in computer science and business administration. i have a strong passion for technology and innovation, with a keen interest in web and mobile applications, animation and entertainment. 
the most important thing to know, whenever you   re trying to start anything, is that you'll never truly be ready to start' ,
over 8 years of experience in software industry working on native mobile development based ios applications for iphone, ipad were involved in application architecture as well as software development.     development of customer-facing and enterprise ios mobile applications in a variety of industries.     experience implementing elements for mobile interfaces such as maps, web view, grids, tabs, collections, navigation controllers, relative layouts, list views and social networks just to name some.     experience with swift programming (swift 1 to 4).     worked on latest versions of ios and xcode, iphone sdk, and cocoa touch framework for the development process and well versed with latest changes in the industry.      created and customized views, table views, tab bars and navigation bars which are some basic functionality in a multi-view application.     experienced in xml and json parsing, multithreading using both 1st part and 3rd party frameworks including nsxmlparser, and nsjson serialization     expertise in mvc, mvp, design architecture, cocoa design patterns and concepts like delegation
computer science  and mathematics graduate. coding and cryptocurrency enthusiast interested in ios development. also interested in using mathematics to solve complex problems in fields such as ai and game development.
adept in mobile application and desktop applications development. knowledgeable in how to design and manage ios mobile applications in hectic schedules. excellent interpersonal and leadership skills. appreciated for problem solving skills and providing workable and efficient fixes within a quick turn around time. 
passionate software engineer with a flare for ios development, learning and growing more as both a software engineer and a person. well versed in swift, javascript, python, c and more. ,
ios engineer with 3+ years of work experience having proficiency in ios application development. i'm on the endless path of learning, developing, sharing, discussing and testing new technologies  especially mobile technologies.
professional software developer holding a master of software engineering and a bachelor of science with specialty in finance from auburn university. experienced in .net stack with a focus on backend web solutions. also possesses four years of experience in corporate finance/accounting, and an apple developers license with mobile app development in objective-c/swift. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the entertainment and software industry. skilled in requirements analysis, itil, agile methodologies and user interface design. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology (btech) focused in information technology from narsee monjee institute of management studies. 
competent and results orientated individual with experience in developing ios applications. 
ios developer with a strong background in programming fundamentals, in-depth knowledge of ios, debugging, and a passion for designing sleek, intuitive mobile user experiences  excels in fast-paced environments that are open to change and innovation with over nine years of experience in various types of technology industries.  ios  (iphone/ipad)  developer experience creating multi-threaded, core data and parse based applications,  3rd party api integration,  experience submitting applications into apple appstore.    strong  objective-c, c++, agile development, pair-programming experienced  swift , c, avfoundation, cllocation, parse, coredata, corefoundation, coregraphics
developing mobile apps for the ios platform with over 7 years experience. founding member of  a tech company where we mainly focus on building products that delight the end user.
ios mobile developer with a demonstrated base history of working in the computer software industry. a strong business development professional with a bachelor of art focused in computer science from rutgers university-new brunswick. , iheartradio 
specialties  - ios development - objective-c - windows device driver development - usb bus protocol, usb video, audio and hid device classes - video capture devices - c 
programming and design of iphone and ipad apps and prototypes (objective-c/swift, cocoa touch)  strategies and concepts for ios apps  development of android apps.  published iphone app ( the power of green  for con edison) has been featured in the    what   s hot    section of the app store and won a w3 design award.  provider of solutions from concept to execution, including mobile, web, and interactive design and front-end development  extensive development experience with and for fortune 500 clients  solid technical and programming skills, including objective-c/swift/cocoa touch, android/java, html/css, javascript, actionscript.  selected clients  hearst  livelike  cbs  consolidated edison company of new york  commentsold  aetna  saab-sensis corporation  sapient/general electric  washington post.newsweek interactive  cool gray seven/urbanzen  time inc. content solutions  studio holling/naacp legal defense fund  heartbeat digital  arvato systems/bertelsmann  colgate-palmolive.  specialties       mobile, iphone, ipad, apple watch, tvos design and development,      objective-c and swift,     augmented and virtual reality,     android design and development.      web
experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. passionate about creating exceptional user experiences through technology with a strong interest in mobile application development and ui/ux design.  experience with  ios development, swift, java, html, css, typescript, angularjs, hibernate, sql  design tools  
i specialize in identifying the best  ios  developers on the market from a junior to senior level and placing them with companies they are best suited to. 
operating systems  mac os x, linux, windows programming languages  objective-c, swift, c++, c vcs  git, svn ide  xcode, qtcreator frameworks  opengl es 2.0, core location, core data ,
i am hard working, determent and creative. i do not give up when i am under pressure, when things do not go towards my way and when things get hard, instead i always keep thinking positive and keep going forward. my objective is to be the best at everything i do. ,
software engineer with a love for web and mobile app development ,  studied at the tel-aviv academic college - bsc. in computer science.  knowledge in  ios, objective c, swift, html, css, c, c++, javascript, jquery, c#, networking.  fast learner, hardworking, punctual, and creative. , misty_hunt 
experienced ios developer with previous employment in energy and health sectors. proficient in a variety of web and mobile technologies. currently lead ios developer for wakelet 
it recruitment specialist   software engineering placements in europe  - coming from a sales background focused in the it industry, my knowledge is now being put to use finding the best suited candidates for challenging and hard to fill roles. ,
ios development in swift and objective-c v clean architecture and design approaches. long term exposure to mvc, mvvm and extensive experience with viper v extreme programming (tdd, agile, pair programming) v continuous integration (buddybuild, jenkins, travis, os x server) v advanced  core data, animation, core graphics, storekit, realm, keychain, oauth v experience working in teams of all sizes. closely collaborating with business and design v coaching and mentoring of junior developers  for full cv and portfolio of works, please get in contact privately. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in backend programming, and ios development. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology focused in computer science.
with over 20 years of experience in software development i   ve gained a broad experience from working in industries such as oil exploration, engineering and games development. for the most part i   ve been specialised in the design and development of commercial and in-house desktop applications for microsoft windows though i have also worked on other platforms such as the xbox and playstation.  i   ve recently made a move away from full time employment to make a fresh start as an independent mobile app developer focused on the apple ios platform using xcode and swift. i   m now using my time to immerse myself in the technology, learning, developing and eventually publishing my own apps.  for most of my 12+ years in cambridge i worked as a senior software engineer with development skills mostly focused on using c# with .net/winforms/wpf/xaml/mvvm in visual studio. i also developed using java with awt/swing in eclipse for over 6 of those years.  i have excellent technical knowledge, analytical ability and organisational skills. i work with a high level of professionalism and commitment and take a very thorough approach to programming. my emphasis is on developing robust, quality code and applications that are easy to maintain, extend and use. i have also been comfortable with guiding colleagues in software design and implementation techniques.   in my spare time i have developed for the windows phone 7 mobile device for which i successfully published an app to the windows phone marketplace. i have also experimented with technologies such as xamarin, unity, xna and managed directx out of curiosity and professional interest. 
ios developer with experience in large scale technical support , apposing  the we source group recruitment team consists of an unusual and hugely talented bunch of ex-developers, designers, marketing experts, hardcore gamers and technology buffs who all share a common trait     an immovable passion for all things it.  having gained a well earned reputation for offering career enhancing job opportunities, the team consistently attract and seek out the very best talent for their select clientele.  if you are a talented individual seeking a new permanent, 
i have over 2 years experience in ios app development. currently i work as an ios developer at cadac holdings ltd. ,experienced ios engineer  ios developer , itouch systems ltd ,i have been developing native apps for ios devices since the launch of the iphone 3g back in 2008. in this time i have worked on an ever growing list of projects on a freelance and contract basis.  during this time i have gained experience working with most aspects of ios development, including in-app purchases, core animation, uikit, opengl es, graphics and physics engines, such as cocos2d, box2d and chipmunk, mapkit, audio and video streaming, photo, motion sensing, multi-touch, etc, etc.  i have commercial experience writing in both objective-c and swift.  i also have some native android development experience.  i'm equally happy to work on my own, or as part of a team.  in addition to coding, i also love hill walking
i began experimenting with ios (at the time called iphoneos) with the release of the very first iphoneos betas in 2008. shortly after i started my professional career as an ios developer working in a team of 2.   since then i worked at different companies, from big corporations to startups, and i also cofounded and helped running an app development agency for about 3 years.  i had the opportunity to witness all the transitions and evolutions that occurred in the past 10 years in the apple ecosystem.  after my first years as a professional ios developer i discovered a strong interest in ux and ui design. during the years working in an agency i had the opportunity to work on apps design, pitch app ideas and design specific features for our customers. that allowed me to gain experience on this other fields. , lucabartoletti 
skilled in ios development with mutliple projects within my portfolio. i have experience with an extensive array of frameworks over 1+ year experience in swift, examples of these include  arkit, corelocation, avfoundation and many more.  able to demonstrate strong analytical skills and outside-the-box thinking to create fresh and innovative ideas. extremely passionate about mobile technology. 
ios software developer with solid .net development background.  experience gained working on production projects as well as prototypes for prestigious clients like inditex, air products, philips and start-ups companies in europe, including spain and the netherlands.  during 2018 i am a participant on vi edition of the keepcoding startup engineering master bootcamp. git, github & sourcetree node.js ecmascript 6 deploy on servers  aws docker advanced ios development (cocoa / objective-c / swift 4) app store & ad hoc installations continuous integration firebase crash analytics advanced android development react agile project management  scrum entrepreneurship & productivity.  colombian and spanish nationality. 
i   m a person with an appetite for knowledge and passionate about taking ideas and making them a reality through software, technology and teamwork.  i'm very well versed in ios, swift, unit-testing, git and solid architecture which are where the majority of my experience has been. i've a very strong focus on code quality, automation and testing which i feel is the foundation of creating apps that can be maintained with minimal time and effort.  i've also had experience with android development, application security, and recently linux and web development. i relish the opportunity to broaden my skill set further. , dec_mck 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. have also recently been skilling up in android development for over a year. skilled in ios, cocoa touch, swift, objective-c, python and java. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science (bsc) focused in computer science specialising in robotics and artificial intelligence from university of hertfordshire. 
a self-taught ios developer currently using swift to build mobile applications. i   ve been learning swift over the last year and have developed a few small scale applications while working on bigger projects. i   m currently open to all types of opportunities as i   m looking to gain commercial experience in the ios mobile sector.
i am a software engineer specialising in ios (swift and objective c). i take pride in creating high quality applications using up to date tooling and best practices. during my career i have had the privilege of working on multiple high profile apps with some truly remarkable people where i have gained a large amount of experience in all aspects of software engineering and product delivery. 
ios, web developer, online marketing enthusiast! swift & blockchain technology     and what the future holds. 5 ios applications published in the app store and a few web projects.      personal dapp on ethereum blockchain and ipfs. i am always fascinated and obsessed for details and overall perfectionism.   i have been working on a startup to launch first bitcoin atm in uk (bitcoin atm ltd.) 
skilled and motivated swift ios developer with four years' experience writing highly readable, clean and maintainable code. proven ability to work as part of a team or independently. adept at technical troubleshooting and anticipating future potential problems. experience in leading a small start-up company into releasing an ios and android application connected to the blockchain network. developed mywealthmap, vodafone 6.0, npower, o2 academy, scooch and myheating by warmup. extensive knowledge in developing in code using pure layout and stackviews. successfully executed many updates for existing applications during my time at black swan data. experienced with requirements engineering, project planning, and development management. ,
royaume-uni , i   m an ios developer     . i have experience writing apps from scratch, creating sdks and developer tools, hiring other developers, leading remote teams and being the sole developer on a project. i've worked with small startups and on apps used by tens of millions of people. i also organise community events  i   m most known for starting up nslondon and curating speakers for altconf. thanks for reading       . 
over 8 years of experience in ios development. i hold a ms in computer science and i am a fulbright scholar. , bcg digital ventures 
a skilled mobile application developer with over 18 years experience in the software industry. i have spent the last 10 years developing ios and android apps for a wide range of clients and industries.  my major experience is in ios development using both swift and objective-c  i have also created and maintained android apps over the last two years using kotlin.  i pride myself on my attention to detail and delivering high-quality software.
an ios developer with extensive experience developing mobile applications at scale.,based mobile (ios and     platforms) contract developer. my preferred stack includes swift, objective-c, python, go, c/c++ and more.  user experience is the paramount for me. i have special place in my hearth for tdd and agile techniques. love to talk about things, prototype, iterate and deliver at pace.  my skills have been battle tested by 18+ years of experience in various technical and management roles.
an experienced and highly resourceful software engineer with strong object-oriented skills and a deep passion for mobile software development.  ascertains a broad range of experience in numerous industry sectors and possesses both theoretical and hand-on experience with the entire software lifecycle. having worked as part of both small and large development teams, the need for excellent communication, applied software principles and correctly practiced software development methodologies is deeply appreciated. ,
results-oriented ios developer. i build software for people, and make it my goal to implement apps with a great user experience complimented with an inspiring user interface. i understand the importance of writing highly readable and maintainable code when working in teams or alone. i relentlessly push myself to learn and grow as fast as this industry changes by adopting new technologies and breaking out of my comfort zone. i have significant experience building apps from the ground up and actively pursue critical feedback.
it's not just to develop a piece of code, it's to create something new out of nothing! i love to be creative, solve problems and care about the users, who have to handle the software i wrote. ,
royaume-uni , ios developer! mostly creating and maintaining native ios apps using swift & objective-c. always doing my best to make user   s life easier. i like to keep things simple, stay agile and responsive, so i can meet requirements quickly. i am always looking out for tools and approaches that help me to stay more productive, then i share it to people around. i'm active in creation and development of projects that are in my responsibility. 
i   m an ios developer with strong experience in swift. i   ve been working for some big companies around the globe and i have experience on converting an idea into a successful app. i really love being part of conference about ios ecosystem and mobile technologies.   i   m always eager for learning so i spend a lot of time doing courses and improving my skills. learning and playing around with swiftui at the moment. , detharion 
10 years experience developing ios, tvos and watchos apps for media, publishing and education.  this has provided a practical understanding of       leading development teams with varying experience levels and needs     test-driven development in an agile environment     software architecture and solid software engineering principles     designing and implementing novel, animated user-experiences ,
experienced ios and macos developer with a demonstrated history of working in the e-learning industry. skilled in swift, objective-c, actionscript, application architecture, icon design, and user experience. 
extensive iphone, ipad, watchos and macos apps development experience ranging from startups to ftse 100 companies, banks and b2b.   based in edinburgh but willing to work in london, glasgow or remotely. will consider other locations, including outside of the uk. 
ios engineer with 5 years of professional ,experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. strong engineering professional skilled in microsoft excel, management, ios development, microsoft word, and sales. 
with a natural interest in software development i started to learn the fundamentals of web development at the age of ten. now at age 22, i have 4 years of professional ios development primarily using swift.  i find myself adapting quickly to new situations, proven by my ability to start contributing to an existing codebase on the same day i joined sky even with no prior knowledge of the swift language.  many people have complimented my ability to quickly produce not only working but testable and well documented code. i also have an interest in rapid prototyping, especially with new technologies, which is a benefit of my quick form and logical approach to problem solving. ,
8+ years swift, obj-c  developer. rxswift, xctest, quick & nimble, tdd, ci, mvvm, and atlassian suite , a highly resourceful, innovative, and competent ios engineer with extensive experience in the layout, design and development of mobile applications using modern programming languages. i have extensive knowledge of the development of web api   s using json and xml formats whilst working alongside the backend development team to ensure the best architectural structures are designed and developed to meet each individual clients criteria. i have over 6 years experience in developing applications and solutions for a wide range of corporate, public, and private sector clients and have the enthusiasm and ambition to complete projects to the highest standard.  i have excellent organisational skills, with the ability to work well within a team, whilst also being able to work to a very high standard on my own. i am an experienced team worker being able to produce a plan of action, should the situation arise. i am driven by enthusiasm and passion in what i am doing, which ultimately gives me motivation to succeed. ,
working as an independent software consultant , design and develop mobile applications. i'm specialising in ios native applications development both in b2c & b2b.highly motivated and strong technical ability to solve complex development scenarios . more than 20 years of software development experience. experience on every aspect of software development life cycle. technical lead and project co-ordination experience to manage several multi cultural team. experience on real time agile software development and evangelist .strong knowledge on ios,objectivec,swift,c/c++,object oriented programming, uml, design patterns, and mobile/embedded operating systems. i am energetic ,pro-active and a true team player.  specialties   key skills   - develop ios app using swift . - develop ios app in the mixed environment using swift and objectivc. - ios development best practices and clean code. - mobile application design and development. - tdd /bdd , mobile test automation - c++ - wide range of experience working with various different mobile platform (for example ios,android,symbian, qt c++ , bada , limo etc .  software development practices   - continuous integration , jenkins
strong decision-maker with more than 4 years of experience in software engineering and application development. effective coach and mentor and committed to leading exceptionally gifted teams. ready to work closely with both teams and customers to identify the most efficient and beneficial solutions for process improvement. 
i am proactive person searching for new challenges and shared satisfaction.  results-oriented software developer with more than 4 years experience. i make it my goal to create software with the user in mind, creating applications with a useable and intuitive user interface experience. i also understand the importance of creating highly readable and easily maintainable source code. i am constantly striving to learn new technologies and look to ways to better myself in this rapidly changing industry. ,
i have worked as an ios developer for over 5 years coding in swift and objective-c developing for iphone, ipad and macos. released over 20 apps, many reaching the top of their category   s app store charts. received a first class bsc in multimedia technology and design from the university of kent. 
my primary focus lies on delivering high quality apps. always keen on writing clean, maintainable code and implementing uis with priority on user experience and design.
senior ios engineer, 11 years experience as software engineer.  strong capability building apps using swift.  background in algorithms design in wireless industry.  particular expertise in ui, both in design reviews & implementation.  also experienced in people management and release management.  up to date with latest ios features and wwdc developments.
i am currently not looking for new role...   i have great passion for developing applications, i spend most of my time writing code if that is at work or in my spare time. i have recently started masters in mobile application development.   i have various skills  with various different programming language such as c#, vbscript, ironpython, sql, orcale databases, windows phone development and ios development using swift and basic knowledge objective-c.   my current self assigned project is to get json data from police api and locate and map street crimes in current geo-location which will help various people, who are planning to relocate to new location or even check if the area is safe for their children's. this project has now been completed and available from itunes  
i am an enthusiastic and passionate ios developer with graduate and master training in embedded systems. happy working alone but enjoy workplace interaction to develop innovative and commercial applications. in the last year i have been in an app agency where i started getting commercial experience using swift. i focused on getting better in ios, especially developing in my spare time using latest frameworks. ,
software engineer focused on growth.    helped create and scale the deliveroo ios app over 5 years.  experience building and working in fast moving experimentation teams.  background in ios, but works on what needs to be done (backend / web / android / analytics). 
highly professional software developer with over 20 years experience in both web and mobile development. i make it my goal to write code that is clean and re-usable with the right architecture in mind. i'm a hard working developer with a wide spectrum of skills and a proven track record of delivery high profile projects in agile environments. i am constantly striving to learn new technologies and look to ways to better myself in this rapidly changing industry.   i'm also a fa level 1 coach...
senior ios developer with a broad and extensive industry experience.  i have developed hugely successful and highly regarded apps in teams large and small.  developed ios apps for the following high profile clients    - sky-  *** sky go ios app *** *** sky q ios app ***  - expedia - *** hotels.com ios apps ***  - saffron digital - *** itv essential app *** *** bt tv app *** *** kddi videopass ***  i focus on writing simple, readable and maintainable code. i test extensively with unit tests and use tried-and-tested design patterns.
i   m good at ios dev and gardening, and i like science and politics. i'm ios developer in commercial development since 2010 . i'd worked on various projects at different roles from ordinary developer up to mobile development lead and architect. experienced objective-c and swift both.  most of my experience gained from working on big internal application for enterprises such as deloitte, citybank, lg electronics etc. as part of external outsourcing team. i   ve worked on establishing secure and reliable data fetching, caching data for offline usage, implementing advanced and responsive ui.   one of my best experience related to istocktrack project, that won    best of finnovate  2014, in london. however i've participated in few award winning projects since. ,
senior swift ios engineer.   thrives in startups, iterating fast on their project. with more established companies and bigger codebases enjoys more focus on app architecture, unit testing, code quality and the development process.   pragmatic approach, not afraid of deadlines and challenging tasks.   hands on experience with swift, core data, functional programming (rxswift), viper and mvvm. experienced in working in ios teams up to 5 engineers on products as well as being the only developer.   computer science graduate, c++ convert who used to write games for fun. picked up programming as a hobby 16 years ago. , wyszo ,
i'm a freelance ios developer with over 5 years commercial experience in both swift and objective-c. i am not currently available for new contract roles.  while i love building new projects from the ground up, i   m perfectly happy to dive into legacy code! i thrive on challenges like crafting a well-organised model architecture, coming up with easy to understand solutions to complex problems, or even learning a new programming language to complete a task (e.g. php to automate image processing or scrape text from indesign files).  if you are looking to hire a freelance/contract ios developer who enjoys writing clear and maintainable code, please do get in touch!  preferred languages and architectures  swift, objective-c, mvc, mvvm , acabico 
full-time ios developer since day one.  working remotely with distributed teams. passionate about technology, ux/ui design and clean code. quick to learn and fast to adapt to changing environments. experience working in an agile environment. worked on apps that used by hundreds of thousands users. passionate for benchmarking and optimization.  skills      cocoa touch     uikit, core animation, calayer transitions     full time swift since swift 1.0     threads     grand central dispatch     media frameworks     media player, avfoundation framework     databases     core data, realm, firebase, core data background threads     web services     xml, json parsing, restful web services     maps     core location (gps functionality), mapkit, geofencing, location tracking     accelerometer and device orientations     social apis     facebook, twitter, linkedin     push notifications     apns (apple push notifications service)     in-app purchases     ads     iads, admob, adwhirl, facebook     optimization with instruments     dependencies     cocoapods
i am an experienced ios developer and entrepreneur with expertise in full end to end app development.  i am also able to to provide android based solutions, additionally i  have expertise with back end server side technologies to support mobile applications, including aws and javascript.   my initial career was in technology operations and finance where i have held operational management roles at leading media and technology companies, notably ee, bskyb , aol and yahoo!   i have a degree in economics and a life long passion for technology with particular interests in mobile and wearables and next generation computing platforms. ,
ios developer with over 8 years of experience in the industry, has been involved in numerous projects for global clients and prestigious companies.  always working in agile environments along side project managers and designers, to deliver the best product from its early conception all the way to its development, testing and release. ,
mobile developer with 7 years of ios experience working at scrum teams and agile methodologies.  currently specialised in swift. working in heavily customized uis, communication with web services, custom components, cloud computing, local database storage, etc.   finished the studies in cork, ireland with a erasmus scholarship. 
passionate ios developer, building apps for popular and well known businesses across the uk. songwriter. speaker. clean coder. mathematics. functional programming. tdd. bdd. agile. , tide 
ios engineer. technology enthusiast. amateur photographer. , mariusfanu monese  ,ever-passionate, super-enthusiastic, 'learn-o-holic' ios developer and instructor. i teach on raywenderlich.com and udemy, blog regularly and never, ever stop learning. i have a diverse background in technology as well as education and i simply love what i do!  follow me on my learning journey at code-disciple.com or check out my courses on raywenderlich.com 
i have been developing commercial ios apps since 2009.  the clients i worked with include tide, reed, hsbc, news uk, monitise, mobile interactive group and startup teams. if you leave in the uk, it is very likely that you have the apps i made(or was part of) on your iphone. the majority of the teams implemented agile process. 
software engineer with experience of developing for desktop, web, and mobile platforms.  specialties  c++, objective c, ios, php, mysql, sql server, html, xml, javascript 
i am an ios mobile app developer with two years of experience using swift 5 and xcode 11. i have experience of initial design through wireframes and mock-ups, through development to deploying apps on app store. i am actively looking for an ios developer role.
with plenty of professional experience with software development, i thrive in the fast paced and exciting buzz around mobile technology and modern technology.  because of this i have gained a firm grasp on a selection of programming languages and technologies, which allows me to bring a productive and rounded view to your project solutions.  drawing from a broad professional experience with ios native development and development on the full stack, i am a highly skilled developer with proven project and programming skills. i also have a keen eye for detail focusing on creating great user experiences that are both intuitive and natural.  given my engineering background, i have an advantage in understanding technical business needs and am skilled at creating complete and complex solutions. consequently, i can pragmatically apply software principles, design patterns and development best practices to produce robust and reusable code that is of the highest quality.  i also combine my passion and obsession with software and electronics through working with projects in the maker space, using the amazing and creative platforms of raspberry pi and arduino. 
ios developer with over 3 years of experience in diverse industries such as insurance/finance, sales, social networking, productivity and entertainment.  areas of experience      widely experienced in application development for iphones, ipads as well as other apple operating systems and platforms.     excellent knowledge of all the major programming languages that contribute in the development of iphone and associated applications.     excellent knowledge of various oop techniques used in objective-c and pop techniques used in swift.     always on top of the newest features in ios, including the upcoming ios 11.     proficient in dealing with logic and memory bug fixes.     debugging and troubleshooting skills.     highly creative and self-motivated with a go-getter attitude.     adaptable to work for long hours without losing patience and concentration.     time, team and resource management skills.     well-developed analytical and problem solving skills.  skills      ui/ux guidance and design     multi-threaded coredata (both pre-ios10 and post-ios10 styles)     frequent use of coremedia, coreaudio     enterprise and app store deployment     encryption and certificate pinning ,
a musician by trade. an engineering background and passions for languages, music theory, instrument building, and electronics translated neatly into software design. the common ground between all of the above is my favoured domain. 
busy crafting delightful user experience with brilliant colleagues.  -)  expertise in building out ios app infrastructure, with production experience in declarative ui, functional and reactive programming, and unidirectional data flow architecture. working in cross-functional teams (15-25 people) with strong product focus. daily auto layout and uikit puzzle solver. ios user experience critique. not a manager.  swift, objective-c, uikit, swiftui, scenekit, healthkit, reactiveswift/combine (frp), fastlane learning  scala/akka  -] ,
i   m a software developer currently enjoying swift development. i   m also interested in design, ux and collaborating with people. in my spare time i create, design and develop computer games. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the media industry. skilled in swift, objective-c, ios application development and whole project development. 
relatively new to software development. i   m currently focused on ios development with swift   i have experience building native ios apps with xcode, and have several publications on the app store. very much looking forward to the next step in my career by getting involved in larger-scale, collaborative projects. formerly a professional nuclear physicist with numerous scientific publications. 
junior ios developer and mechanical engineering graduate from northumbria university.  5.5 years of experience in iphone/ipad design and development with effective way of achieving strong schedules and quality deliverables.  professionally trained on ios development specializing in object-oriented design, analysis, coding and implementation of projects that includes, configure development tools as with requirement, developing high quality code using objective c with industry quality standards and risk analysis of code review in most effective way.  below are the key areas of my profile as an iphone developer.  1. project execution  2. create a positive environment. a. resource management b. time/risk management c. understanding project requirement d. discussing the best approach to achieve the goals. e. work breakdown for timely demos by following agile methodology. f. daily or weeks reporting of progress.  3. skills  workable command on the verbal and written communication skills. handling the project conditions , pressure / work load. ability to work well in both a team and individual environment.  4. best practices  swift  maintenance of code and application architecture github repository localisation in different language graphs implementations  local notifications  specialties  objective-c, xcode, coredata, sqlite, c, c++,xml and json webservices, images cropping , social frameworks integration, animations,  maps, swift 
open - minded,  highly self-motivated, well organised mobile software developer.  passionate about ios & swift, with over two years  experience and good skills  enough to design and develop complete solutions, also have a huge will to learn, and work hard with team members in delivering successful products. 
ambitious and experienced ios developer with a background in web development. developer profile  starting with analysis of client needs to creating prototype, structure and functionality of the app, data models and choosing appropriate frameworks, i can create user interface, which will be ergonomic and will match client   s corporate identity, apple design guidelines and accessibility requirements. i can edit pictures, icons, backgrounds and other graphic elements with adobe creative cloud and many other designer   s tools. i am coding in swift since apple introduced it in june 2014. i   ve published five apps in apple appstore. for my work i use xcode 9, swift 4, auto layout with size classes, coredata, uikit, mapkit, gesture recognizers, xml, json. i use agile approach to programming, especially scrum.  recently i   ve been doing cross platform development on xamarin platform as well.   general profile  i   m experienced it specialist with design  background and strong sales experience with the ability to communicate effectively at all organizational levels. i   m able to recognize client needs and prepare solutions that fit both the client   s technical and financial needs using my extensive knowledge and experience. with my project management experience i am able to implement a complete solution for the client. i have a successful track record of managing departments or foreign branches of international companies. my responsibilities include  sales
i   m an experienced ios developer who has worked on a variety of mobile projects, for businesses of all sizes, all over the world. i have a great passion for high quality software development, emerging technologies, and creating innovative, elegant user experiences that are responsive and feel great to use. i also have a keen interest in artificial intelligence, machine learning and can generally be excited by most advanced computer science subjects.  i have a degree in computer science, 9 years industry experience and have been developing apps since 2009.  i   ve worked on a variety of apps with people from all backgrounds. sometimes on site, sometimes remotely. i   ve been the sole developer on projects, managed teams and mentored junior developers.  when i   m not busy at work, you   ll find me playing a racquet sport of some kind, out for a walk, or reading a book.  skill set - native ios applications written in swift and objective-c - ios services (coreanimation, coredata, coregraphics, corebluetooth, coremotion, corelocation, avfoundation
only looking for remote opportunities.  i was in love many times throughout my life. my first love was making video games. second love was writing clean code. third   producing amazing user experience. currently in love with helping people grow, both personally and professionally, guiding them to feel productive, autonomous and fulfilled.  developed for frontend and backend, web and mobile, windows and mac, even playstation and wii. led a small team of developers, both as a cto/founder as well as an ios lead. 12 years in professional software development and 10 more years in making video games for fun and giving programming tips & tricks to my programming teachers at school. 
worked with careoffice uk ltd. as a senior ios developer and project manager to create several apps for social care industry. my responsibility were working on app wireframes, requirement collection, developement and release of app to apple app store. i've also worked as onsite co-ordinator to liase with the offshore team in india to develop android app and web app.       worked on ios apps development for evangelist software ltd. i develop apps for high profile clients and third party and provide rich user experience via simple design and coding.       worked on pim (personal information management) component of phonebook in nokia mass market devices. my role is to do bug fixes and maintenance of different phonebook components. also i have worked on integration of microsoft hotmail to the nokia phonebook, using the background java applications and done multiple xsp (external service providers) support integrated to phonebook component.      working on the integration of the social networks like facebook and twitter with phonebook. also working on the automation of test cases using the nokia in house tool ctt (core test tool) and the service apis tester tool.      worked in past for motorola inc. india for a range of pda devices. i have handled various enhancement /bug fixes/debugging testing and release for mc30xx devices on windows ce 5.0, windows mobile platform.      worked on design gauge application in past to port the application from windows to linux os with qt library to support cross platform and multitasking.  specialties  object oriented programming, model view control, c programming. linux, windows phone, windows mobile and windows ce platforms, socks protocol, socket programming. ,
echnologist, problem solver  expertise with front end technologies, and passion for ux and design. currently working as an ios engineer at matchesfashion.com. responsible for adding new features and bug fixes to the customer facing app. also contribute towards the in-store retail apps.  previously worked at yoox net-a-porter group so i have5 years of experience in e-commerce and retail apps. i'm very passionate about the user and their journey throughout retail apps and i spend a lot of time comparing and exploring other apps. i'm always looking to make the app an easier and smoother experience with the latest technologies.  also spend some time volunteering with west london coders and this year i helped organise the 2019 altconf in london. i'm a big advocate for women in tech and bringing diversity into the tech space. 
10 years of ios development experience. apps published in app store. swift, objective-c, c++, github, scrum and jira. strong academic background with first class honours degree and phd. 
the last four years i   ve spent doing commercial ios development at sky having previously transitioned from enterprise server development to mobile application development.  at sky i was a member of several agile scrum teams delivering sky q and sky movies ios apps, as well as contributing to the sky+ and sky news apps.  working at ventyx before sky gave me great experience developing large scale server-side systems and helping enterprise customers directly.  having worked on both server-side and client-side application development teams has given me insight into delivering quality software across multiple teams. ,
results-oriented software developer with overall 8 years of experience in mobile application development,    developing ios apps from past 5 years and have multiple apps published to app store.  experience with solid priciples, agile, tdd, bdd, ci/cd and writing clean well structured maintainable code. 
as ios developer i am focused on delivering applications which are well designed and developed from user interface point of view as well as technical details.  i like to experiment with new technologies, research and learn.  author of trx animation framework 
apple wwdc scholarship recipient in 2014 & 2015. i was selected by apple to attend their wwdc conference twice as one out of 200 / 350 scholarship recipients worldwide to have won.
experienced and highly skilled individual with 20+ years of overall software development experience. 10+ years    experience as a founder and an independent consultant in ios development.   proven ability to work well as a team lead as well as an individual contributor and very effective in communicating with people at all levels. i understand and embrace the value of building a collaborative culture to foster self-managing and productive teams and achieve their maximum potential. 
passionate ios developer who has been developing applications for the last 3 years      co-organiser of a monthly ios workshop (cocoaheads) in paris september 2018 - july 2019      enjoy attending various tech conferences including the wwdc , comparethemarket.com , ios developer 
highly-competent mobile developer with experience particularly in ios mobile apps in service industry. skilled in swift, objective-c, hands-on experience with android kotlin, realm, c# and familiarised with java. experienced in restful api, json, git, sourcetree, agile, jira and mapkit. professional with strong teamwork ethos and an open-minded attitude to different approaches. 
i   m farhan mirza with five years of experience in native ios app development using swift. i love being creative, exploring and broadening my horizons, doing things in high quality and giving stunning user experience in my products and taking startups to next level.   specialities    swift, cocoa touch, core data, web services (soap/rest) integration, apns, xml and json parsing, oop, agile, tdd, design patterns, unit tests, multithreading, memory management, performance optimizations
ios engineer, mountain athlete and love to create creative content on my adventures to natural silence. experienced ios and swift developer, with several apps submitted to the app store.   only interested in exploring new ios opportunities using swiftui, combine and ios 13.  open to to either full time / perm or contractor roles.  happy to discuss greenfield projects from startups to established companies, the benefits of using swiftui and combine are universal.   swift, ios, swiftui, combine, vapor ,
dedicated ios developer with 4+ years of experience. capable of delivering high quality professional software using the latest tools and technology in the industry.
dedicated software developer with more than 9 years experience developing native ios apps, from planning and design through to submission, independently and in large teams, using objective-c and swift. , nullablecjwood ,
entrepreneur. freelance lead/senior ios developer with 8+ years experience with solid high-tech software background. worked on all aspects of ios app creation. built several apps from scratch. worked with ui/ux people, product owners, end clients, graphic designers, ... has a good eye for detail and ui/ux. 
iphone, ipad and android apps experience.  based in edinburgh.mobile developer based in manchester.  experienced ios engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the financial, retail and telecommunications industries. skilled in ios, swift, git, agile and teamwork. strong engineering professional with a master   s degree focused on computer software engineering from university of coimbra and university of ljubljana. 
my main objective is to continue developing high quality software products whilst utilising the best tools and techniques to ensure their ongoing quality, extensibility and maintainability.  aside from my professional activities, i'm also an independent application developer.  check out my macos app - sequence diagram - available from the mac app store (featured by apple in the us app store [dec 2018 - feb 2019]), which, coincidentally, makes great use of my cocoapod, s
through my career i have gathered experience in programming mobile devices on many platforms from brew to ios mobile endpoints. my interest in mobile communication techniques & technologies makes me motivated self-learner, always hunting for best-fit solution suitable for actual demand. my experience concerns work either in the big corporation or a small, startup company. i have been working in multicultural, international team which makes team playing my strongpoint. i always put an effort on to interpersonal communication, because being understood properly is important to avoid many problems on the project   s way of development. my motivation bases on a very good quality of outcome product, this makes product worth doing and pursuing next goals on the product   s roadmap.  specialties  apple ios qualcomm brew samsung bada unity3d 
i'm a junior (ios) developer currently open to job opportunities.  i started in the tech industry as a passionate technology recruiter but found myself fascinated by the technology behind the products and everything that goes on behind the scenes! i started spending my spare time researching and completing tutorials and am now really keen to turn this hobby into a career.  since leaving the recruitment world behind i have been working on a couple of personal projects in the form of ios apps. i'm always keen to expand my knowledge and am a very fast learner. , 2gear limited , ios developer 
i'm an ios developer, and i work most of my time with swift and (a little) objective-c i started working with ios 6 years ago, long before arc, autolayout and other newer technologies. before that i was a backend/frontend developer for about 5 years. i have worked with a lot of technologies and programming languages, from java, .net c#, ruby on rails, node and even a little of php  i'm always searching new technologies, and exploring what can be done with them. i also share this knowledge with friends/co-workers, and more than once my bosses enjoyed the news and changed the way a specific project was going. , bgondim 
my main goal when applying for a job is to continue learning. i decided to change career, from photographer to developer, because i am fascinated with programming. i want to work for a company that allows me to grow as a programmer and to give back what i have learnt.  i have excellent communication skills. during my work as a professional photographer for more than twelve years, i learned to communicate with others and to improve my social relationships. indeed, photography work is often based on the capacity to empathize with the person who is in front of the camera.  i am an expert user of graphics editing programs such as adobe photoshop. ,
i am a software engineer, primarily focused on building swift ios apps. i have been in tech for well over 10 years  working as an ios developer since 2012. i have released over 30 apps & accumulated well over a million downloads. i have a degree, with honours, in computing from the open university. i have created apps for some for the largest technology companies in world. i have created apps for all of apple   s platforms  ios, tvos, ipados, watchos & macos. , markbridgesapps 
i am currently looking for work, ideally remote.  i design of complete systems from back end to mobile (ios).  i use creativity to decrease risk and increase the performance of complex projects.  my speciality is risk-based prioritization & sequencing of tasks and optimal allocation of resources, finding creative solutions to complex technical problems.  i am an empathic leader, i use root cause analysis.  i adapt my style to context  will try to reach a theory y style on high-performance teams, conscientiously avoiding demotivating strategies.  expert on the proper implementation of agile, avoiding its pitfalls  know the psychological and cognitive theories agile methodology is founded upon.  good insight and professional grade conflict resolution and diplomacy, which unfortunately won   t and can   t work with some pathological disorders (not qualified as a hostage negotiator).  successfully sat postgraduate project management course recognized by apm. italian native speaker - professionally fluent english. beginner level spanish.   successfully lead life critical and business critical projects.  competence  apple ios development. mobile apps. enterprise architecture, multimedia, project management. digital systems and firmware development, microprocessors, microcontrollers, product design & development. functional analysis and requisites. current languages  swift objective-c, golang, sql past programming experiences   unix, oracle, ocaml, c/c++
over 18 years of commercial experience in the design, development and maintenance of software project.     7+ years of commercial experience in building ios apps using objective-c on iphone and ipad     3+ years of commercial experience in building ios apps using swift.     experience in reactive programming using rxswift and rxcocoa frameworks.     hands on experience in end-to-end ios development from conceptualization through to the successful launch of an application in an app store.     exceptional coding and design skills in objective-c, swift, cocoa-touch frameworks (uikit, foundation & corefoundation) and design patterns such as mvc, mvvm and viper.     experience in working with ios frameworks such as core location, mapkit, security, core data, core graphics and core animation.     expertise in working with iot(internet of things) based devices such as camera(bluetooth), leak detector(wi-fi), sensors(zigbee) etc.     hands on experience in developing real-time data streaming-based apps using websockets, webrtc and bluetooth frameworks.     experience in writing ssl/https secure ios apps using security framework, good dynamics and keychain.     expertise in implementing push notifications using apns and amazon sns.     hands on experience of full application publishing life cycle (including certificates, provisioning profiles and code signing).     in-depth understanding and experience of developing multithreaded apps using grand central dispatch (gcd), operation queues and blocks.     experience in developing app using social media sdks such as facebook and twitter.     experience with agile/scrum project management methodologies.     proficient in unit testing, ui testing and test-driven development (tdd) and using xctest
i specialise in swift and objective-c ios app development on the iphone, ipad, watch and apple tv. i have a varied portfolio and have worked with ios since the first developer release  i have a disciplined programming background in enterprise software development in various languages, architecting software using recognised design patterns and techniques. i've been in the industry since 1999.   i've worked within fin techs, commerce, media and many more industries in various capacities from being a sole developer in small start-ups to leading teams in large multinational organisations. , devedup 
senior software engineer with more than 20 years of software development experience and solid working knowledge of c/c++/objective-c/swift. extensive experience with the complete software lifecycle.  extensive experience in universal application development using the latest apple's ios sdk. have already developed several applications which are available in the apple's app store.  self-motivated, challenge-driven and results-oriented professional with ability to work in a team environment.  bilingual spanish (native) / english (advanced) speaker and writer.  skills & expertise       ios development     swift, objective-c, c++ and c programming     iphone, ipad and universal app development     xcode, interface builder     sketch, adobe photoshop, illustrator     github, bitbucket, git     core data     restful api, social network integration     basecamp, slack, jira, trello     fabric, crashlytics, testflight     facebook events tracking, google analytics services     app store connect 
professional software developer with the hunger to learn more and the desire to explore new technologies, programming paradigms, languages and tools.   primarily working with ios sdk to produce great and useful applications for different clients. this has given sohel the development experience of the whole software life cycle. ,
an ios engineer with extensive experience in full-cycle app development ranging from small personal ventures to high profile projects for world renowned clients, i am passionate about writing clean code and thrive on challenging projects. an independent consultant for over 5 years, i enjoy collaborating with clients to understand their needs and help them build and deliver high quality apps. i also enjoy sharing knowledge, experience and skills  mentoring others, leading brown bag sessions, workshops and delivering training courses, for example to the european commission in brussels and luxembourg.   key skills      10 years of commercial ios development experience     fluent with ios sdk, swift, objective-c, xcode and app store submission process     working collaboratively to define, design, develop and ship features     maintaining code quality, upholding standards and adherence to solid principles     working in agile environments, pair programming, code review     guiding and mentoring clients and colleagues     test driven development, xctest and xcuitest     continuous integration  jenkins, fastlane
attended try! swift nyc conference 2019.   attended try! swift nyc conference 2018.  experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry.  skilled in java, c++, html, flutter, php, software development, and microsoft office. strong engineering professional graduated from university of kashan. ,
programming languages i've worked with  objective-c, java, swift  scripting  html, css, javascript.  also familiar with sql, version control (git).  this is the list of some of the frameworks that i have experience of  core data, cocoa, cocoa touch, core animation, core graphics (quartz2d), mkmapkit, facebook, rest api's, avfoundation audio/video, arkit, drag and drop, scenekit, spritekit
bachelor of computer science, experience working with ios development, apple technologies, swift, objective-c, xcode and third party libraries. working together the ux and back-end team to create great products using scrum, agile, rest, git and gitflow. quick learner and easy to adapt a new technologies.  back-end experience working with rubyonrails, javascript, php and mysql. brazilian and portuguese citizen. 
london based software engineer who enjoys building mobile apps, listening to good music and writing code.  currently, the lead ios engineer of revolut and educated to a masters level in advanced computer science at the university of york, uk.  i am a swift enthusiast who also works on small projects during spare time. always looking forward to taking new and interesting challenges. , dio_papas 
native ios developer, looking for contract roles 6+ months or remote opportunities.  i'm a professional ios developer/consultant.  highly skilled lead ios developer with over 9 years commercial experience developing apps for startup's, ftse 100 companies and others in-between. graduated in july 2010 with a 2.1 degree classification in computer programming and software architecture
senior developer with 8 years of mobile programming experience. - 4 years in leadership positions, of both in house & remote developers. - built & managed 5 ios & 2 android applications through development, beta and deployment to their respective stores. - of the developed apps,
already 8 years experience with ios development.  i like to work on challenging and good quality applications (clean architecture, clean code). applications that bring a value to the world give me a personal satisfaction and motivation, that   s why the medical applications imoodz, infectionguide (winner of hygieia award 2013) and temstem made me have good night sleeps. bembey is also one of my favorite apps which encourage people to keep track of their good and bad deeds (what a nice idea!  ) ).  i like diversity and challenges because they trigger me and make me grow faster. i like to create and to enjoy the results.  i think performance and optimization is very important in a mobile application, it leads to a better user experience and to a good quality product. 
success is just a matter of time, and when this is your approach, there is no limitation of your capabilities.  i   m always looking to learn something, not just for carrying in my jobs, but also aggregate to my whole life. and the increase of my expertise making each project a new richer experience for the final user. i love integration between languages, and the usage of object oriented programming.  besides of having a great pleasure working with a team who love improving themselves, i can't work without commitment, and challenges. passion is what guides my whole professional being. , nanyoliveira ,
enthusiastic software developer with over 3 years of experience working in both ios and c# in equal measure.  worked with saas provider ndl software ltd. on their  mx  project, i worked on the backend of a mobile application development solution for clients including the nhs as well as a number of local government authorities.   i'm well versed in the agile methodology, and object oriented programming concepts. with hands-on exposure to designing and developing web services and apis using c# and .net, i'm also a microsoft certified solutions developer.   my ios experience spans a number of enterprise applications, developed in objective-c. ,
mobile application developer with 12 years c++ and 4 years objective c experience. passionate about clean, object orientated code and user interfaces. able to work with complex code bases, solve problems and quickly adopt new technologies. solutions orientated with a history of delivering to deadlines.  objective c, c++       xcode, instruments, lldb       universal iphone and ipad applications supporting multiple versions of ios       object orientated design and implementation, design patterns       multi-threading and asynchronous programming techniques       communications including udp and tcp sockets, http and rest apis       agile development methodologies including scrum, tdd and ci       source control systems, notably subversion and git       experienced in working with multiple branches and performing complex merges 
i write ios applications for both iphone and ipad. i also write web api's in ruby on rails. i'm used to agile and extreme programming practices.  specialties  ios , novastone 
objective c, swift, ios, macos,software engineer with 7 years of experience developing for ios in the iptv, media and creative industries, and 12 years in accountancy and financial software. 
passionate and innovative. willing to work on companies or startups that make a difference in this world.  i have worked in different projects leading the prototyping, design and development stages. fond of taking ownership of applications going through the full development cycle.  in a nutshell my passion in the mobile field embraces ui/ux design, prototyping, architecting medium to big projects and enhancing app's overall performance.   proficient in        ios development (swift, obj-c)     mobile prototyping     web and mobile usability     node-js backend     realtime communication (socket.io)     photoshop     json & xml      core animation     core data     icloud     websockets     mongodb     sql (mysql, oracle, db2)     latex     matlab  programming languages         swift     javascript     obj-c     java     php     python     html 5     css 3     quartz 2d ,
i am an enthusiastic and ambitious individual looking for a career based at the forefront of technology. i love to challenge myself and apply both my academic and personal skills into projects of all scales. my openness to new ideas allows me to work well as part of a team and my confidence in communication allows me share my own ideas effectively. , mydrive solutions limited 
i am a senior front-end swiftui developer for apple platforms, for the last 3 years i have focused exclusively on swift and ios but previous to that i spent 10 years writing macos and ios software in obj-c, previous to that i did php web programming, networking and 3d modelling.  as a person my strengths are synthesization, simplification, discipline and analysis, i don't need much guidance, am used to be self-directed and motivated.  i enjoy bridging the gaps across internal divisions, training developers and building collaboration. 
5+ years of developing native complex and secure mobile applications focusing on ios native app development - well versed in object oriented design, mvc, mvvm and viper design patterns as well as protocol oriented programming concepts - solid understanding of arc and memory management principles, ios networking concepts, apns architecture, performance tuning, offline data management and mobile device management concepts, ios application security and ios human interface guidelines - self starter and quick learner with ability to work independently as well as in a collaborative environment to produce high quality products ,
ios developer working with swift to create engaging and functional mobile user experiences.  i am a senior ios developer with over 7 years commercial ios experience working in agile environments with fully automated workflows for building and testing applications. i have developed iphone and ipad apps for b&q, ordnance survey, the metro newspaper, the british medical journal, and the bbc. i have also worked directly with apple engineers to track down and identify communication issues that existed between iphone and apple watch in early versions of watchos.  i designed and built a photography app called    iris     pro camera control    for iphone and apple watch, which is a 100% swift application. i also created and maintain a personal budgeting app called budgeted, which has been live on the app store since 2012. 
contract ios / macos developer in london, with a focus on writing modern and maintainable code.  i'm not available for new contract roles until november 2019  i'm a self taught cocoa programmer  a motivated self- starter with a desire to learn and improve. i started as an macos developer, but most of my work since 2013 has been on ios. working as a contractor has allowed me to work on a variety of projects  from creating entire applications to maintaining and improving existing projects.  i've worked exclusively in swift since february 2015 and i'm proficient in using that language, as well as being an experienced objective-c developer.  i   ve worked with most areas of development, although not games, mainly with networking, (both natively and third party solutions). core data, realm, animations, i use storyboards and auto-layout by choice, but can work with ui in code when required.  i have written tests with ocunit and xctest, specta/expecta with ocmock, and network request stubbing with ohhttpstubs.  strong ability with git and version control concepts. i can use cocoapods, but i prefer to manage the few dependencies i use with carthage or even manually with git submodules.  i   m familiar with haskell, python and ruby, although i don   t get to use them enough to be proficient in those languages.  i   m active in the cocoa community. i organise nscoder night london and i   ve given talks in the uk and internationally on a variety of subjects related to cocoa development  swift, core data
an experienced and result-oriented mobile apps developer. i have delivered complex projects for several high profile clients.  i'm a professional senior ios developer with 10 years current experience of developing solid and elegant native iphone and ipad apps and training successful junior developers for renowned commercial and public sector clients in the uk and overseas. i'm able to design and construct ios apps from scratch or build on existing code in objective-c and swift, efficiently working self-directed and unsupervised or as part of a team. agile software development background, proficient in communicating across teams and disciplines, technical and non-technical. 
versatile professional contributing energy and purpose to application design and development. practiced in delivering high quality technical solutions with close attention to detail.  services provided to a wide variety of clients ranging from advertising agencies and design consultancies through to major software houses and government departments.  comprehensive knowledge of application development for mobile, desktop and internet. deep knowledge of programming resulting from many years of exposure to a variety of tools, technologies and practices. 
experienced, proven, ios & macos developer.  ios sdk, objective-c, swift, cocoa touch, core data, sqlite, xcode , passionate software engineer interested in mobile applications development. adaptable and quick to pick up new skills with great attention to detail, i have developed several mobile and web applications, both individually and as part of a team. my main interests lie in the mobile apps industry and internet of things (iot). ,
i graduated in computer engineering and then in the ios apple developer academy. i work as ios engineer mainly in the fin-tech field. i   m passionate, dedicated and i always work with precision and attention to details to write high quality, clean and maintainable code. 
computer science at the university of westminster - graduated first class honours  skills   swift, objective c, xcode, core data, uikit, afnetworking, core bluetooth, core plot  other skills   angular 2, parse, typescript, xamarin, ffmpeg, node.js, os terminals, sql, json, xml, bluetooth (ble), network protocols 
ios developer in london. always learning.  technically minded developer with deep knowledge of mac & ios internals, low-level concepts and systems analysis. , jgarnham 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled writer, strong in objective c, and swift. strong engineering professional with a master's degree focused in computer networking.
i am a senior ios developer with over 4 years experience developing commercial iphone/ipad applications and over 20 years commercial programming experience.  although i am very focused on ios development, i do have significant senior management experience which is often useful in project planning, execution, team mentoring and in client-facing situations.  i care passionately about usability and maintainability of the software i create. i find maintainability brings a focus on testability, automation, separation of concerns, evolving systems sympathetically with their original intent, using appropriate technologies, making illegal states unrepresentable and removing barriers to iteration speed. my interest in maintainability is leading me to be increasingly interested in strongly-typed functional languages  such as haskell and swift.  for additional information about products, 
an enthusiastic mobile developer with a passion for ios development and all things apple.  my favourite thing about software development is the challenge, the puzzle. breaking that simple instruction to it   s most basic components and translating that to code that ultimately a machine will see as 0   s and 1   s, making it do what you ask from it... that   s the closest thing to    magic    in the real world.  i like keeping up to date with the newest technologies and trends. i   m an iphone fan (that   s why i prefer writing native ios over other software). i have made a single android app so far and most days after work i   d go home and work some on personal ios projects to unwind!
senior ios developer with 4+ years of experience in mobile development. i also have a background in web technologies / backend development. i am hard working and always keen to keep up with the exciting fast pace world of mobile development! , candyspace , senior ios developer 
i love swift, a clean architecture and a good set of tests.  experienced ios engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the broadcast media industry. skilled in xcode, swift and objective-c, spritekit, avfoundation and other native apis. extensive experience in business and product development, sage products, xml, adobe photoshop, and quickbooks. strong engineering and legal professional graduated from birkbeck, university of london. ,
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. strong engineering professional skilled in macos, ios, version control, cocoa and cocoa touch. 
an accomplished and high-achieving ios developer with demonstrable experience in testing software and electronics process improvements. proven track record of creating reusable complemented testable code with the ability to maintain high quality standards throughout development projects. ,
as a computing science graduate, i am enthusiastic to take on new and challenging tasks and consider myself a persistent problem-solver.  i am a driven individual with a great interest in programming. this interest has given me the determination to learn more, work hard and move closer to my aspirations of building a career in the world of computing.   i am eager to learn and i strive to excel.
full stack developer using technology to solve problems.  i'm a half brazilian, half spanish, true mobile development lover, i get excited over all the new os releases, and i try to stay on top of new technologies. i started in 2012, i was primarily hired to work with android but soon they needed someone willing to learn ios and i volunteered. since then i developed a great passion for it. nowadays i think this is the ideal career for me. it was an incredible experience to grow along the platform, every wwdc, every new tool, a lot of opportunities to build anything i wanted. to this day it is still exciting to read and to discover new technologies, new possibilities and new ideas for the platform and to know that i'm part of this evolution. , felipedocil 
it and software development professional with over 20 years experience working for various small to large companies. creative individual with a strong desire to become better at whatever i undertake.  specialities  ios, tvos, objective-c, swift, xcode, cocoa touch, oop, mvc, core location, location services, gps, geocoding/geofencing, arkit, augmented reality, mapkit, xml, json
trabajo como desarrolladora de software en varios lenguajes desde el a  o 2001 y desde principios de 2014 me he especializado en el desarrollo de apps.  publiqu   mi primera app en mayo de 2014 y desde entonces trabajo como freelance, me he especializado en lenguajes nativos para ios y android y realizo labores de consultor  a, an  lisis, desarrollo y dise  o. 
software let things beyond the possible.  my first programming experience was in an ee c language course. since then, i involved in embedded system with great ui platform to control the disc location  developing mobile application with native program language, joined in product engineer team to be in the front line to get contact with client. after working in several different area, i found out my passion is connect with people and create the interactive able application to amaze their visual and life.  mit media lab's interactive ideas are my dreams. by using the software to design visualisations, images, and interactive content to create everyone's dream. i'm loving it. ,
what do i believe in   i believe in product creation. i believe in high technology. i believe in mobile.  what do i do  i study, invent, innovate and deliver.  specialties  objective-c, swift, ios, macos, watchos, tvos, machine learning, ip, khronos apis, computer graphics, java internals, system software design, collaboration, technical leadership
i am a software engineer with 7 years of experience in developing mobile apps and more than 12 years in software development. i have worked for several companies leading small teams of mobile developers, providing all aspects of technical implementations, helping api development, working with designers to build the best mobile experience. in my latest projects, i always adopted a continuous delivery approach, following agile principles, constantly adapting the software in line with users feedback, business strategy and priorities. , rializer 
graduate computer scientist working in the field of mobile application development. skilled in swift for ios, mysql, php, html, css and other languages with a first class bachelor's degree focused in computer science from bangor university. 
experienced ios lead engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the retail industry. skilled in swift, objective c, java and management. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer science and finance from keele university. 
bsc computer science - first class honours with certificate of professional industrial experience i am looking for positions in the north west specifically.    design is not just what it looks like and feels like. design is how it works.  - steve jobs   software engineer/developer - currently specialising in the development of mobile applications on the ios platform (apple). 
software engineer with 6 years of experience, including exposure to the most common technologies used in both the enterprise and startup world.  started as a java developer at a multinational company and been there for 3 years. since then i have been working as an ios developer, who loves to hack in any type of programming language as there is not much difference only basic methodologies. ,
experienced ios developer with 5+ years of experience in building mobile applications using objective-c and swift.  passionate about code quality, knowledge sharing. love to challenge and continuously improve myself. 
bright individual working as software developer with 7+ years of experience. recently working on ios projects since last two years. i worked as individual and in team of 5-10 people on ios apps, websites, desktop application and multimedia projects. ,
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in swift, objective-c, cocoa and agile methodologies. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in information technology from calicut university. ,
freelance consultant with proven managerial experience. trainer in administration and it. ability to engage learners of different levels. excellent communication skills and ability to creatively problem solve. , drewwestcott freelance 
a passionate ios developer with 6+ years of professional experience building native apps in objective-c and swift 1-4 for iphone, ipad and apple watch (supporting ios versions from 5 to 12). i am passionate about following standard methodologies, design patterns and architectures such as mvc, mvvm, mvp and viper. i am experienced in agile practices and my main focus is always on ensur- ing code quality, with clean and maintainable code. i am also interested in new trends and other technologies, having undertaken a msc in android in 2016 at the    universidad polit  cnica de valencia   . 
development manager with a solid technical background. 12 years of experience in full software development life cycle (desktop, embedded and mobile) and a proven track of completed projects   extensive experience in software development, stockholders advising and line management  technical specialties  ios development, api development , dmytrogolub
developer of mobile, desktop app and websites, management of databases, web y business applications, network consultant. cisco ccna security certified  programming  objective-c, swift, java, php, javascript, css, asp, c databases  mysql, postgresql, sql server, oracle networking  cisco, mikrotik, vpn
experienced software engineer with a demonstrable history of creating ios, xamarin and .net applications. skilled in swift, objective c, java (android). keen ability to rapidly acquire new skill, grasp concepts and take initiative. experience of agile methodologies - scrum, kanban, tdd, bdd, xp. ,
i   m quick to learn and passionate about solving problems with new technology. as a development team leader, i   m positive, self-motivated, and able to mentor junior associates. my recent interests include autonomous car development, machine learning, and blockchain development. 
design and development of products and solutions using ios technologies with more than 5 years of experience.  specialize in object-oriented programming and writing reusable frameworks, rapid prototyping of guis.   primary languages, technologies and tools  - objective-c, swift  - xcode, git, instruments  - cocoa/cocoa touch  - jira  other languages, technologies, and tools  - java/android  - php ,
5 years of commercial experience in building ios apps using swift and objective-c. fully responsible for whole sdlc for products in e-commerce and fintech. always staying up to date with new technologies and optimising existing code base and processes, while leading and motivating teams towards successful delivery. 
a keen, passionate, and pragmatic engineer. a true believer in continuous self-improvement, learning and applying technologies, tools and processes. not afraid of change or the challenging nature of the industry.  an early adopter and platform junkie with a proven track record of building professional apps for ios, android, and beyond.  a creative with an eye for design, ui and ux as well as a studio of artwork, and two novels on the shelf.  a leader, mentor and advocate of the team. a proponent of agile and its power to help teams fix problems and deliver value. ,
a talented programmer experience with a range of programming languages including c++, c#, java,  and objective-c. i have also worked with development environments including visual studio, eclipse and xcode. also i have experience with software tools including source version control software, such as tortoise svn, versions and cornerstone  30 published apps across various mobile platforms including ios, android and symbian^3   coming from a business development background i am self motivated, have a strong work ethic and have excellent communication skill. i also have experience of makerketing and selling my products.  specialties   unity games development. ios application development. android application development  c# programming and debugging objective-c programming and debugging c++ programming and debugging java programing and debugging experience with the following libaries  xna, .net, opengl, cocoa,cocoa touch framework, cocos2d, box2d,iphone sdk, android sdk 
passionate and committed software engineer with almost 5 years of experience developing ios apps (swift and objective-c). i love learning new technologies and finding solutions to complex problems. i strive for writing high quality, clean and maintainable code while meeting deadlines.  swift, objective-c, python(learning)  expertise    rest, json, google analytics, core data & realm, social media, ads, payment and in-app purchase integrations, instabug, google services, deep linking, gcd,    mvvm and mvc, tdd, auto layout and size classes.  continuous integrations and tools   agile environment     xcode ide
there is nothing better than to do applications/games for android and ios. as an ios developer, i work to unite technology and art to create innovative applications. coming from a marketing background i know what sells and what people want, but my passion is more in the creative realm than the business world. my love of travel and enthusiasm for new experiences has taken me on adventures around the world and provided a rich cultural background for my personal and professional development.   as a marketing manager, my work took me from italy to london and provided me with a wealth of knowledge and valuable experience. my nearly 3 years at cotto cusimano taught me leadership skills and professionalism that have served me well in my career.   after acquiring multiple certifications from google and coursera, and completing extensive ios app development training i have devoted myself fully to the exciting art of ios app design and development. my goal is to continue growing and using my creative vision to merge innovation with imagination to create unique experiences for users worldwide. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in ios and react native. strong engineering professional with a master of technology (mtech) focused in computer science from indian institute of technology, delhi. ,
connecting people.  creating impact. experienced senior global search recruitment consultant focusing on mobile developers recruitment in dublin and london, with client experience throughout europe.    deep understanding of complex technology organisations and successful at helping tech startups scale, while adding value & roi for our clients.  examples of exclusive/retained project work   - recruited 75% of a fdi scaling advertising technology company, since their inception and located in dublin.  allowing them to achieve    40mln+ revenue within 3yrs - set up of a new office in hungary, recruited a full agile mobile team (x 11 people) for a greenfield project, spanning 18 x countries.  completed within 3months. - fdi scale-up located in the uk, delivered on 8 x hard-to-fill requirements within 2 months  industries  mobile, fintech, saas, e-commerce, marktech, adtech, traveltech  benefits to clients - 90 day guarantee  - in-depth screening process to find    a players    for you (agile sourcing machine) - 88% of placed candidates stay with the employer longer than 18months - detailed market mapping and global reach - 95% client retention rate - with 500+ placements in the tech industry, we understand your business  benefits to candidates  - free cv & linkedin review  - 1-2hrs interview preparation coaching - career path review - access to pre-released opportunities  - direct, forthright communication to help you improve - with 6,500+ interviews conducted in the tech industry, we understand your career 
i'm a passionate senior software developer with extensive technical skills in mobile development. currently focusing on native ios (swift) and native android (kotlin, java) development.  what are you like, zeno  - you ask. well, i - love solving problems and getting things done with the highest quality, in a timely manner - am pragmatic - deeply care about code quality - am a keen advocate of great user experiences and beautiful, clean user interfaces - am detail oriented - am a team player while i can work independently just as well - love learning new things and sharing my experience with others - like to keep my code organised, be it mvvm, mvi, mvp, mvc, viper, clean architecture or whatever works for the team, although i have my preference      - do tdd, bdd and xp practices - a craftsman at heart - am loving swift and kotlin - probably the two greatest things since sliced bread      - am an expert in unit and ui testing - test me! - do reactive programming using rxswift, rxjava or friends and i'm an advocate of using this power responsively , zfoltin 
in 6 years, we have established our offices in new jersey(      us), sydney(      australia), nigeria(      africa), london (      uk) &       jordan, which ensured that we have created success for large & small businesses & took them to the next level.  why work with me   every designer/programmer has a template book. what makes us different is our people, and the customization that enhances our approach!$$  would you like a website/app that is easy to manage and saves you time  | is your poor & confusing digital presence holding back your business   if, yes! then you are on the right profile. sometimes people just need a shove in the right direction to find a better way of doing things! so with a few customizing touches, it can be even better, simpler, unique, professional and valuable  ) ***************************** how can i grow your business  | core capabilities -      putting your high-level ideas to the ground for better implementation with wireframes.      using agile | jira | confluence | slack | bitbucket | jenkins to manage & track customers      software development | from 12 years     mobile app development - objective-c | swift (1.0 - 4.2) | react.n | java     working in a waterfall environment in accordance to meet tight deadlines.     website design with fresh, easy and clear user-experience that convert your website       visitors to leads.     custom web development - angular | node.js | yii | react | javascript | blockchain | wordpress |                                                       view.js |  express.js | laravel     branding | graphic design | video | ux | ui | book design | logo | character | screenshots     mongodb | mysql | mariadb 
design and development of products and solutions using ios and web technologies. i have  been a developer, analyst and team lead on a variety of projects for over 15 years.  at gcd my focus has been on developing ios and android apps for a variety of clients. i work with our design team to deliver solutions that are intuitive and powerful, allowing users to get things done and enjoy the experience.  at openwave played a lead role working on products for the mobile telecom space. products include  amplicity and motify. amplicity allows mobile operators to engage directly with their customers as they browse the web. motify provides and end to end solution for multi-platform push notification that is tailored for mobile operators and their partners. i was the lead developer on both projects.   i am author or co-author of several patents in the mobile data space.
i started my career in ios development by freelancing. i am an ios developer with over six years developing applications for large firms, my experience focuses on security, api   s, fast and reliable code. i like sharing my expertise and knowledge with other team members and learning new things. 
eligible to work in the u.k. and e.u.   i'm a passionate developer who's dabbled in a wide variety of languages and other relative practises. i always appreciate a new challenge and i love owning the challenge to produce robust, resusable, and as easy to understand as possible results.   working on a wide array of projects, i'm happy to say that i have learned and grown a lot and that i am certain any role i take with any company, friend or colleague, i will prove to be a valuable asset.   i believe in reap the fruits of ones labour. to build your potential and accomplish as much as possible.   besides that, i'm a down to earth, friendly person who's gotten along with everyone met.   below is as brief list of the skills i've picked up       ios, objective-c, xcode, cocoa touch, frameworks, objective-c, swift.     ipad, ipod, iphone.     mvc
i'm a mac and ios software developer with over a decade of experience. i'm also proficient at icon, graphic and web design.  specialties  ios & mac development in swift & objective-c, ui/ux design, icon design ,
i am an senior ios developer who is passionate about building creative and unique mobile applications with best user experience.  i   ve worked with coca-cola, american express, becel lipton and some other sector leader companies.
i am open to new ios opportunities and am available from april 6th 2020 ,  an ambitious and conscientious senior ios developer who is seeking to enhance the development, communication, team working and problem-solving skills developed through my career and extra-curricular activities. , shyambhudia 
i am a highly dedicated and motivated individual  always enthusiastic to learn and have a keen eye for detail. i love working on products that delight people daily. i strive to do my best work and keep moving the needle forward. , sorinc03 ,
experienced ios / mobile developer, skilled at creating reliable ios and android apps. i can take a design specification and turn into an app on the app store. with my background in developing backend systems, i am a full-stack mobile developer. i also have a design background i have previously developed beautiful app ui's. currently looking for contract or remote permanent roles only.  i am experienced at using swift and objective-c to developer ios apps. i also have in-depth knowledge of java for android apps. i also have experience in developing desktop cocoa apps for macos. from my extensive coding background i have deep wealth of knowledge i can draw on to get projects completed.  i am very open-minded and i'm constantly trying to apply knowledge i've learnt to new technologies. (eg, using my knowledge of java to learn objective-c ) i also aim to make my work more efficient and fully embrace open-source solutions for these,  as well as creating my own tools to enhance the development cycle. ,
ambitious software developer with a love for ios development.  advocate of solid design principles in software development  experience  in swift 5.x, 4.x, 3.x     objective-c swiftui    cocoatouch      uikit     core graphics     core data     corevideo     coreimage     mapkit     corelocation     social framework     accounts     cameraviewcontroller     avplayer     facebook sdk     twitter sdk     swiftyjson     rxswift, rx cocoa, alamofire      rncryptor      model view controller (mvc)     model view viewmodel (mvvm) kotlin, android studio ,
ios developer currently doing my university placement year as an trainee ios developer at bbc news, working in a team responsible for developing, and maintaining public service apps to an audience of millions. 
french senior ios developer with over 20 years of software development experience with a strong focus on ui/ux development.   currently focusing on all things mobile  smartphones, tablets, ios, android (but my priority is clearly ios right now).  formerly  senior flex/air/flash developer  specialties  development, design, ios, iphone, ipad, swift, objective-c, cocoa-touch, ios sdk, java, android, xcode, appcode, photoshop
hi!  currently an ios developer working on arity   s mobile application in a scrum team.   previously compozed xp engineer specialising in pair programming, tdd and adhering to solid principles. my main work was with go & java spring backend api services. with use of kafka, cassandra, apigee and pcf.  i have a passion for mobile development, which i not only work in my day to day role. i also keep up to date with learning and building my own portfolio in my free time.   please feel free to reach out to me and we can discuss in more detail regarding my experience and expertise. i can also provide my c.v which contains more detailed information relating to my skill sets. 
ios developer with a strong focus in swift, love all things apple! , angusmul , highly experience ios-developer, with strong self study skills. , skyscanner 
ios engineer and swift compiler collaborator. passionate about writing high-quality and efficient swift code. enjoy working with low-level languages like c++ and x86 asm. , suyashsrijan , 
i am dutiful, responsible, precise, careful, communicative, smart and ambitious. i have great computer & analytical skills.   computer skills  operating systems  windows xp/7, ubuntu, macos. programming languages and web technologies  c, objective-c, swift, autoit scripting, html (theoretical). databases  sqlite (basics). coding software  eclipse luna, keil uvision, xcode (apple ios sdk), altera quartus 2. revision control software  git, svn. project management software  jira, redmine. engineering software  p-cad 2006, altium designer
having recently completed a 5 year undergraduate masters in physics with astrophysics at the university of edinburgh, i'm looking for a job in the technology industry in the future that combines my interests in technology and business. below you should find a link to my online cv. 
languages  swift, objective-c, c, javascript  technologies and tools   ios- rxswift, reactiveobjc, concurrency, cocoa touch, core animation, uikit, core data, autolayout, watchos, instruments, xcode, appcode, cocoapods, carthage
hello. thanks for visiting my profile. you are welcome to send me connection, but i will accept it only from people that i actually worked with.   currently working at facebook and not looking for new opportunities.
i am an ios engineer with a background in mechanical engineering.  i have designed and developed several ios apps written in swift from zero to version 1.0 with 3 published apps on the app store  idle, successontap and skyline sprint.  i aim to create intuitive user experiences whilst maintaining readable code and i am always eager to learn new skills. i am proficient in swift, xcode, sketch, git, coredata, cocoapods.   i am currently working at the appbusiness as an ios engineer. ,
royaume-uni , techno - managerial professional having more than 6 years of vast experience working as a project manager, mobile application developer.  an experienced, enthusiastic and professional software engineer specialising in ios app development. believes in producing robust, clean and maintainable code using industry best practices such as dependency injection, test driven development and separation of concerns. keen follower of software craftsmanship.  experience working in development teams globally using remote tools, as well as more traditional office based teams. mentored developers of a wide variety of skill levels/experience, and carried out many developer interviews.   management wise i have managed software development projects, taking care of estimation and budget, team skills and delivery by efficient resource planning and work allocation.  technically i come from software development. i have performed roles of project  manager, head of the application department. i have hands on experience working on development autonomously the host apps (ios + api   s). i have partnered with designers to help define and implement user interface. i have elaborated user stories, mock up screens and flow diagrams to help designing the solution. i have worked with team members on server-side integration.   i carry proactive, confident and with a positive  can-do  attitude. i am a great team player and practical solution finder. 
a software engineer with 20+ years it experience obtained across a range of different sized companies using various technologies on many platforms.  specialties   mobile applications, oracle database design and development,   some experience in   business objects, data exploration tools, html & jquery. 
i am a highly motivated ios developer and freelancer with a background in computer science and a strong passion for mobile technologies. i also have master   s degree in digital and creative media from dublin institute of technology where i specialised in mobile application development and received a first class honours. i have excellent verbal and written communication skills and can work well in teams of all sizes. i have a keen eye for ui/ux and actively follow new consumer facing technologies.  early in my career as a software developer, i found a strong affinity towards developing for apple's ios ecosystem. my years of development have allowed me to work with a wide variety of teams and individuals, honing my skills and expanding my knowledge of the platform. i pride myself on always putting all of my effort into any situation and aim to learn and develop my skills further through the industry. ,
simplicity is the keynote of all true elegance.   (coco chanel)  i'm a passionate developer specialised in mobile applications.  i entered in the world of programming by studying java and android and i have increased my knowledge with c# and fell in love with objective-c, ios development and now swift.  my goal is to master my professional skills in an agile environment, producing high quality software.
ios developer with an appreciation for technology and a motivation to create exceptional mobile applications.  ios software engineer, currently living in brighton, united kingdom. passionate about mobile applications, user experience, machine learning and iot.
i am an ios developer with knowledge of swift 5 and xcode 11. i have experience from initial design through wireframes and mockups, through development to publishing apps on the app store. i am also a qualified scrum master.
experienced ios engineer, passionate about user experience and building great products  self defence instructor tccc special forces course full driver licenses ios developer system architect 
am an extremely passionate and eager to learn ios developer. i have experience across education, retail, marketing and sport. my previous experience enables me to work with customers/colleagues to understand business requirements and help to translate them in to a realistic technical plan.  my learning at careerfoundry has given me a solid foundation in the fundamentals of ios development and since completing the course i have continued to develop my skills around using the ios sdk and other services such as google   s firebase and other websites using rest apis. 
contract ios developer working with companies and clients to create mobile apps for the iphone and ipad.  i have been designing and programming for 6 years. i have created three apps professionally from start to finish and for the last 7 months i have been working at a small speech therapy company as a developer as well as an ongoing project in my spare time. everything i have learnt, i have researched and studied passionately to ensure that i understand and can improve my skills as much as possible. ios programming is something i am motivated to work hard in order to get a career in this field. i look up to those who work in this industry and i'm motivated to learn what i can from people with more experience than myself. i strive in using new skills and rewriting code to keep it as maintainable as possible and see myself as a perfectionist.  i am able to bring ideas that appear fresh and new to apps and design as its something i have been working with for the last five years. 
accomplished and highly self-motivated senior software engineer with a solid record in owning and delivering high quality software solutions. passionate about ios & swift, polished user experiences and clean scalable software architecture. known as an open-minded    go-to    person with complete dedication to projects, understanding of end-user expectations and the need to liaise with stakeholders.  key technologies  ios, tvos, swift, swiftui, rxswift, typescript. 
professional software engineer with extensive experience developing mobile applications and frameworks. well versed in, and an advocate for, modern best practices that enable fast delivery. looking for new challenges to deliver world-class software that has meaningful impact on people   s lives. ,
passionate ios engineer & wwdc19 attendee with a history of success on the app store, including holding the top trending spot in the uk. graduated in with a first class degree from newcastle university.  as a lover of all things in the world of apple development, i'm always looking to expand my knowledge and share that with my colleagues and the wider community. wherever i have worked, i've driven enthusiasm into the platform and encouraged talks, conference visits, and monthly team meetings to share what we know best.  when not sharing with the community, i'm using the latest and greatest technology to build my personal apps, including a podcast player written entirely in swiftui and a popular catalyst app. 
22 years in software development, including business and games software.  the previous 8 years focused solely on native mobile development, with 10 apps live on the appstore, including business apps, music apps and games.  passionate about all things mobile, and a swift devotee.  also extensive experience in software design and game design, project management and scheduling.  design director for many years for large game development teams. 
ios developer currently working in both swift and objective-c ,i have a positive attitude towards everything which i believe will let me fit in quickly in any work place and motivate the others around me. my passion is to code and to solve problems. i love to code because it is a team effort, a whole team of people are connected to the practice. code touches every single person in the organisation and makes a difference to every single user that touches it. i   m a fast learner with a great experience with swift. 
driven and enthusiastic software engineer that delights in delivering valuable products to solve a genuine problem. i am constantly looking for opportunities to grow and challenge myself in an innovative and fast paced environment. my experience ranges from some of the world's largest organisation including rbs and shell helping shape the product road map by taking part in all aspects of project planning and delivery. 
a process cannot be understood by stopping it.  understanding must move with the flow of the process, i enjoy developing macos and ios apps in swift, integrating web services, and creating polished guis with a focus on great usability. i've managed many development teams, co- founded 2 startups and built and ran a solid software consulting business for 9 years, but my preference is to stay hands on with development. recently exploring crypto/blockchain development. some management is ok. , demianturner 
i work as ios software engineer at sky betting & gaming in leeds - the game changing betting company born out of sky. we   re aiming to be the uk   s best digital business, constantly innovating and with the mission to ensure players understand the potential risks associated with gambling, the rules around betting integrity, and know how to look out for signs of potential harm in their gaming.  my career in the mobile development industry started late  during my studies i worked a lot as systems integrator for small businesses and as c/c++ developer in many minor projects, which introduced me to the world of software development. i wasn't new to embedded platforms at the time but smartphones never got me as much as robotics or gpu development, until i did my internship with the s.i.a. in palermo. during my period as an intern, i developed a prototype for a modular and responsive native android app which laid the foundation of the official unipa app.  after almost a year as a freelance android developer, i was hired by mangoadv, which was in search of an ios developer. i didn't found any major issue in switching my main working platform and environment, i thought it was instead a stimulant opportunity to push further my career. i learned objective-c, swift, protocol oriented programming and i also developed many apps plus a sdk for mobile in-app advertising. that year as an ios developer engaged me so much that i put myself in play again, so i joined the first ever european developer academy founded and run by apple inc. in naples, where i learned how to embrace an agile environment and how modern companies work on ideas while bringing them to life.   my aim is now to become a wiser and better developer  project after project, solution after solution. i still work on what made me love the world of computers since i was a child (computer graphics and game development), but for the time being i am having a great time with mobile platforms so i think i'll save those skills for the next big shift in my career! , androstmm 
a london based developer specialising in native apps for apples ios, tvos and watchos platforms. he is regularly involved in integrating mobile apps with backend systems for both enterprise and commercial solutions and currently sits within uk marketplace product development as a senior ios engineer at just eat.  he previously lead the ios development at london start-up mipic, which won virgin   s pitch to rich innovation award 2014, and as a senior ios developer at deloitte digital, where he was the lead ios developers on deloitte digital   s pocketsales for ipad app which won the saleforce partner mobile innovation award 2014.  he maintains a keen interest in latest technology developments, spending his spare time engaging in projects and experiments to further develop his skills. to compliment his mobile expertise, he is proficient with animation and design software such as adobe flash, adobe photoshop and sketch. ,
experienced software engineer with overall 10+ years of professional experience. for the past 6 years my primary focus has been on ios.  languages, platforms, sdks   - ios  - cocoa  - swift  - objective-c  - java  - android  - javascript  skills - mobile architect - reactive programming - team leader - problem solver - analytical thinking  tools - fastlane - continuous integration (travisci, buddybuild, jenkins) - continuous delivery (testflight, hockey) - development tools (charlesproxy, git, cocoapods, etc..)  
i am a versatile ios developer with the ability to learn quickly, tackle difficult problems and to think outside of the current scope. i am flexible and can develop mobile applications through the full project lifecycle and assist in creating concepts and features that complement a business model and product needs.  key skills (years)   objective- c (6+ years), swift (4+ years)  i am proficient in most ios libraries including uikit, mapkit, avfoundation, ble, core data, unit tests and ui tests. i have extensive experience with core data, custom ui controls, media capture and consuming api   s including restful, 3rd party api   s and websocket api   s.
technical skills  - senior knowledge of  ios/osx sdk  cocoa and cocoa touch, uikit, ib/storyboard, size classes, auto layout and many ios/osx frameworks (some example below). - coredata (multithread, optimization), sqllite. - restful api interaction, json, xml, amazon aws. - mapkit and core location, google reverse geocoding api - ux, ui design and optimization, ui best practice and ios/osx hig, custom ui components using calayer, coregraphics. - ios and osx deep security problems understanding, advanced cryptography, anti-crack countermeasures and jailbreak detection.  - webkit, native dom inspection and manipulation. - ios extensions
brexiting (verb) /brekziting/ 1. telling everyone at the party that you are leaving, but actually staying.      i didn   t have enough time to write short code, so i wrote a long one instead.      there is a fundamental irony in a vr  company not allowing remote work.               running out of breath between the 'last gleaming' and 'whose broad stripes' in 'the star-spangled banner'. is it just me     last time i drove in germany i forgot we were supposed to drive on the wrong side of the road, thing is it didn't matter too much as i was driving a cheiftain mk10 mbt.....not sure if i had a green card.    waterfall vs. agile is a false dichotomy. they're both subtypes of business-driven engineering. it's like arguing for gonorrhea because  at least it's not syphilis .   if my profile picture resembles a 'square peg in a round hole' to you - that's what it is.   work from home to    - reduce your carbon footprint   - reduce your chances of getting coronavirus   - tbc ,
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the online media industry. skilled in f#, mobile applications, behavior-driven development (bdd), storyboarding, and html. strong engineering professional with a bachelor's degree focused in computer science from universidade federal do rio grande do sul. 
experienced ios engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the e-commerce and financial services industries. skilled in modern ios application development, user experience, mobile applications, and back-end application development. , ersentekin 
check out my apps on the app store   your home - an app to help manage expenses & shopping lists in a shared household. highlighted by apple in  this weeks favourites  september 2018  hiit it - a hiit timer app with gamification, that rewards you a with unlocks and achievements as you progress.  experienced ios developer with 5 years experience developing for ios and apple products.   highly motivated, with excellent technical intuition and ability to understand technical concepts and problems quickly. passionate about challenging myself and those around me to create great products for users & for the business. very confident in my proficiency with swift & objective c. ,
hey, i   m ben.       i   m an ios & swift engineer who loves building great products.   my passion for technology led me to learning software engineering whilst studying for my computing degree at bournemouth university. learning to code, nice coffee and a sandy beach     what's not to love   since then, i've moved to london and have been working on apps such as tesco groceries, tesco scan pay go, and jack's shop smart at kin + carta create. as well as writing code, i enjoy collaborating with my teammates helping to shape the roadmap, features and design of the products i work on.  i also like working on my own apps too     in 2018 i shipped barcode scanning app called code scanner which now has  - 500+ monthly users - 20,000+ barcodes scanned - 50+ 5-star reviews on the app store - an average rating of 4.7 stars  currently i'm making the world work better at kin + carta create. if you'd like to know more, feel free to tap me up!      , gilroyben ,
co-organiser at swmobile (largest mobile meetup group in the south west of the uk). speaker at nslondon (2018), swiftheroes (2018), iosdevuk (2018)  specialties  ios, swift, objective c, react native, arkit, scenekit, cocoa, android, kotlin, java, c++, php, sql ,
senior ios developer with several years experience developing ios applications. has been responsible for maintaining, developing and analysing mobile applications for one of brazil   s largest banks, bradesco, amongst other companies (nova schin, ig futebol, imovelweb and ibm). has a strong interest in software engineering and learning about new technologies and implementation (rfid, nfc and ibeacon). ,
i am an ios developer with over 3 years experience.   recently, i worked  for sup as ios engineer. during my latest experience, my contribution helps sup to be featured multiple times on the homepage of uk appstore.  as a developer, i like to play with different technologies on a mobile platform such as ios and android.  graduated in june 2015 with master's degree in computer science from epitech. i also have a digital innovation for business certificate from hec paris.  feel to free to add me on linkedin. ---- french recruiters, i don't want to lose your times and my times. i'm not actively looking for a job in france. ,
hey! i'm a london-based ios engineer, currently working at santander uk. i have built and iterated on over 45 apps utilising a wide range of technologies, and across multiple sectors, including e-commerce, ride-sharing, social networks and community-based apps.  previous to software engineering, i pursued a career in finance in the us & the uk, with tenures as an investment analyst at several world-renowned financial organisations. in 2014, i graduated with a 1st class honours in accounting and finance. , boolerang 
professional model turned programmer for love of technology. deep learning enthusiast.  current resume  file/1ihr2bks#osx-qurs6knf6mv976miq0iokbff0cy6kncnqr3nvoi  currently looking for ios development positions. , brotecs technologies ltd. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. worked on a range of applications on the app store for some of the biggest brands. including tesco groceries, met office weather & natwest bankline mobile. 
i'm a software engineer with seven years of experience specialising in apple and frontend technologies. i am currently studying msc software engineering with foundations of machine learning at the university of manchester. before this, i was working as a senior software engineer at phonepe, india's payments app.   i am available to start part-time immediately and can work full time from the date i submitted my dissertation (5th september 2020) and have an option to apply for a sponsored working visa in conjunction with an employer.  cv - 
i have more than 5 years of commercial ios development.  i create apps with   - secure and good structure. mvp, mvvm, viper, clean swift (vip). - properly architecture. refactoring and patterns. - unit test and/or tdd. - docs for further support and development.  - all stages of development. prototyping, dev, testing and publishing. - sync work of many of developers. - decrease expenses for support.  mainly worked in agile and scrum environments, using jira, confluence, version control.  languages i use   swift 5, objective-c, c, c++, python and a few others. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer games industry. skilled in os x, python, perl, php, and netbeans. strong engineering professional graduated from open universify. 
highly competent, hands-on developer with over ten years    experience working in different technical roles across various market sectors. throughout this time, i have developed strong knowledge of object-oriented design and the paradigms of mobile and web application development. i am a purveyor of industry best practices and believe in creating the best possible user experience in all software i produce.  having spent over six years working with the ios and android sdks, i have been able to transform the processes and practices of mobile application projects into a full continuous integration/continuous delivery environment, making the most of tools such as jenkins, git, xctool, and fastlane, to name a few. i can quickly fit into existing development teams, engage with clients to understand their bespoke requirements, or even architect a completely greenfield project.  outside of sdks, my passion for technology extends to motorsports where i built my own group n rally car, and frequently compete in national rally events. 
ios development skills       have an excellent understanding of the ios sdk (experience in using swift and xcode) as well as using third party libraries using cocoapods (parse, sdwebimage, alamofire). i have worked in an agile team with other developers and designers to create a social network app. i have also used numerous ios frameworks, including foundation, uikit, avfoundation (for recording, saving and playing audio) and parse (for saving audio data in the cloud, then segregating and retrieving it when requested) to create my own apps. i have worked on the full life-cycle of apps, from conception to launching on the app store.  core technologies used   xcode (for all ios development) - swift - rest api   s - json (accessing and manipulating json data) - git (for source control) source tree (a git ide which supports gitflow) - model view controller (design patterns) - cocoapods (dependancy manager) - data persistence (nsuserdefaults) - agile scrum methodology - cloud integration (parse) - debugging - story boards and auto layout - sketch (ui / ux design) - trello - activel involved in all aspects of the product lifecycle - deployment of ios apps on the appstore ,
royaume-uni , public ios applications   1. site by parmo-robotics 2. fire by parmo-robotics 3. tale by parmo-robotics 4. sort by parmo-robotics 5. face by parmo-robotics 6. mask by parmo-robotics 7. cast by parmo-robotics 8. find by parmo-robotics 9. hunt by parmo-robotics 10. dive by parmo-robotics 11. neat by parmo-robotics 12. pond by parmo-robotics ,
have more than 6 years of experience in ios app development. also worked on finance app which stored the digital wallet.   key skills are swift, objective c, android, angular js 
wide range of expertise in software engineering including    - agile, scrum, continuous integration - jira, confluence, crucible + fisheye - github enterprise, bitbucket, git flow - jenkins, teamcity  experience with an array of platforms and languages   - ios application development  - android application development - javascript development (including nodejs) - java development (including spring framework, jetty) - android platform development (aosp) - c#.net, xna - c++/c - web-based cross-platform mobile applications - windows phone 7 & 8 application development 
current main skills   ios development 11+ years. first iphone app in the app store, october 15th 2008 cocoa touch, cocoa, xcode, objective c, swift, c/c++ os x since 1998 (rhapsody developer release 2) and mac os since 1986  previous main skills  java, java swing, java beans, ejbs, jsps and servlets, netbeans, eclipse sun certified java programmer for the java 2 platform 1.2 , jgsjames ,
i have worked with teams of various sizes and developed skills in building products in an agile manner, developed analytical abilities and prototyping techniques. i love clean, modular, scalable and maintainable code written to be reliable in all conditions. ios is my platform of choice.
highly experienced and skilled iphone app developer with a strong background in current industry technologies. proven ability to work independently or as part of a team. designed mobile ui, built mobile applications and published them on apple app store and google play store. 
experienced developer with 15+ years in the industry, including over 6 years developing ios and macos apps in objective c and swift. worked on enterprise b2b ipad apps for large companies  i have a fundamental knowledge of foundation, cocoa touch, uikit and coredata among others.  my last role was contracting for the digital agency conker on complex b2b ipad apps for a large blue-chip company, used by their reps across 20 territories in europe and africa. originally employed on a 1 month contract to help them out of a difficult situation, this was continuously extended until my contract finally ended in 2018, over 4 years.  with a mix of strong technical skills, a passion for design and usability, excellent literacy and communication skills and an effective team worker, i am confident i would be a great fit within your organisation. ,
royaume-uni ,     around 5  years of extensive iphone development (objective-c) experience as well as 3.5 years of java experience. also have experience in android mobile development. experienced in scrum methodology and design patterns.     tech lead for tap fish2 (iphone), ranked #1 multiple times in free apps and top grossing charts on usa app store, with more then 10 million downloads.      passionate for learning new tools and technologies, hardworking. good skills in problem solving and designing algorithms.     lead multiple teams to deliver quality products. extensive experience in working as technical team lead for projects as well as mentoring of junior resources for producing quality code.     proven track of meeting expectation of us clients (most of them were start-ups companies and ceos being graduates from mit, stanford and former employees of google and microsoft) ,
ios developer with a demonstrated history of building commercial swift apps consuming restful and graphql apis. experienced using various related technologies  git, xcode, cocoapods  etc.  bachelor of science in computer science from the university of leeds. focused in mobile development, concluding with research in ios development for use in education.
i   m a ios engineer specialising in swift who   s passionate about the entire development process from the initial planning to the final deployment. i   m a natural communicator and have years of experience working cross functionally within the tech sphere. i   m an early adopter of new technologies and management methodologies.
ios developer with a passion for building the next generation of ios apps with swift and xcode.  known for great problem solving abilities, meticulous attention to detail and a creative flair. ,
i   m an ios developer with +4 years of expertise building mobile apps, and +10 years experience in software engineering, currently working among a big team of talented developers to create some sports apps at pulselive, a sony company.
developing native ios apps in swift  ,experienced ios developer with over 15 years experience working in the it industry. skilled in mobile development, management information systems (mis), business intelligence.
i am a committed and creative individual in software development with an ambitious drive. ability to think through a problem coupled with the confidence to make ideas heard. organised, methodical and a keen eye for detail results in solid coding and trustworthy software programmes. understanding client requirements and communicating the progress of projects are core values in achieving long lasting business relationships. ,
i am only passionately curious.  ios developer specialising in swift. more than 5 years of experience developing ios/tvos/watchos applications.   - proficient in a variety of areas within the corporate legal and business management & marketing sector. 
software developer for over 20 years in a number of industries from space and defence to broadcast and finance.  for the last 15 years i've focused exclusively on ios and mac os x. i specialise in building technically complex, network connected apps from inception to delivery or taking on existing code bases and dramatically improving stability and performance.  i'm equally at home taking on a project independently or leading a team of top developers while working closely with product management, ux and qa. ,
available for new opportunities immediately.  10+ years experience working in mobile development on a number of different projects across a several different business domains.   key skills  swift, objective-c, xcode, tdd, carthage, cocoapods, fastlane, ci/cd, git, svn , lkhammer 
first class honours computer science graduate. a well cultured individual having been born and raised in dubai for 18 years. a hard-working and well organised developer with diverse experience across fields. proven specialist skills including technical developer, leadership, client-communication and decision making. aspiring innovation artist. hungry to learn. ,
experienced mobile software engineer specialising in mobile accessibility. experience in swift, objective-c, android, java api & cloud infrastructure. varied background in sales, management and i have a bachelor of arts focused in politics and communication studies from university of liverpool. ,
i am involved and skilled in the core development, analysis, design, deployment, and implementation of swift and objective-c projects with good hands.   i have the ability to deliver the projects single-handed.  i am an effective team member with the ability to adapt to meet the needs of an ever-changing environment. i have the ability to communicate at all levels without overcomplicating technical aspects. i am well motivated, always striving to improve performance and knowledge and keen to achieve team goals and targets within the allotted time frames.  specialties  languages/technologies/frameworks  swift 4.0, objective-c, c, c++, libsqlite3, storekit, facebook/twitter integration, apns, json, sqlite, sql, coredata
ios developer with good swift experience. self-thought and with good understanding of apple`s ecosystem.  i   m passionate about learning new technologies and i   m very comfortable with swift as well as with all the standard frameworks (uikit, coredata, mapkit, ...). i'm fluent with git. i use tower and postmen. striving under pressure  and able to get the job done. good team player and very sociable.  i like   - to work on good quality, clean architecture and clean code applications - diversity and challenges that trigger me and make me grow faster - to create and to enjoy the results. ,
a highly skilled software professional with over 15 years experience. a team player with a proven ability to communicate at all levels with both internal and external partners and, keen and quick to adopt the latest technologies to the advantage of projects i work upon.  skills     mobile software  6 years in ios      programming  15 years in objective c, swift, c/c++, visual c++, brew      worked in agile scrum environment using jira for project management      for version control used git, perforce and svn.     very good knowledge of software engineering principles and design patterns      good understanding of continuous integration process using jenkins.     unit test development using sentestingkit and ocmock frameworks. 
i am an enthusiastic and adaptable ios developer. i have been programming for 10 years and have developed a number of ios applications from idea to release. i have worked in finance as part of large interbank teams and on dating and commercial betting applications. 
hi, i have high interest in the latest technology, such as the implementation of arkit, mlkit, and already have 8+ years experience as developer in technology industry.       3+ years of ios app development using swift & objective-c     8+ years of work experiences in the tech industry - network storage, odm, and mobile software proficient in writing clean, maintainable and reusable codes     knowledge of bash scripting and linux system with 3+ years of cloud storage firmware testing     proficient in building, integrating, testing & supporting ios applications for mobile & tablet devices 
i was born somewhere in the middle east, spent my childhood in germany and my adulthood in the uk. in between all of that, i spent a year working in silicon valley and graduated with a first class degree in bsc computer games programming from the university of huddersfield.   i'm one of the founders at hayah, a company where i took a simple concept and brought it to life by planning, researching, designing, architecting, and developing everything around it, together as a two-man team.  in the past, i have worked as a senior developer to create mobile apps for ios and android as well as developed backend apis using node.js.   i have experience in       native ios. swift, objective-c      cross-platform app development for ios and android. axway/appcelerator titanium sdk using javascript      backend api development. node.js, mongodb, neo4j      mobile ui/ux design. sketch, photoshop 
i am actively open to get a new job opportunity for any kind of project now.           i always try to find the best solution for your problems.           i enjoy making things simple and writing clean codes.           i am hunger in learning new technologies and techniques.          my time is valuable and your time too.           work history summary      5 year, remote freelancing, 20+ projects     web front-end & back-end development     android & ios app development     computer vision     video / audio / image processing     google actions, amazon alexa, line clova         technologies            programming languages     html5, css, scss     javascript, python, php, ruby     kotlin, swift, c++      frameworks & libraries     react, vue.js, angular, reactnative     node.js, express, django, flask
i am a self-taught ios developer with a strong understanding of the swift programming language and passion for developing software.  i am the creator of the app store published violin bow hand coach and stacktracker apps, currently studying swift and developing a language learning application after working as an assistant language teacher in japan for three years and obtaining n2 level japanese within two and half years.   i am an ambitious and unrelenting student, currently trying to master the violin, japanese, chess, stock market investing and computer programming. 
experienced lead software engineer, up-to-date and interested with most new and upcoming  mobile technologies - currently specialising in ios application development  specialties    - ios application development - including watchos and tvos (swift / objective-c) - agile methodologies   additional interests   - ci/cd in mobile apps - tdd in mobile apps , kannanprasad87 
highly skilled ios developer with 8 years of objective-c and 5 years of swift experience handles the creation of complex, user-focused software applications at the highest level of quality and efficiency for the ios, tvos, watchos and ipados platform.      has profound knowledge of writing unit test, ui test to ensure code quality, performance, stability, responsiveness of the application and has previously implemented and maintained ci/cd pipelines using tools such as fastlane, cicleci, gitlab.    experienced using restful web services, mapping json responses into model objects and serializing them to the file system with coredata, integrating push notifications or in-app purchases with using apple official tools like xcode, interface builder, instruments. ,
ios developer experienced in building scalable and maintainable ios applications using swift and objective c, using the best practices such as mvvm and tdd.
i've been developing native ios apps in swift since its release and i instruct a highly regarded course on udemy called mastering table views. i also provide private ios tutoring in my free time and occasionally cohost the popular fireside swift podcast. ,
i'm an ios developer continuously gaining experience in a wide range of technologies and techniques.  previously i earned a degree with first class honours in computer science with professional practice at brunel university london, in which i achieved the highest grades in the department.
mobile development, video-gaming, blockchain and general tech enthusiast looking to share ideas and develop software projects with equal minded people.  currently interested in / working with ios (swift), android (kotlin), ethereum and server side swift. 
senior ios developer at flipside group from march 2017 developing iphone and ipad applications for top clients.  until march 2017 was ios developer at tellybug   i worked on interactive 2nd screen apps for bbc and itv television shows including the x-factor, britain's got talent, the voice and international localised versions for asia, portugal, poland, denmark, greece and other localisations. developer of the allemod1 ios app for denmark tv show in 2016 and the finland version in 2017 (this app has just been released for the tv series just started in finland, called    kaikkivastaan1   .  developed a game in phaser for the 2015 i   m a celebrity ios and android apps, and an initial trial ios app for bbc beat the brain tv show which featured a large number of games built in, all developed in phaser to run in webviews inside the ios app. have worked on various other apps for other tv shows during the last 4.5 years.  experienced in objc and swift 3, rest/json. good knowledge of  use of twitterkit, fabric, crashalytics, flurry, google analytics, storekit
organised, collaborative and highly skilled ios developer with 6 years of professional experience in dynamic work environments, i take ownership of designing and developing various ios apps from the grounds up to the store. i   ve released 20+ apps in domains like hospitality, housing, automotive, sports, gambling, compliance & audit. 
over 11 years commercial experience creating online and offline mobile multimedia applications  9 years ios development  building iphone application's incorporating the use of multiple areas of the ios sdk. particularly working with serialisation formats to consume web services and work with in app maps, drawing with coregraphics and data management with coredata.  2 years flash/actionscript development    mostly working with large scale e-learning development for clients such as ufi and cambridge university press.
swift developer with a passion for writing clean, readable, self-documenting code. personal app featured as the no.1 new app in the uk app store in two categories. 
my passion is how to apply technology to create better products that provide some value to final users. i am more interested about new frameworks/apis and their potential uses in real life than the improvements in a programming language or the pure technical implementation. , ipablolondon ,
senior ios developer with bsc(hons) 2 1 in computer science with software engineering.  twelve years professional experience in mobile software development  starting my career with embedded controllers and j2me, moving to android and ios from their inception, and latterly focusing on and specialising in ios app development.  i enjoy working collaboratively with pos, bas, designers, to see projects from their beginnings through to completion, and completing them to the highest possible standard. ,
in 7 years building apps for the iphone & ipad, i've had the opportunity to work on many diverse projects  from medical research apps & streaming radio players to dating apps. i've developed with various different technologies including bluetooth connectivity, signed rest api requests, firebase, cloudkit and more. i have designed, developed & published over 50 of my own apps and i   m proud to say that every year over 1,000,000 individuals download and enjoy a product that i   ve built. ,
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in ios, cocoa, swift, objective-c, and xcode. strong engineering professional with a bsc hons in physics from university of york. , johnmartinward ,
versatile, highly skilled and experienced full stack software developer with 18 years of experience and a proven track record in web, mobile and iot projects.    i have extensive experience in delivering end-to-end, turnkey mobile products (database     backend     front end) from design to deployment on short time lines. i am also comfortable and have experience working in larger, corporate / agency development teams. i have published over 50 ios / android apps and have published live systems and web sites. 
ios engineer en busuu con 1 a  o de experiencia personal en swift. apasionado por lo que hago y cada d  a con ganas de avanzar m  s. ninguna ma  ana es dura si te gusta lo que haces. entusiasta de viajar y descubrir nuevos lugares. 
experienced mobile lead with a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry, having worked on major projects for ftse 100 companies.    skilled in mobile applications, ios, and objective-c. , theswiftmonkey 
i have 10 years of professional software engineering experience with different technologies like  native ios apps using swift & objective-c,  android apps with java & kotlin and building small-scale mobile games with unity3d using c#. recently, i have been focusing on react-native using typescript.
(mobile platform application + web server development + 10 years experiences )  ,i'm very passionate about technology , software and hardware , my performance is a reflection and extension of my inherently social and inquisitive nature. the services i provided throughout my career has an obvious value and has seasoned and spiced my life with a diverse collection of long and strong friendships and self satisfaction. both my personal and professional lives contribute to my hunger for perspectives on life from all over the world. from current events, to family, and cultural riches, getting to know people around the world and becoming familiar with their perspectives on all kinds of topics, contributes enormously to both the intellect and the spirit     with my only rule to remain as open as possible to all perspectives. 
results-oriented ios software developer and research professional with 19 years experience in it and 4 last years mainly of ios development. i also have an experience in graphics and design. all this make my goal to create software with the user in mind, creating applications with a useable and intuitive user interface experience.   i am constantly striving to learn new technologies and look to ways to better myself in this rapidly changing industry.
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in ios development with a keen eye on backend development using go, elixir or ruby. strong engineering professional with a bsc software development with web programming focused in it from university of wales, cardiff. , jorj_manc ,
a computer science technologist with confident computing skills and a driven desire to succeed. i have completed my final year studying bsc computer science at the university of hertfordshire graduating with a first class honours.   throughout my time at university, i focused on software development modules and completed a final year project developing an ios mobile application implementing the use of location services and social networking.   i then got a graduate ios developer position for ink global. after working with ink in a graduate position for 8 months, i was granted a promotion and continued to work on multiple projects developing the latest ios applications to be used within the airline industry.  in seeking to further my skills and experience, in 2016, i joined nodes. an agency focused on delivering high quality mobile applications. here i can gain more experience developing on many different types of applications. ,
senior ios developer with over 7 years experience in professional roles. with a strong working knowledge of both swift and objective c.  currently i work with shopkeep on one of the top ipad point of sale platforms in the usa. working with cross functional teams between their belfast and new york offices. at shopkeep we follow agile practices and continually strive to optimise the development process.   in 2019 i created an advanced video course on ios development which was funded by packt publishing  `advanced ios development with swift 4.x`    in the past i have worked with walgreens on their customer and internal applications. a startup with its innovative and award winning ideas, and a creative agency curating apps to break the mould.   as a hobby i am currently maintaining an app called podcast alarm, which allows users to wake up inspired with their favourite podcasts. it's a profitable project that is enjoyed by hundreds of paying customers (podcastalarm.app). i have made and released other apps in the past, most notably, gifable (gifableapp.com) which has had thousands of downloads since i released it in october 2017. i enjoy working on my own projects which further develop my skills and plan to release more of my work throughout 2020. , johnyjwilson 
mobile software architect and engineer, expert in all sdlc, applying the most advanced tools, best practices, design patterns, bdd/tdd and devops  technology evangelist helping teams to improve and deliver the best of the best  expert in translating business requirements into technical solutions with an innovation mindset with excellent awareness of new technologies and a solid grasp on the full engineering stack. , kasros ,
looking for sponsors, not a job!   i can change  the world with the ideas described below   1. i know what device to build in apple watch which will extend human's life 2. i have an idea for facebook dating part, which will change the dimensions of meeting someone beautiful on the street - iwatch + iphone 3. i know how to save time of the women when they pick up clothes, but i need big resources to accomplish this mission - application and one another thing  ) 4. i've found out how the governments of all countries around the world can win a lot of money from the gas stations - it's not an application 5. i found a way to help to old people who walk in the heats - associated with google or apple maps. 6. i know how to clean the air from dust which comes from outside the window  } 7. i found a way how to stop all suicidal bombers around the eu!!! 8. i know how to detect the rain that will fall down in next minutes. ,
i am a keen developer that enjoys a challenge and learning new things.   over 7 years commercial experience in full stack web development and approaching 2 years in ios mobile application development.   i am always taking on new challenges and pushing my boundaries as a developer, learning new things and applying them to projects to help businesses streamline and automate their processes.  i am also a udacity project reviewer. as a udacity project reviewer, i review student project submissions, striving to give actionable and helpful feedback.
with over 9 years of software development experience, mostly as mobile developer, i begin working with ios sdk 3.0 building native apps in 2009. since then mobile technology has changed very quickly and i have had the opportunity to continue studying and improving my skills and expertise to learn and discover new techniques. i enjoy implementing new and cool features, embracing new challenges and finding the best ways to solve complex problems in order to better myself as a mobile developer.    iphone developer (8 years)     c/objective-c /  cocoa touch     swift     xcode/interface builder/ storyboard     core data     mapkit /  location services     storekit - in app purchases     push notifications, in app notifications     phone memory management & instruments (memory leak determination, arc)     data compression     address book framework     internationalization and localization     core motion framework     avfoundation framework - qr code     mixare - augmented reality engine      firebase  android developer (2 years)       eclipse / android studio     fragments     in-app billing     maps android api     location and sensors apis     sqlite3 / ormlite     ksoap2     xml/rpc     wi-fi peer-to-peer     ndk  web      symfony     drupal  programming lenguajes       c++      c#     objetive-c     swift     java      php.  data base manager system      mysql     postgres     sqlite     db2 ide     xcode     android studio     eclipse     visual studio  operate systems      linux     mac os x. 
i am a developer focused on mobile applications, with a broad skillset in ios development. i like to build useful and intuitive tools that help people.  i have been developing mobile apps for a number of years as a hobby. in 2015, i decided to make it a career. i completed my master's degree in mobile application design from the university of kent with distinction, receiving the highest overall grade from my group. i then started working at chelsea apps factory, a company that enables enterprise clients to fully take advantage of what mobile has to offer.   prior and during my master's degree, i worked with a school that taught english as a foreign language (efl), working to support international students aged 11 - 17 in a residential environment. 
experienced ios app developer with chart-topping and featured apps on the app store. developing for ios since 2015, and currently creating cross-platform apps (ios, watchos, macos, and tvos). bachelor of science (bsc) in computer science. 
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry. skilled in ios development , web services and database designs. strong engineering professional with a msc. software development focused in computer science from coventry university. 
ios developer ,25+ years of development experience across many platforms  telecomms, mobile, desktop, server, web and embedded, many languages  including c/c++, swift, objective-c, javascript, php and sql  coupled with a passion for design. ,
software developer with 4 years commercial experience. i specialize in ios development.  i motivate my self to complete a task reliably with confidence. i never hesitate to give a helping hand to my colleges under critical circumstances, also guiding them whenever appropriate. 
a rapidly expanding digital market, with new advances almost each day, makes the understanding of the creativity of databases, networks and how it affects such large industries an exciting prospect. apps and web applications have become a focal point of online marketing, engaging with customers and advertising through these easily available and high performance additions online has been very successful and i pursue to further extend my knowledge in developing such applications.   attaining a first class honours degree in computer science has prepared me well for a position in technology related programmes. the fact that throughout the three years i have worked on several coding languages, especially html5, swift and java and using my own initiative and doing several independent researches, i have attained a wide range of skills which will be essential in any given role. ,
senior ios developer with 10+ years experience working in corporate and startup environments. cto experience on a multi-award winning startup. developed 20+ mobile apps for high profile clients such as clearscore, john lewis, uk government, vodafone mclaren mercedes, virgin media, cadbury or whiskas. passionate about continuous learning and developing core skills to apply clean architecture with code that is easy to understand, easy to test and easy to maintain. extensive experience working in cross-functional teams with a positive can-do attitude and a strong work ethic. ,
currently working with ios 10 swift language and objective c. creating working apps for mobile devices.  writing, producing, mixing and mastering music, setting up   business and getting them to a successful level.  specialties  music creation, writing producing, mixing and mastering sound. music business, ios programming , klavardesign 
senior ios developer with 5+ years industry experience and 3 applications live on the app store.  throughout my life, i have held a keen interest in software development and strive to keep up to date with the latest in technological advancement. i am an msc-educated software engineer who has worked on several projects as a senior ios developer, a field that i am looking to continue pursuing. thus i am currently seeking suitable projects on a contract basis. 
i have around fifteen years of experience in software development. i have worked both in industry and in research. currently, at deloitte, i have been developing enterprise ipad and iphone apps for different  companies. i am a certified scrummaster and uses agile processes to develop apps for the clients. i have done my msc in artificial intelligence and bsc in computer science.  i have keen interest working on innovative solutions. as a side project i have been developing innovative ios keyboard for fivetiles.com. in past i have developed an android and ios app called aestheticodes to recognise beautiful drawings as computer recognisable markers.   currently i am using swift programming language to develop an enterprise app for a client. i am using swift language to learn different aspects of functional programming.  i regularly attend several technology meetups in london, united kingdom to explore new trends in technology, to meet other people and broaden my knowledge. ,
do whatever it takes to reach your dreams.  inside the digital landscape ambition and enthusiasm play a pivotal role in taking on new challenges and bringing ideas to life. as a mobile architect, i enjoy contributing to the design and development of distributed systems that bring these ideas to life. a passion for ubiquity my strengths lie in providing user-friendly experiences on mobile devices that fit ubiquitously into the environment, communicating and interacting with back-end systems. practical experience alongside a high standard of education combined with the internet of things provides me with the knowledge and tools to remain relevant. ,
software engineer and entrepreneur with 20+ years experience delivering innovative products and solutions to global brands in the mobile, digital marketing, learning and development and games development sectors.   skills contract ios app developer swift, swiftui, objective c,  6+ years  cross platform mobile app developer ios & android 3+ years  start-up ceo dominic has started and run companies in the digital marketing technology and games development sectors.   project management managed and delivered 10 digital projects for global brands and advertising agencies. managed and delivered 100+ game skus for global games publishers  technical management hired and managed over 100 multi-disciplined technical staff.  experienced studio head with 50+ staff with a global client base experienced team lead - managing internal, external and remote developers with agile processes  business development generated leads and closed sales in all my businesses from   150k digital marketing contracts to   5m+ game development contracts. start-ups took 15secondtv from idea to a service used by global media giants achieved roi 1000%  exits. sold syrox developments to the climax group in 2000 at the time europe's largest independent game developer 
i am a passionate and creative ios developer with critically acclaimed corporate and gaming apps released to appstore. , moneybox 
full-stack developer with a current focus on native ios development in swift / objective c.    i am an it professional with over 16 years experience spanning all stages of the software project lifecycle in educational, commercial and enterprise solutions. i also have experience working with startups, and have co-founded and launched my own startup as cto at dash pm ltd.  my background covers a range of technologies, programming languages and architectures, ranging from native desktop apps, complex large-scale java / j2ee / soa enterprise applications, to end-to-end development of mobile ios applications both server and client side.    i have worked in client-facing consultant roles spanning development, technical leadership, system design, performance testing and technical / solution architecture. i have many years experience working in development teams of all sizes.  specialties  ios / cocoa / uikit, objective c, swift, uml, java, soa, sql, oracle, spring, j2ee
experienced mobile developer for ios and android, advanced web application developer and system architect.  an experienced application developer/it professional with an msc. (distinction) in computing  software technology and with very effective and proven leadership skills involving managing, developing and motivating individuals and teams to achieve laid-out objectives. a passion for new technologies and able to easily and fully understand and work with such technologies within a very short space of time, striving always for improvement expert knowledge and experience in design, development and implementation of intelligent client solutions, leading to suitability in analysis and easy understanding of a wide range of problem domains, further leading to effectiveness at proffering adequate and efficient solutions using industry-proven methodologies, also actively involved in the complete software development life cycle  a broad understanding of computers both from the hardware and software point of view, including installation, configuration, management, troubleshooting, and support  ability to work on own initiative and as part of a team, demonstrating excellence in extensive strategy formulation and risk analysis.  tact and rational with an excellent ability to interact effectively with people at all levels enthusiastic and passionate about expanding own skills and driving new ideas and innovative initiatives forward and the ability to cope with fast-paced and constantly changing environments , pimisi ,
private chef turned junior software engineer. skilled in ruby, ios development, mysql, ruby on rails, and swift. seeking my first full time role as a junior developer in london. ,
mobile software developer with experience developing native legacy objective-c applications and swift applications. i also have a keen interest in ui/ux design and software architecture.      experience managing and mentoring junior engineers     native ios software developer (objective-c & swift)     hybrid flutter android/ios developer (dart)     developed applications while applying common architectural patterns such as mvp, mvvm, and viper     reactive programming using the rxswift & combine frameworks     some past experience with c#, c++, and java (games development frameworks)     familiar with consuming restful api   s and building decoupled networking layers     history with developing games & 3d graphics engine development     proficient using git version control     experience with devops and maintaining ci (circleci, travis ci)     understanding of apple code signing and app submission process (adhoc, enterprise, app store, etc)     experience using fastlane tools to manage certificates and provisioning profiles and automate the build process     proficient at writing unit tests and maintaining high code coverage 
i'm a senior ios dev and have worked on key projects for large and small clients. experienced to an accredited level with aws. working with google/analytics, and firebase with push notifications, gitlab, jenkins c.i. and content management systems. psm i level udemy course completed with scrum cert prep, scrum master & agile scrum training. 
i'm an ios developer with +3 years of experience. i've been developing different ios mobile applications and sdks. solid experience  ios core technologies, objective-c, swift.  i'm a person who is looking for new challenges whether in my career path or personal life. ,
experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. strong engineering professional skilled in mobile applications, ios, swift, objective-c, python, ruby, linux, continuous integration, aws, rest, 
software engineer, whose qualifications include a master   s degree in software engineering and a degree in computer science with business management.     developed a new 99% swift banking app for a client bank of deloitte digital. this app enables users to easily understand and manage their money.     developer on bskyb's sky+ app. with this, bskyb subscribers anywhere can see what's on and have their sky+ box record it immediately, so it's waiting when they get home.     code reviewer on bskyb's sky go app, an award-winning mobile video service for bskyb subscribers.     was the lead ios developer on the  simply tap  app, an extremely easy and intuitive uk mobile commerce app by the mobile money network.     was one of three developers on a project to expand scb india's  breeze  app, now giving a wide range of mobile banking services to scb india customers.     researched, designed, built, and maintained the official iphone app of city university london, entirely solo.     has extensive experience with objective-c, c, and java programming, and significant experience with c++, html, php, css, web services
i'm an ios contractor, looking for a contract.  i am a software developer with more than eight years professional experience developing native iphone and ipad apps. during this time i have held senior developer positions, working as part of a team and as a sole developer, producing applications for a wide variety of blue chip clients including disney, everything everywhere, ford and the england football association.   i have extensive experience working within common project management methodologies such as agile and scrum and implementing common software lifecycle management systems such as continuous integration with jenkins, git and crashlytics.  i understand the importance of producing robust, maintainable and testable software, and practice bdd and tdd using  automated functional ui testing with cucumber, appium and ruby, and unit testing with specta/expecta. 
senior mobile developer with 7 years experience specializing in developing native ios apps. overall 9 years experience as software developer with previous knowledge as java backend developer.  enthusiastic about learning and adapting to new technologies and applying them in mobile apps. fluent with researching and providing effective and robust solutions to the technical problems. previous co-founder and tech lead. released successful application features by apple and in many tech blogs (peek calendar).   fields on interest       mobile technology,     mobile computing,      computer vision,      augmented reality,      signal processing  contracting both on-site in uk and remotely. open for relocation. ,
software engineer who can bring a creative drive to software application development. - writing code in various languages, and feature development and implementation. - specialize in thinking outside the box to find unique solutions to difficult problems. - strong knowledge of embedded systems with experience in many projects. - i have the passion to learn new things. , ld solutions 
an experienced and well rounded software professional, with a very strong mobile background and some server side.      enthusiastic self-taught ios developer with 4+ years of experience     programming with swift and objective-c     interested in ios, watchos, macos & tvos app development     curious about product design, product development and product management  genuinely cares about not only delivering working solutions, but also delivering good, maintainable and extendable solutions.   always keen on learning new things.  has good interpersonal skills.  easy to work with.  passionate for innovation. thinks out of the box.  adaptive.  exceptional feel for user experience and ui.  excellent understanding of software development life cycle in agile. has sound foundations and vast and diverse experience especially in the mobile space. excellent academic background.  good understanding of the business environment. experience in diverse industry sectors  travel, music, property and education. very skilled at working in multicultural environment.  ios  swift, objective-c, cocoa touch, core data, core graphics, core animation, core location, mapkit, afnetworking
mi experiencia profesional siempre se ha centrado en la administraci  n de sistemas, en muchas ocasiones en el   rea de almacenamiento y copias de seguridad para el sector bancario y telecomunicaciones.  en 2012 conoc   el mundo de desarrollo de aplicaciones m  viles, en concreto ios, no he parado de hacer cursos y proyectos durante mi tiempo libre. esto fue as   hasta 2013, momento en el que decid   que esta afici  n se convirtiera en mi profesi  n.     estoy introducie  ndome en el mundo del testing con libreri  as como expecta, ocmockito, asi   como patrones de dise  o que facilitan estas labores, como por ejemplo inyeccio  n de dependencias con typhoon.  domino perfectamente el a  rea de cloud con aws, azure y backends especi  ficos    para plataformas mo  viles como parse y firebase.  me apasiona aprender cada d  a, intentar hacer c  digo con la m  xima calidad y divertirme con mi trabajo. 
passionate ios and android native consultant with more than 6 years experience in developing applications for various clients, including fortune global 500 companies and largest banks worldwide, as well as commercial java, devops, web development(angularjs) and ui design experience.      7 commercial ios apps on app store     3 commercial android apps on play market     experience as a solo developer as well as being part of a team  specialties  ios, iphone, ipad, cocoa, cocoa touch, android, swift, objective-c, java, apps, user experience, user interface, ux, ui 
ing  nieur logiciel chez tide banking (   londres), passionn   par les m  thodologies et syst  mes d'organisation qui permettent de donner vie aux projets.  j'ai eu la chance de participer au d  veloppement d'applications ios pour le compte de grandes entreprises fran  aises. j'ai dans ces occasions pris part    des projets organis  s en scrum et kanban.  j'aide les entreprises    comprendre pourquoi faire   voluer leur application est couteux et source d'erreurs. j'apporte mon exp  rience pour mettre en place les processus et solutions techniques qui permettent de r  pondre aux besoins du produit. , benjipetit ,
i am a responsible, flexible and ambitious games development graduate from sheffield hallam university currently working as an ios developer for oxbury fs. creating video games and software development is my passion.  see my cv attached below for more information on key skills and experience. 
experienced app developer, manager and product owner, with a proven track record and career spanning 18 years in mobile.  working with ios before the itunes app store even launched, i've developed and managed the development of a number of high profile, high volume apps.  specialties  ios development in swift (much preferred) & objective-c, team & technical leadership, recruitment and process development.  i derive great satisfaction from   - orchestrating effective teamwork - properly solving involved technical problems - building teams - eliminating technical debt - helping developers mature and reach their full potential - selling ideas upwards and downwards - negotiating - making customers happy - doing a great job 
i have over ten years experience developing apps using a wide range of programming languages for ios, android, and windows phone. during this time i have been fortunate enough to have worked with high profile brands including hmrc, mcdonalds, virgin media, discovery and easy group.  i am passionate about creating high quality, maintainable code using methodologies such as tdd/bdd mvvm and vip to produce loosely coupled, modular architecture.
ios senior software engineer developing quality code for small and large companies with enthusiasm since 2013. mobile application ios development team leader since 2018.  i   ve worked on many mobile applications (mainly for ios) and various cms in python using django framework.  fast and accurate, i pay a lot of attention on clean architecture and readable code. i   ve worked also as full stack developer mainly for demo and prototipation purpose. during my career, thanks to my adaptability, i have gained experience with a lot of languages like html, css, javascript, jquery, java, php, c and sql. problem solving, collaboration, adaptability and work commitment are my primary skills. i am also dynamic and fast thanks to my time management skill. skilled in manage the relationships with the customers thanks to 4 years of project management as side task. 
a dynamic, innovative and highly motivated it professional/ios developer with significant transferable software design experience gained within the business intelligence sector. widely familiar with the creation, design and implementation of bespoke software solutions for critical business functions, and creative application technologies, which exceed customer expectations. a bilingual communicator who demonstrates exceptional interpersonal skills and enjoys leading a successful multi-lingual and multi-cultural team, forging excellent working relationships with key clients and thriving in challenging working environments to achieve objectives within strict deadlines. possesses solid analytical proficiency, applying rational and methodical thought to quickly identify and rectify faults for clients located across the globe. author of allaboutswift.com, a technology site about frameworks, design patterns and the latest topics in the swift and ios world.  a lead ios software developer accustomed to using the following   programming  swift, objective c, oop, c/c+. scripting technologies, agile development (scrum), tdd, bdd, ruby, dos batch-files, linux scripts
multifaceted mobile application developer   - 3+ years developing ios apps using swift & objective c  - continuous integration  - responsive web design & development  - enterprise mobile app experience  - video games industry experience  - agile project management (scrum)  - android development   - quality assurance , creagh2 
an ios engineer with 8 years of experience across a range of industries. i have helped build and improve apps from pre-seed startups to some of the uk's largest companies. i also design, build & publish educational apps with my partner via e8 studios. 
i am a tech lead and an ios/macos developer with extensive experience having worked on over 40 different purpose, award winning apps ranging from small games to in house enterprise solutions and products with hundreds of thousands of downloads.  proven experience leading teams of up to 5 developers to successfully deliver feature rich, advanced, high quality projects in an agile environment. my process responsibilities included establishing the overall architecture, code style, automated tests setup, code reviews, providing guidance to other team members and writing a number of app features. to ensure my team were focused on development i was in close liaison with the other departments and technical 3rd parties to ensure a successful collaborative delivery effort.  running my own development agency with tens of satisfied customers around the world, working by myself and as part of big and small development teams taught me a variety of skills in proposing, designing, implementing and overseeing development of solutions to satisfy customer needs as well as managing other programmers, designers and other stakeholders to create complex applications.  joining a multiple projects at different stages in the development cycle i learned to familiarise with the project setup, structure and logic quickly so i am able to come on board for any project at any stage of completion and begin contributing from day one from shaping ideas to coding and submitting to the app store. in addition to using those skills in a commercial environment they helped me win two hackathon events by creating a working app prototype from scratch over 48 hours. 
currently working on ios with new technologies. love to discover new apps and startups. - love to create products that people want and need. - maintaining and developing a large scale mobile banking and e-commerce applications with innovative solutions. - fast and adaptive learner and get used to new technologies very quickly  - debug, diagnose and fix the problems workaround development environment bugs in developing and existing applications. - upgrading and maintaining mobile apps to new ios sdks  - organizing meetups and hackathons. - participating in 20 hackathons,
i am a self-taught ios developer currently working at redbox mobile and as an independent developer. i primarily develop for ios and other apple platforms using swift but have some experience with other programming languages too.  at redbox mobile, i am the sole developer of the redbox toolbox ios and macos app but feed into a wider development team alongside the company   s other product - the blackbox platform.  the redbox toolbox is primarily aimed at other small ios developers who can   t necessarily afford to pay aso agencies to write their app   s metadata for them. initially created to help account managers at redbox mobile speed up metadata creation time, it was officially launched on the app store in 2019 to a wider audience after going through a number of iterations that have expanded the feature set. it now contains multiple tools that enable an app owner to gain a deeper insight into their apps.  alongside working at here, i have been independently developing my own applications for ios, watchos, macos and tvos since 2016. this initially started as a hobby, but i have since gone on to develop a number of successful applications worthy of a sustainable business  my most well-known app being shift keyboard which was featured on a number of high-profile apple specific news sites such as 9to5mac and cult of mac.the app itself has even ranked in the top 10 overall paid apps in the us and many other countries worldwide. ,
a self-confessed writer, speaker, technologist and ios software engineer.  i currently operate as a principal software engineer specifically for the ios platform, offering traditional programming services and understanding the modern recognized paradigms.  it all began in 2009 when i released leeds football fan, an unofficial leeds united iphone application, i was featured on bbc radio leeds, yorkshire evening post and with downloads exceeding 20,000.  with over 7 years of commercial experience in ios, i am now offering my skills to companies across europe & the uk. working with corporations such as emirates, audi, william hill, national grid, sky bet, moshi monsters.  on an interpersonal level, i am a very confident speaker and in written communication with the ability to scope technical requirements with the understanding of the business benefits.  i am currently offering talks to various conferences/meetups and writing regularly for raywenderlich.com.  key skills include   - mobile development (ios / xamarin) - web development (node js) - tdd (test driven development) - scm (git / svn) - experience using php - restful api's  conference talks   iosdevuk 7 & 8 codemobile uk , competition_box ,
i am an ios developer with 4 years experience, with exposure to the full app development and release cycle, in both swift & objective-c. 
i build mobile apps for the appstore and for enterprises. as a mobile software engineer, i have worked on a range of software from game consoles such as the nintendods, playstation vita to enterprise mobile apps for ios and android.  with 10+ years of software engineering, i am a specialist in android and ios mobile development.   if you have an idea for an app or a mobile game then get in touch. i can provide advice and/or a quote for time and cost. 
mobile app developer with over 5 years of experience working on mobile apps across both android and ios, working in both small startups as well as large enterprises. i have worked primarily in the health and fitness and travel sectors. 
i specialise in mobile applications development and enjoy creating apps that help simplify people   s day-to day lives. using a highly quantitative and object oriented approach  i pride myself on creating products with beautiful uis and the most intuitive user experiences. i am a self-starter and a quick learner when it comes to picking up new programming languages and technologies as well as implementing creative solutions for real-time distributed applications. with years of experience working within a start-up and agency culture i embrace the challenge of working under tight deadlines and consistently rise to the occasion in high-pressure situations. programming is not just a job for me, but a way of life! i look forward to opportunities that allow me to learn new skills, write robust, clean code and design and deliver seamless products.a quick learner with excellent track record -always keen to learn new things -focused and punctual -detail oriented and highly organised -affluent english and writing. good communicator -leadership qualities -optimistic -trusted administrator -proficient sense of design and aesthetics
i am passionate about creating products which are striking yet simple. i love working with new technologies  researching new ways to use them and incorporating them with existing techniques to see the variety of results which can be achieved. i am responsible, organized and communicative with excellent attention to detail. i am prepared to take on any challenge, regardless of the level of complexity as i constantly expand my skill-set. i push the boundaries, both personally and professionally, and thrive on the continual acquisition of knowledge.
reading, swimming and yoga, 16+ years experienced senior interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the hospitality industry. skilled in photo-shop, in-design, microsoft, specification writing, design management, and hospitality industry. strong operations professional with a ba focused in interior design from the art institute of las vegas.
designer & maker - imagine a convincing wall of buzzwords here.  please read   i rarely read or answer linkedin messages,  new york, new york,tory burch is founder, designer and executive chairman of tory burch, an american sportswear and lifestyle brand. raised in valley forge, pennsylvania, tory graduated from the university of pennsylvania with a degree in art history, then moved to new york to pursue a career in fashion. she worked in pr & marketing for several american designers, including ralph lauren, vera wang and narciso rodriguez at loewe.   she launched tory burch in 2004 with a small boutique in manhattan  since then the brand has grown into a global business with 180 freestanding stores in cities from new york and los angeles to shanghai, milan and, paris.   in september 2015, she launched tory sport, a performance activewear collection with clothing, bags, shoes and accessories for running, studio
look new job around the world.  i have team model silver and cad, as an entrepreneur, i own and manage two highly successful companies within the design field.  established as a premier interior designer, i've designed both commercial and residential spaces for over 25 years.     my personality, brand, and designs have been featured throughout nationally recognized medias, including the following  hgtv, diy network, shop nbc, forbes magazine, mpls/st paul magazine, smartmoney, celebrity cook off, kare, fox, cbs, nbc and wcco.      designing the senses    has been the inspiration in my personal aesthetic style, from designing an entire home's ambiance to beautifully presented culinary creations. introducing this art within a public forum, i author the blog, designing the senses. i also write articles featuring interior design
skill set graphics designer  * new product design * pattern engineering * footwear design & development * quality assurance * trends analysis * color combination * product sampling *prototype development
extremely creative and experienced fashion design professional with extensive experience in coordinating all aspects of operations while demonstrating attention to detail and inventive qualities.       astute knowledge of product development for clothing lines as well as various computerized design programs.       excellent problem solver with strong sales analysis and reporting skills, skilled in areas of order processing, and inventory control.      hardworking, energetic, and reliable  recognized for assuming additional responsibilities.       experience interfacing with factory departments, sales reps, pr, contractors and vendors both import and domestically.      extensive knowledge of denim fabric and leather.     proficient in mac and pc, illustrator, photoshop, microsoft office.
best way to reach jake knapp is the inventor of the design sprint and a new york times bestselling author. he   s written two books, sprint and make time, and has coached teams at places like slack, lego, ideo, and nasa on design strategy and time management.   previously, jake helped build products like gmail, google hangouts, and microsoft encarta. he is currently among the world   s tallest designers.,
i am a graphic generalist with a firm understanding of graphic designing. i love to design logo and brand identity.   my areas of expertise are logo design,brand identity,brochure design, business card design, web template design,glamour retouching,cd / dvd cover design etc.  specialties   ......................................................................................................................     logo design.      brand identity.      brochure design.      business card design.      web template design.      glamour retouching.      cd / dvd cover design. ......................................................................................................................,ashutoshjha
skilled in marketing & digital strategy, art direction, and content  ,charlotte dunagan is passionate about design. she is known for her ability to create spaces that emanate genuine sophistication, understated elegance and warmth. charlotte   s use of her world class resources far exceeds her delighted client   s expectations again and again. as a principal and owner of dunagan diverio design group, a high-end design firm based in miami, florida she and her team provides distinctive quality, exceptional design and unparalleled service.   charlotte began her formal arts educations at the mgm school of design in nice, france where she studied graphic design, fashion and interior design. building on this strong arts foundation and specializing in interior design, charlotte continued and completed her studies in 1997 at the art institute of fort lauderdale, florida with a bachelor of science in interior design. upon graduation charlotte received the most outstanding thesis and academic excellence awards.   dunagan diverio design group specializes in high end, large scale residential and boutique commercial projects in south florida, the caribbean and europe. the client is the main inspiration in creating spaces with timeless simplicity and a versatility of style that ranges from traditional to modern. dunagan diverio design group collaborates with architects from day one of the planning process to create livable spaces that balance both form and function. the firm develops long term relationships with clients gaining their trust and respect and now has a 100% referral and word of mouth business with a waiting list for future projects.,
proficient subordinate engineer delivering an exceptional level of service to each clients by listening to concerns and answering questions and setting a positive example for team members by providing efficient, quality service with illustrated saga of working in the architecture and planning diligence. adroit in auto cad, construction, engineering, architecture and revit software. determined engineering professional with a be- bachelor of engineering fascinated in civil engineering from ucet (universal college of engineering and technology)-996.
experienced freelance graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in graphics, graphics layout, logo design, social media advertising, and social media marketing. strong arts and design professional with a bca focused in bca in multimedia from xplora design skool.
hello all, hope you are doing well! we pleasure to informed you ,we are providing services in solar design and drafting. we are a startup company dealing in solar design and drafting (****) takes care of the design portion of all solar designs and drafting. we tailor our designs based on the different city and county codes and regulations, allowing for a smooth submittal the first time.(*********) appreciates the time sensitive nature of a solar installation, so we work quickly and efficiently to get the designs done. we excel in quick and precise designs and building relationships with our clients as well as your installation jurisdiction. we are committed to minimizing total installed cost by offering inexpensive submittal sets that reduce material and labor expenses. we have more than 15 year experience. our services aesthetics we design solar systems that are harmonious with their surroundings. we are provide the solar attachment with roof details explain - comp shingle, flat tiles ,curve tiles ,  metal roof lat roof ,slop roof all detail solar roof plan racking details  attachment  string details 3ld and sld electrical line diagram calculation  placards modular inventor junction box disconnect racking  data sheet etc   we account for site specific parameters to maximize energy output. long term reliability a well designed system minimizes your service and maintenance and provides your customers with the peace of mind that their system will generate reliably for decades. fire and life safety thorough knowledge of fire protection engineering gives us insight to help you install safe solar systems. economy of materials our designs minimize waste and are easier to install. not only will this save you money, but it will also preserve natural resources.
i   m a designer with a strong focus on top-notch ui, ux, identity & motion design. i have taken part in the development of more than 50+ mobile & web projects working side by side with teams in the us, india, croatia, netherlands, czech republic, and germany. technically sophisticated and innovative design professional with six years of experience capturing the competitive advantage through interactive designs dedicated to optimising the user experience.  exceptional interpersonal communication skills leveraged by artistic talent and a dedication to meeting and exceeding all expectations in project delivery. demonstrated success influencing brand identity through creative design and content strategy for progressive and revenue generating projects from conception to completion.  notable clients & agencies i   ve worked with are  fan duel, chefstalk, foxrey, paypal, make my trip, balkan brothers, creative dash.,
arthur kenzo is an industrial designer at google. his skills include industrial design, product design, user experience, and project management. his work focuses on creating meaningful product experiences that connect brands to the physical world. originally from france, where he graduated from a bachelor in product design, he received a master in advanced studies in industrial design in shanghai, where he worked for hisense, one of the top multinational electronics manufacturer based in china. arthur pursued his career in the united states, working for leading design consultancies such as lunar and fuseproject in san francisco. over the past 10 years, he has created product solutions for a broad range of client, from multinational companies to the most innovative start-ups, including samsung, paypal, cisco, hp, johnson controls, alcatel
still thinking of something clever or minimally appealing to write here that   s worthy of your attention my dear friends  it might be a while...,jf_pebencbravo - a cooperative company
designer who specializes in fashion, activewear, and visual communication.   staying up on the market as well as latest technology in hopes to someday bridge the gap between big technological innovation & fashion aesthetic.  waiting to be scooped up for a new challenge (large or small) and anxious to be working with others again soon!     us creatives deserve to delight in fearless design to help lift the human spirit during these rough times.  and the consumer deserves to be delighted and inspired as well!,
graphic design is my passion i enjoy creating art, and taking photos, poster design visual art illustration drawing photography i love my work
greater seattle area,i love collaboration and go to great lengths to guide my clients beyond their comfort zone. i strive to achieve a    flamboyance of contrast        a style that is personal and forward. i bring my cosmopolitan training to offer clients a wider perspective on space, light, and design.   i am the owner and principal of the ariana designs llc, a full-service interior and architectural design company, using the latest approaches and technology in the industry to bring both built and unbuilt spaces to life.  our effort was recognized when my team and i won the regional (puget sound) award in 2018 and national award in 2019 on the national kitchen & bath association (nkba) competition. far more important it had been recognized by the clients, as we continue to justify their trust by meeting the specific needs of each client with creative and flexible design solutions.   we believe form and function are one, and our goal is to create a space that reflects your company   s uniqueness. no project is too big or too small for us. we will work with the city to help you with building permits and be your designer for commercial, hospitality/luxury highrise, multi-family, restaurant or office project.  all you need to do is share your ideas and desires, and we   ll deliver a solution tailored specifically for you.,creativemariana
i am focused on creating simple, clean and smart user interfaces while continuing to explore the ever-changing interactive world. i have over 4 years and 8 months of relevant experience. in ui/ux design, web design, mobile design, print design. i work across industries and across digital devices on application designs, e-commerce solutions and websites for businesses, large and small. design is not only my job, design is my passion.
athezoc is a multidisciplinary organization, based from the creative arts and design and also spiritual, philosophical and cultural realms. service extends to the following  graphics, the web, interiors, landscapes, architectural, music and literature and eventually fashion. the areas of urban planning/smart growth, restoration and re-purposing, community development, wildlife and environmental awareness and service are also important components to the work of this organization. while being a 501(c)3 non-profit there is also a separate for profit component that works directly in assisting athezoc. a portion of proceeds from the for profit organization are applied to humanitarian and environmental outreach.,
rani boutique & fashion technology,fashion designer ,i'm an artist. welcome to my world of design. i can create & design just about anything! i can work from anywhere on any type of project. just give me a try...i am looking for new and exciting projects!,lanahtecouture, ,lanah te couture
i am a product designer with deep experience designing and crafting learning platforms and information-dense web apps with in-depth experience with data, education, publishing, and media. i am adept in user research, interaction design, visual design, design systems, and user testing. i lead product design at w. w. norton & co, inc. for three years where i designed a homework platform. i most recently lead the development of large scale data collection feature.,patcartelli,
i am a fashion designer - freelance from los angeles / for 17 years  if you have some work let me know  )  if anyone need my fashion tp and design let me know i can work remotely from sunshine state los angeles  i will bring sunshine with me  )  ayumi suzuki williams    i also want to start my own community and company too where all people involve will be happy and satisfied  to create simply e-commerce apparel brand that   s meaningful and have good intention. treat people good and kind + mommy friendly apparel company who can empower the women . i already have a digital marketing and social media team and an in-house production 
i am a ui / ux designer with strength in consumer research and the passion to excel under every circumstances. having worked in different scenarios, i was lucky to take on substantial projects single handedly and conduct all the ux processes by myself.  key skills       ability to manage ux projects single handedly as primary designer for multiple clients, taking full responsibility for the design from initial concept through to final delivery.     conducting user research, designing user workflows, documenting user stories, building wireframes and testing functional mock-ups with users.     excel in running heuristics principles to revamp applications      skills in creating user centric product     team player
i'm a full-service product designer with a strong visual design background. i've worked across a range of fields including advertising, e-commerce, wearables, smart lighting, travel and television.,
elise kotelnikova international interior designer and the founder of the luxe interior, a las vegas-based interior design ff & e firm dedicated to creating beautiful spaces portrays elegance and sophistication.   elise began her journey at a very young age. an extremely visual and creative interior designer, today, she specializes in luxury residential, commercial and hospitality  interiors.,
a passionate ux professional with about 6+ years of experience.  i personally am inspired to design and build experiences that are useful, pleasant and meaningful. to me, good design solution comes from deep empathy of users, a good understanding of the problem, constraints and business objectives, iterations by closely incorporating user's feedback and intentional decision with solid reasoning.  technical skillset   microsoft visio, adobe photoshop, illustrator, xd , sketch, invision, principle etc.,
i   ve been in love with art and design since the day i picked up my first crayon. constantly drawing, doodling  and making things as i grew up, i always knew that i wanted to pursue a creative career. art has always been my first love and i continue to practice with mediums such as painting, i have graduating in fine arts (2001-2005) with ist division from govt. college of arts sector 10 under punjab university and post-graduation in history of fine arts in the year 2007. my studies have included courses in computer science. i understand the position also requires a candidate who is team- and detail-oriented, works well under pressure, and can deal with people in departments throughout the firm. these are skills i developed both in my course work and in my recent internship.  i   ve been a professional designer  with over 7 years of experience in brand identity, web design, ui. we work closely with our clients throughout the design process. we also prefer a diverse selection of clients and projects, from small start ups to big companies with a long tradition.,
i am privileged to have lived the american dream. i first entered the world of fashion in 1970 when i moved to new york city with a few jersey dresses i had made in italy. just two years later, i founded the company that bears my name. in 1974, i introduced the wrap dress, which came to symbolize independence and power for generations of women. dvf is now a global luxury lifestyle brand.   as i have become empowered myself, i have dedicated my life to empowering other women through fashion, philanthropy and mentorship. as chairwoman of the council of fashion designers of america (cfda), i help to foster emerging talent in design. for more than a decade, i have served on the board of vital voices, an organization that supports female leaders and entrepreneurs around the world. in 2010, with the diller-von furstenberg family foundation, i established the dvf awards to honor and provide grants to extraordinary women who have displayed leadership, strength and courage in their commitment to their causes.   with my corporate headquarters in new york   s meatpacking district, i was proud to be involved in the campaign to save the historic high line railway and to develop the high line into what it is today. i also serve on the board of the statue of liberty   ellis island foundation and am honored to lead the effort to raise funds for the foundation, which, in partnership with the national park service, is building the new statue of liberty museum and will continue the beautification of liberty island. i am also excited to serve on the board of the shed, the new center for artistic and cultural innovation in new york city
experienced visual designer with a budding demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in and continuing to develop my craft through photography, studio lighting, design, advertising, typography, and film. bachelor of fine art focused in advertising design & motion media from savannah college of art and design. if you're interested in collaborating drop me a line.,lamonenigma
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the transportation design and renewables manufacturing industry.  skilled in  -digital and traditional sketching -autodesk alias -solidworks  -creo -plastic part dfma -prototyping -on-board diagnostics -composite mold design.   strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of fine arts (bfa) focused in industrial and transportation design from academy of art university.,mcinnis design
i have been working in software industry for 8+ years, with my most recent experience being a sr.ui/ux  designer at software ag. i can write solid and well organized code from the scratch with a focus on a user friendly environment.   i have a great passion for design which always help me to seek new ideas and find solutions that are sustainable and re-usable. i possess valuable skills such as good communication and high creativity that i believe make me  best suited for the position of ui/ux or front-end developer in your company
in the past 9 years, i had a background in working with an excellent chinese company, tencent. after three years of web design & new media master program, i was responsible for end-to-end ux/ui design for a start-up company, boostinsider for one year. i   ve been working at sap ariba (focusing on guiding buying, b2b market place)  and sap c4c team for 4 years, i currently have provided ux/ui design solutions for sales and service/c4c products including contract lifecycle management (clm), configure pricing and quote (cpq), guided selling & if design award  sap sales cloud native apps.  i have a background of working in 2c   s products, and 2b's company, plus i have years of aesthetic sensibilities, visual design skills, and have lots of ux design experience. i can integrate into the end-to-end design work with various aspects of product design thinking also with my passion for design.,
founder and creator of m.r. walls, an architectural product blending design, digital fabrication with installation assembly.   inspired by nature   s unique and complex forms, mario designed his own building systems.  his homes contain structures that undulate like ocean waves. his interior wall surfaces are carved with intricate gradient lines that evoke the desire to touch them.     it   s something like a second nature,    he says.    nature never goes out of style.    his designs are organic, wholly variable and scripted like blocks of dna.   defining a new realm of the urban landscape mario draws on over a decade of designer research.,marioromanoca,
,december 2,i'm a ux /ui designer and creative director with real state, sports, hospitality, ecommerce domain expertise. i started my career 6 years ago, as a web designer and front end developer for local startups, however, did not take me long to top the lead user experience and interface chart, bringing impact via innovation to international startups and established corporations.   for 6 years of success and experience, i've advocated for my users, iterated and launched big ideas (leading edge websites & mobile applications) via a team-focused, agile environment, collaborative management style - and designed solutions and communication strategies to help my clients boost their services quality, increase their revenue, size, and reach.  currently leading a team of professional creatives and expert developers who love to create exciting stuff everyday. i offer a proven ability to conduct creative analysis and design best-fit solutions including         creative direction      interaction design      user experience design      user interface design      website design and development       app design and development      graphic design   as a detail-oriented team lead with a passion for excellence, i am adept at listening to your needs, then analyzing and implementing the best solution.  i promise a clear communication and i guarantee work satisfaction. thank you in advance for your consideration.
currently a very driven architect, i am focused on setting goals for the near future and achieving them. i believe that punctuality is the key to success in any given field. i am definitely the 'thinking-tank' and am a little obsessed with working on things with a plan and thus, you'd always find me with a to-do list. apart from that, i come with a lot of sarcasm, fun and a strong cup of coffee. studying architecture has opened me up not just in terms or 'spaces' or 'built forms but also our beautiful culture and its roots, human psychology and sensitivity toward nature's gifts to us. its made me believe that architecture really is the master of all arts! apart from architecture, i have interests in a variety of other things as well. i am a holder of a senior diploma in  indian classical dance and have organised, performed in and choreographed many events at my school level. i also have a flair for writing, fashion writing to be more precise! i am a personal style blogger at thebasicb, recording my endeavours and take on fashion with a very mood oriented approach.  i feel i am disciplined and determined and can work efficiently without compromising at anything.,
i am  proficient with website designing, psd,  psd to html, html 5, css, css3, parallax, responsive themes, bootstrap. i have developed and designed a complete suite of business and personal web design consisting of logo design, business cards, flyers, invitation card design as well as graphics, web banners.
i am prity, very passionate for every creative activities. as a designer, i love to create such things that people love. that is my primary goal. skills   ui/ux designer,graphic design, logo design, creative web template, mobile app design for andriod and ios. and create wireframe and prototype for web & app. tools   adobe creative suites. ms office. and prototype tools.
thanks for visiting my profile! yagnik is a brilliant intelligent and great proactivity person and an effective communicator and visionary. he has built a strong (and deserved) reputation as someone with vision, diligence and honour. yagnik is able to address and solve complex technical problems with excellent results.  currently i am working as a freelancer and i m looking freelancing work, if u have freelance work let me know i am interested to work with you. graphics designer and responsible for  generating innovative concepts, brand designing, generate design presentations, logos and web designing.  i am  studies bsc in bmg visual effect and animation at frameboxx institute. i am a graphics designer with bachelor   s degree with professional experience designing logos, corporate identity, catalogs, newsletters, presentations, sales collaterals, and advertisements. additionally, i have on hand experience with several designing software like coral draw, photoshop, illustrator,
we are a progressive group of designers, specializing in various sectors of life style designing. nine years of establishing in creative designing and still in the process of evolution, we assure and ensure to employ the idea of optimum utility and eco-friendly in all pour, in the projects undertaken.our new trend of innovations in eco-friendly is our driving force behind our business. we determine the buying behavior of our customers according to new trends.as the country is betting its economic future on the principle that buildings that not only reflect who we are, they also shape who we become. this changing attitude helps us to create designs of your dreams into reality with comfort and ambience in a cost effective manner. with space management and planning, we create an illusion of more space with colours, lightings and shapeswe are a group of architect and designers who undertake a range of projects including big-budget commercial schemes and high profile public buildings with most challenging and satisfying commission.we have the following projects to our credit.interiors  a) residential projects  villas and bungalow ' b) commercial projects  offices & showroom c) exhibition stallsexterior projects  a) elevations b) garden layouts,richa_jatale,
20 + years experience in facility management, interior design, corporate real estate design & construction, construction management, program management, facility planning, operations and strategic planning.   responsible for time equities inc. entire global facilities portfolio of approximately 32.8 million square feet of commercial, residential, industrial, office and retail property     including over 5,000 multi-family apartment units. with properties throughout the us, northern europe, the canadian providences, anguilla, germany, italy and the netherlands.  - residential and commercial interior design & construction - owner   s representative - commercial class a, b & c properties with square footage from 450 sq ft.     2.5m+ sq ft. - primary point of contact for the sale of large portfolios of real estate     greater new york city area - assisted with vast facility renovations, dispositions, relocations
designing is my passion... available for remote / fulltime / freelance / contract work   freelance graphic designer,remote freelance graphic designer
producer, experienced graphic designer, staging and preparing, appealing to buyers in real estate marketplace,  i am working as a freelance graphic designer and web designer and have an exceptional knowledge in developing business logos, graphic, i am passionate and enthusiastic to design and have the capability to create extraordinary designs with high visual impact according to the needs and requirements of the clients.  i find great people and find them great careers. this all starts with a conversation. along the way, we'll find it together and uncover their values, personal aspirations, and next career move.,
accomplished applications designer within the technological field, holding over seven years of proven experience creating conceptualized designs, functional demos and wireframes for presentations. highly skilled in html and css programming with a strong background in storyboard/motion design for high-end clients. outstanding managerial ability, demonstrating strong communication skills while leading, motivating and training a creative team in order to provide the highest quality service to clients. excellent creative and analytical capabilities providing quick, accurate, and positive visual results. strong work ethic, consistently adhering to company policies and procedures.   senior ux/ui mobile designer     supported business development team with wireframes and conceptual designs for both internal and external mobile financial products (ios) & ( android ).     managed functional demos for internal stakeholders and external partners.     established mobile design process and pipeline.     supported the business teams with functional ui/ux concepts.      created brand concepts for clients.  senior web designer     created wireframes and front-end design for client presentations.     managed and updated front end design for existing client portals.      provided front end html and css production programming for development teams     supported the marketing department with brand creation, trade show collateral, and client demos and presentations.      managed the creation of websites, as well as interactive and mobile projects.  interactive designer     produced web and mobile conceptual front end designs.     supported the development teams with front end html and css production for all projects.     managed contractors and external vendors per project.     created storyboard and motion design for client brands.     developed and implemented all stages of banner ad execution for add networks.      supported the account management team in client direction for new business ideals.,
i'm an ui/ux designer from hyderabad, india. i am creative by nature and continuously push myself professionally. i am loyal, honest and seek to work with like minded people. i enjoy giving my customers an easy and stress-free process that provides all ui elements in a manner that produces results for your business.  after taking care of your website design, development, i can also sort out your web hosting, web maintenance and ensure your website is mobile responsive! all these features combined will produce the results that will rocket your business to the next level!
i am a digital product designer with a background in computer science. i love complex problems and can't wait to ask questions.,_lillllifacebook
as a ui/ux designer, i have helped enterprises and startups from diverse industries create a modernistic yet rooted design language that helps them establish a known identity in their field.   to keep it simple, i speak in empathic concepts and frameworks to design, build, and grow engaging, authentic, and meaningful experiences. i take risks and i make mistakes. learn, rinse, and repeat.  my interests lie within designing for sustainability, accessibility, and maintaining a harmonious relationship between the analog and physical world for the future to come. using strategic and user-centered design methods, i aim to create experiences that mimic the natural world by transforming our exclusive memories into shareable journeys.  - designing for various ui + ux and branding and illustration projects. working independently and with a team as per requirement. - proficient in rapid transition of requirements in to user interface designs  key specialities   - ios apps - andriod apps - web interface designing - logos, web banners designing - brochures, posters designing - mobile user interface design,imharjap
i am a ux designer and researcher. i create impactful and enriching experiences which bring joy to people's lives through a user centered, data-driven design process. i help drive product and design decisions through conducting user research, designing wireframes and prototypes, and performing usability testing to further iterate upon them.
march 3, div  a time bound creative minded individual with an ability to put vision on screen, beyond boundaries of expectations and creativity. a playful ux/ui designer who would never settle for less, when it comes to visual appeals. for each of his projects he ensures optimum level of user engagement and innovative experience while making sure of client/customers    derivatives are meet. being blessed with an ability to see farfetched technological trends, has an x-ray vision to sense half way inputs and to complete them as a full picture beyond the expectation of requirements.
design work as documentation as under client requirement  ...like   my projects definition as  e-commerce, pic-reminder, medication diary, communication, digital calculator, recording, pdf viewer.  i am seeking a position within an organization or design firm in user experience (ux) and/or user interface design (ui). i will also convert my ui design into pixel perfect.  i call there me as psd for developer.  i would like to work together with window's software or mac's software.  my aim is to create better interfaces and experiences for the user, making the application   s and technology easier for the user. simplifying communication barriers by bridging the gap between end-users, designers and developers.
richard devine electronic artist and sound designer specializing in musical composition, mnemonics, field recording, sound effects, loop libraries, instrument patch design, specialized sound design for t.v./film, web media, and virtual reality.  during the past three years, richard devine has remixed top warp artists like aphex twin and mike patton (faith no more). he has released 6 full-length albums on schematic, warp, asphodel, and sublight records and has performed his own ear-tearing music mayhem worldwide. based from atlanta, georgia he has done film score work for touchstone pictures (with john hues & kyle cooper). he has also collaborated with bt (brian transeau on movie    surveillance    directed by adam rifkin, odopod, elias arts, wieden & kennedy, akqa inc., and has worked on commercials for the nike shoe company and worked with various companies doing sound design for audi
experienced search engine optimization analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in search engine optimization (seo), google adwords, keyword research, google webmaster tools, and social media optimization (smo),
vehicles reimagined. rezvani motors is a designer and manufacture of exotic vehicles. rezvani motors cars have a chiseled exterior design and offer significant power upgrades and performance levels. go beyond the ordinary.
initial screening of the candidates(to check candidate stability/skills/ willingness to work with us/ eligible to fulfill our co. job requirement).     coordinating with the technical & operational panel   s for interviews.     handling documentation of the candidates.     making attendance/ salary/ leaves/ absenteeism/birthday/ employee master data in excel sheet.     job postings on different portals like (indeed, shine, olx, quikr, fresherworld, linkedin, naukri, indeed, monster etc.)     follow up for day zero and induction.     handling co. admin. part.      conducting employee engagement activities.
14 years of overall experience in the internet industry with specialization in internet application development and deployment.  proven experience in building, leading and managing high performance, cross functional software engineering teams.
i teach my public seminar for data leaders seeking to learn how to create useful, usable, and simple data products that actually get used and produce value. we begin 7/13/20    i help data product leaders turn machine learning and analytics into simple, innovative decision support software   because customers don't use or value technically right, effectively wrong solutions.   if your customers and stakeholders can't or won't use your data-driven software to make decisions, then the technology was just a costly exercise, not an innovation. it doesn't matter whether it's traditional analytics, ml, ai or bi.    do you have an awesome data science or analytics team, but customers don't understand or value the software or models you produce    does your data science solution or data product make customers go                                when they see it   do you wish they viewed it as invaluable decision support that made them feel like                        do you lead the product or solution strategy for analytics apps, decision support solutions, or ai projects and share some of these challenges   * low adoption/user engagement   * customer attrition   * the business mandates ai and machine learning, but can't provide a clear problem for the data team to solve   * you've made significant investments in engineering, analytics, or data science, but your service's value still isn't emerging or obvious to users and stakeholders   * your product doesn't sell itself, requires significant explanation
experienced human resources executive skilled in research, human resources, english, microsoft excel, and management. strong human resources professional with a master of business administration (m.b.a.) focused in human resources management from guru nanak dev university.
with a 36 year experience in fashion designing, i am an industry trained professional with zeal to create and bring into the market, a fresh variety of indian ethnic wear, in sync with the ongoing market trends and practices in terms of latest trends in patterns, stitching and cuts.  i specialize in stitched and unstitched salwar-kameez with all types of dupattas especially in manual & multi-head embroidery and printing. i am also skilled in all types of dying and handwork.  to add a cherry on top, i have a total experience of 18 years in procurement and purchase of materials.,
have over 18 years of customer sales and service experience, and use my bilingual skills to help customers find a complete solution.  design many unique spaces to meet and exceed clients    needs and expectations.  create storage and organization solutions, and develop lasting relationships with customers by offering them a way to achieving the promise of an organized life.  building and establishing a rapport with customers and professional organizers by engaging with them and having them leave happily organized, and wanting to come back and tackle their next project.  use whole brained thinking to provide a strategic and creative road map to help customers visualize and implement a solution.  listen for clues, in order to help identify other needs that they might have.   most of all, feeling a great sense of pride and joy in helping others   , contain themselves, through the joy and satisfaction achieved with the promise of an organized life.
experienced founder with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in furnishings, autocad, client counseling, commercial design, and modern furniture. strong entrepreneurship professional with a bachelor's degree focused in interior design from jd institute.
i   m a brand and digital designer based in san francisco.   + brand development & rebranding + logo & identity system + brand style guide  + collateral, print & packaging  + environmental design  + iconography + broadcast design + motion design + website design + information architecture + wireframing + 
hello! i'm a transportation designer with a passion for finding captivating and sustainable solutions for the future. currently working in the automotive industry, i'm always eager to expand my knowledge into other design fields - open to freelance, collaborative, and part-time opportunities.
currently working at microsoft as a ux designer, i graduated from human centered design & engineering (hcde) program at the university of washington. skills  interaction design  prototyping  user research  usability testing  html+css  sketch+adobe creative 
designer for experimental products splendid 4d is an architectural visualization studio based in los angeles, california with a division studio in beijing, china. our chief digital artists have more than 50 years of combined working experience including lead designers, head architects, and chief engineers on global projects. in addition to traditional 3d rendering services, splendid 4d also offers 4d construction simulation-animation services through bim technology. for our clients, splendid 4d exclusively offers 3d models and rendering materials for 3d models. splendid 4d values every one of our clients and we guarantee to take their project to the next level.  
passionate about the intimate fashion industry, i wish to expand my skills by working with a dedicated and innovative team of professionals. my goal is to assist in bringing current international fashion trends to the indian market, developing unique styles, that beautiful as well as practical.
an interior designer having 7+ years of experience in designing projects ranging from residential, commercial, retail and hospitality. experienced owner with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in trend analysis, fashion illustration, textiles, knitwear, and draping. strong arts and design professional graduated from fashion institute of technology.  instagram -  nyembroiderystudio,
hba/hirsch bedner associates a self-motivated individual with over three years of experience working at a digital agency and as an in-house designer.     substantial knowledge of the adobe creative suite such as photoshop, illustrator, indesign, flash, dreamweaver and after effects.     experience wireframing and prototyping with balsamiq, omnigraffle, axure, invision, pidoco, and framerjs.     a masterful understanding of responsive design, mobile ui (ios & android), and other more obscure interfaces (10-foot, vending machines, and kiosks).     superior knowledge of front end engineering and have mastered html, css and jquery. working knowledge of javascript and coding fundamentals.     excellent verbal, written and visual communication skills pertinent to deep collaboration with product managers, user researchers
award winning product designer and president of lifestyledesign inc.  specialties  product design, product development, branding, brand strategy, design strategy, innovation strategy, engineering, fashion design,
to see more of my artwork, visit  caseypaintings on instagram or caseypaintings.com. submit custom artwork requests through my website for the fastest response.   specialties include      custom artwork     portrait art     paintings     airbrushing     abstract art     adobe illustrator & photoshop
a graphic designer, instructor, speaker and, sometimes, a consultant. most recently a senior staff author at linkedin learning, mr. mcwade in 1985 created pagelab, the world's first desktop publishing studio, and in 1990 he founded before & after magazine to teach graphic design to desktop publishers. before & after became known for its simple beauty, clarity of instruction, and especially its emphasis on design not as decoration but an essential form of communication. mr. mcwade's formative background is in printing and publication design, with a specialty in typography. he has authored three books     before & after page design, graphics for business, and how to design cool stuff.,johnmcwade
i'm a typophile and digital product designer who is unfazed by messy-middles  prototyping rapidly and scrappily to navigate through ambiguity. i strongly believe humility is crucial and the key to great design.  skills  user experience (ux), user interface design (ui), visual design (print & web), interaction design, user research, systems mapping, usability testing, rapid prototyping (physical & digital), wireframing, html, css, javascript.
i'm a designer, co-founder at blush who also writes comics.   i rarely open my inbox on linkedin. if you wanna chat about partnerships with blush, talks, workshops, or collab opportunities, 
pittsburgh, pennsylvania,brad frost is a web designer, speaker, writer, and consultant located in beautiful pittsburgh, pa. he is the author of the book atomic design, which introduces a methodology to create and maintain effective design systems. in addition to co-hosting the style guides podcast, he has also helped create several tools and resources for web designers, including pattern lab, styleguides.io, style guide guide, this is responsive, death to bullshit, and more.,brad_frost,
interior design & materials,i am passionate about user-centric and energy efficient design. a problem solver, i am able to multitask with good leadership skills and a strong sense of ownership. in the past, i have successfully worked on and delivered a variety of project typologies that range from large scale healthcare and corporate facilities to small scale residences in roles of a designer, manager and/or an energy auditor both in india and usa. at morphogenesis, i was focused on (although not limited to) commercial, hospitality and mixed use building design and delivery - engaging clients and meeting their expectations for each project.,
in my world, users come first!  i am a technically sophisticated, high-end designer with expansive experience and success in leading and inspiring creative direction across diverse mediums and new technologies. i skilfully research and identify new product opportunities and concepts. i implement new projects that promote growth and innovation across companies and organizations   and champion compelling visual language for disparate sets of products and styles.  i possess the proven ability to develop highly-effective, strategic marketing collateral for high-end clients including apple, ibm, l   oreal, fidelity, bud light, home depot, costco, and wal-mart. i am committed to connecting with clients and users   and bringing their vision to life effectively across a wide, far-reaching spectrum of media.  i lead and empower top-performing teams. with excellent communication and interpersonal skills, i build effective relationships with diverse groups of clients, vendors, and colleagues. i thrive in fast-paced, cross-functional, collaborative environments. both confident and proactive, i am recognized for my sound judgment, attention to detail
together let us desire, conceive, and create the new structure of the future, which will embrace architecture and sculpture and painting in one unity and which will one day rise toward heaven from the hands of a million workers like the crystal symbol of a new faith.    walter gropius,
a highly successful and accomplished fashion & fitness model. her undeniable beauty has graced the pages of magazines, international runways and endless internet pages. including american curves 2019 cover model of the year. as an ifbb pro figure competitor, she has once again garnered international attention as an advocate for a healthy life... as a recovering anorexic, kavvy has found a new passion on sharing her struggles with a life threatening eating disorder that helped pave her success.... which has inspired her to be the founder of the revolution of healing .. a community that focuses on mental health fitness and nutrition.    kavviar was debuted on abc for the nba finals on fathers day 2012 with the miami heat coach and former heat player, kieth askins debuting  custom bowties.. he wore 3 ties throughout the 2012 and 2013 nba finals and ironically they won every game a kavviar bowtie was worn ultimately winning the nba world titles both years...never before had the world seen a swarovski crystal couture tie..  kavviar had a white wedding tie in a bridal shop and a future bride who was planning a cinderella wedding at walt disney world instantly fell in love with the tie and designed 2 unique ties for her husband to debut as my first wedding as a designer. kavviar was an instant hit in the bridal industry and within her first year of business, kavvy was asked to have her ties down the runway for the international trose bridal shows and had been featured as a designer in 2013 and 2014. kavviar 's high fashion runway debut was in june 2017 for kauai fashion week in which the mayor of kauai bernard p. carvalho had a standing ovation when he debuted the sparkly ties. kavviar ties have been worn in india, brazil, china, usa, persia, saudi arabia, england, italy, nigeria, turkey, egypt, indonesia, south africa
in addition to being a mechanical designer, i am part of a business team that specializes in providing mentorship in creating an asset through business development.  the business mentors who are part of this team are experts in all aspects of finance and asset development. in order to minimize risk and maximize upside for our partners, we are always on the cutting edge when it comes to coaching techniques and in creating or taking advantage of opportunities in the market based on past, current, and future trends. as a team we have coached a few hundred people from all different backgrounds and professions in the last 20+ years.
i am interested in branding, product design, and food technology.  phlint is a software development firm with a ux-focus. we base our design methodologies on intuition factors and the agile software development process.
a product designer at google. he designs the future of google search.  also, he is a writer, social media influencer (with over 1 million followers and 60-million monthly views),
i believes that design is not about how beautiful it is but rather it is about how it works. while making any kind of design it is important to keep in mind that behind every design there is a purpose, a need that should be fulfilled. i prefer being creative and operational at the same time.,
a designer turned design recruiter helping designers and startups to find the right match. the transition happened as her experience for finding the right job was pretty frustrating, and now she is trying her bit to ensure that it doesn   t happen with anyone else.  being a designer herself and having worked with start-ups like practo and shopo as their first designer onboard, she really understands the nuances when it comes to screening and hiring designers.   on average, 1 out of the 5 designers, she sends to any company gets hired. she treats herself as the brand ambassador for the companies she is working with and try her best to ensure that designers have a good interview experience whether or not they get selected. few of her clients include flipkart, ola, groupon, housing, swiggy, cleartax etc.
design & executive leadership, brand design & brand strategy, digital & physical experience design  ravi is a multidisciplinary brand and design leader, product developer, strategic thinker and thoughtful creative with over 20 years of industry experience. he is the chief experience officer at lyric where he defines and supports the company vision for the end to end guest experience. he leads a cross disciplinary team of interior designers and architects, brand designers, product designers and writers defining and shaping the branded physical and digital guest experience.   prior to joining lyric, he led the global brand design group for starwood hotels and resorts, overseeing positioning and creative development of all 10 of its lifestyle brands. during his career, ravi has developed and reinvented other world-class brands including w hotels, westin, aveeno, cole haan, and jawbone. he believes that great storytelling creates great brands, and every interaction with the brand is an opportunity to connect with someone on a deeper, aspirational level. ravi holds a bfa in communication design from carnegie mellon university and an mfa in graphic design from yale university.,hampole,
architecture graduate driven to push creative limits by experimenting with cutting edge design concepts. i think broadly and deeply about my users end-to-end experience while meeting business goals. aside from loving all aspects of the design process, my strengths include synthesizing research and taking best design practices to turn them to into meaningful design, time management and collaboration.   you can check out my work at tiffanyeaton.com and writing at 
a passionate designer / founder / ceo trying to create simple, accessible and delightful physical and digital products and services. completed mca in 2015.  started career as intern in vianaar homes pvt.ltd delhi in digital marketing and creating high quality and highly converting, responsive landing pages, using html, css,  jquery and js. creating banner ads. etc.  mflux pvt ltd as a ui developer. responsible for creating responsive mobile first website front end using html, css, jquery, javascript, bootstrap,converting psd to responsive html, slicing psds, creating reusable ui components. etc.  mflux pvt ltd as ui/ux  developer.  responsible for research and implement new ui concepts, understand new ui frameworks and web design trends, integrate new  javascript plugins to enhance user experience, ui bug fixes in ongoing projects, create newsletters, web pages
i dabble in all things computer science, math, physics, and design. i am an innovative and creative designer who believe in a growth mindset. i focus on creating beautiful and user-centered experiences by solving complex challenges. i am an advocate for testing ideas and have in-depth knowledge of interaction design and believe in quality, usability, and simplicity of products new opportunities to learn and constructive feedback are the main motivations that keep me going.  apart from design, i'm researching on conscious leadership and building a growth-mindset culture for everyone in an organization (inspired by carol dweck, robert 
an apparel merchandising professional with over 30 years of experience in the industry. i possess the following skills and characteristics  confident, effective communicator who relates well with clients and colleagues having diverse  interests and authority levels. extremely well organized, self-motivated, consistently using focus and strong attention to detail. function well in fast paced pressure situations where accuracy and meeting deadlines are mandatory. proven ability to instill pride and a positive results attitude, involving and motivating others to optimize goal achievement. committed professional eager to contribute to an established organization working independently and as a fully cooperative team member.  thorough knowledge of the merchandizing industry combined with a flair for design and fashion esthetic that enhances the individual client. attentive to the personal and professional relationship that promotes confidence, respect and quality interaction among the team and personal clients, as well.
hi, i'm an interaction designer focused on creating digital experiences that empower people and solve real-world problems. i am graphic designer and image editor and website designer, i have more than 5 year experience, i worked with top 2 indian company myntra design and urbanclap .
i love the challenge of creating bold, industry evolving products and services that users love as well as building the teams behind them.,matthewcmoore,
web & mobile | motion | logo | brand identity | photography | advertising  ! currently studying design and human computer interaction at carnegie mellon university. my professional experience is mainly focused in ui & ux design but i also love exploring motion, web, print, and illustration.
i'm a product designer with 3+ years of experience. i have designed for both asian and us markets, and have a wide range of experience in systems design, product, and visual design. i love beautiful products and i'm driven to solve complex people
a passionate and versatile product designer focused on clean and scalable user experience, visual and interaction design     working on everything from social gaming to features across google search and maps.       products across 350m places, 200 countries, 30 languages     inclusive & emerging markets     mentorship & speaking (linkedin, gsv labs, aiga),alex2pt0
hi! i'm a software engineer turned product designer passionate about using my technical expertise to break down challenging problems and create scalable & delightful user experiences. i'm extremely keen on using my knowledge in both design & engineering to help designers realize that code is not something to be scared of - but a valuable aid to their work!  i am a recent graduate of a masters in human-computer interaction at the university of maryland.  interests  interaction design, visual design, inclusive design, sustainable ux 
working on my dreams         in usa & uk.  i'm ravi prajapati, my career objective is to work successfully, confidently and honestly to achieve desired target of quality and quantity in any field with professionally managed company-organization, which provides me a growth opportunity to excel in the field of designing and creativity.,
product designer at blend. education lead at inneract project. previously at thumbtack, evernote, and uc berkeley. i love people and technology and am passionate about building products and culture.,slack i'm a product designer with a background in software development, focused on research, ux strategy, and visual design. i'm passionate about designing solutions that are inclusive, delightful, and optimize human potential by following a human-centered design process.  i'm a voracious reader and blogger, motivating and helping women and minorities into the tech industry.  specialties  research, ux strategy, visual design, software engineering  skills user research, ux strategy, competitive analysis, card sorting, information architecture, heuristic evaluation, usability testing, wireframing, prototyping, animations
as a designer, my ingenuity, curious nature, inherent keenness to listen-observe-absorb, enthusiasm to try out new techniques and approaches, not shying away from being a contrarian where needed, ability to recover from mistakes, and cultural adaptability give me that extra creative edge.    scott adams once said, creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. design is knowing which ones to keep.  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *                               pen & paper     ideation     rapid prototyping     wireframing     storyboarding     interaction design     info architecture      mobile design                                       brainstorming     contextual inquiry     affinity diagramming     persona creation     usability study     journey mapping     heuristic evaluation                       &                                              sketch     adobe photoshop     adobe illustrator     adobe xd     invision     figma     uxpin     zeplin     html5     css3     javascript     jquery     angular     react                                           web apps     ios     android     adaptive websites     iot devices                               artificial intelligence     machine learning     enterprise solutions     iot     saas     b2b ecommerce,aishsingh_me
experienced senior business development executive with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. ultimately, i'm very much interested in all kind of web and mobile apps development for both android & ios, erp, e-commerce like grocery and management systems like hospitals and school management, etc., so we provide all kind of it projects & services.  skilled in public speaking, management, email marketing software, leadership, and marketing. strong business development professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in mechanical engineering from bharath university.   yogeshwar 8015243476 / 9176534989 / 7823997456 skype on  live ad32d7b9572c665a techtilt technologies pvt ltd,
you already know your vision. i make it happen.   ** how do you hit that sweet spot between beauty and function  between opulent and affordable  between creative and practical  **  that   s my specialty. designing real-world spaces that work for modern businesses with the take-your-breath-away feel of luxury.   i deliver   - intriguing, eye-pleasing aesthetics     that complement your business   s function - timeless, classic character     that you won   t have to update next year - efficient, well-planned flow for your space     that   s still warm and inviting  whether you   re working with an existing design, looking to make small changes or a drastic overhaul     or starting completely from scratch with a new facility...i can bring your vision to life.   i have experience with  * offices * cafes and eateries * real estate projects * all aspects of hospitality * synagogues * healthcare * salons *  i love to take your ideas and build the entire concept around them, bringing to fruition a design that   s even more appealing than the image in your head.   because my goal is to make sure you are happy and you get what you want   - a customized design that fits the personality + function of your project - a clear, efficient design package that   s seamless to carry out  - an interior designer hyper-focused on every last detail  i   m ready to get started on your project.
,i   m a designer, entrepreneur, and product builder. throughout my career i have consistently created design-forward companies & products and led driven, efficiently run creative teams. my work spans product development, business operation, investing, strategy, brand, and design.  i work at thrive capital and actively advise and invest in companies that work in technology and the internet.
i recently spent the last year on the guest store team at airbnb. i helped ship the best checkout experience for millions of guests booking a home, and led design efforts for delivering the best checkout experience when booking an experience.   with expertise in human computer interaction, interaction design, and design research, i am passionate about shaping products inclusively, with quality, and scalability. but most importantly, creating products that keep all communities in mind.,
when you learn to survive without anyone, you can survive anything little karthick had a dream that one day in his life, he could contribute skill and ideas to people in need
i'm a final year student pursuing my b.tech in information technology from vit university, vellore.   i'm a tech enthusiast, passionate algorithmist and creative designer.   i manifest things into reality.
over the past 8 years i have been engaged in finding means to fully realize my potential in the area of design, not only web design but of design as a whole. i have obtained priceless experience in the design sphere, having worked in diversified environments and with people of different backgrounds and with different cultural perspectives. this experience has given me an opportunity to not only master my skills in design, but to better understand the needs of people, and how to interact with them in the most positive and effective way.  design influences every decision we make from the very beginning of our lives. i live and breathe the thinking necessary to reframe    traditional ideologies    and turn design into a    business tool   . through great design, i create not only beautiful concepts for products or services but also smart    new business practices    that deliver lasting value. i like to experiment with, explore and discover new opportunities that would further bridge the gap between business and design. my goal - is bringing up visual culture.  i need a people who challenge me  i like it when my clients are difficult  ) available for new opportunities in the sf bay area, sf, california. have a work permit in the usa,pasha_francuz,
i am a techno-business leader who believes in co-creating value with every person that i interact with - my customers and my colleagues at work. i believe that there is always an unconventional means to leverage the human potential in making this world a better place and always strive for it.  - co-founded and built technology teams par excellence. - hands-on technology experience of having delivered products & solutions from vision to reality. - deep understanding of product vision, design, marketing and implementation dynamics.  technology expertise  software architecture, business intelligence, sharepoint solutions, cloud computing, saas, mobile,
branding and marketing advisor for emerging brands & international startups. nova specializes in using psychology, design, and media, for impactful storytelling.      masters in clinical psychology     writer, creative director     fashion veteran, in the space since 2001    digital media veteran, in the space since 2007  as the founder & editor in chief of raine, nova curates the next big names in fashion, culture and technology, while inspiring and advising creative entrepreneurs around the globe.   as a content developer, nova identifies and produces inspiring visual and video content, as well as creates custom event experiences. in addition, she consults with creative decision makers on strategy, business development and brand positioning - maximizing the founder and company   s narrative for the greatest impact.  _______________________________________ about nova    award winning fashion designer, nova lorraine, launched raine magazine in 2007 to inspire, empower and educate creative entrepreneurs.   understanding the unique and challenging journey she experienced building her businesses, nova   s mission is to help millions worldwide to never give up on their dreams.    nova has interviewed some of the world   s most interesting entrepreneurs, socialites and cultural innovators
focus on the importance of online communities as accessible spaces for underrepresented and marginalized communities. working at airbnb, i've inherited invaluable knowledge of managing communities at large. this inspired me to form my own project, intern.community, which gives interns an opportunity to network and connect outside of their interning company. in the past, i worked as a user experience designer and researcher in the tech4good social computing research lab.  additionally, i leverage my education in computer science to facilitate communication between designers and developers. in university, i was the president of cruzhacks, santa cruz's annual hackathon, and in industry, i'm able to align stakeholders from opposite disciplines using a mixed multidisciplinary language of specialist knowledge.,
i have more four decades of experience of working with electronics and micro controllers and started learning intel 8035 in year 1979. i programmed intel 8085 using assembly and pl/m language.   since then, i have worked on new range of 8 bit micro controllers from motorola, philips, st micro, zilog, microchip, renesas in assembly and c language and 32 bit arm controllers from st, texas.  i am an electronic hobbyists and designer  and believe in continuous learning and training.  in the last 10 years, i have designed lot of designs/products which are commercially successful.  my strength has been to convert an idea into real shape and then give that design to various manufacturers who in turn take care of production, marketing and sales. i control the programmed micro controllers and get my profit from its sale. programmed micro controllers can not be copied so my profits remain assured.  i believe in sharing and have already made my seven most successful commercial designs open. i have published complete circuit, details and software in an electronic magazine efy.  specialties  embedded development, electronic controller for traffic lights, cctv switchers, vending machines, elevator/lift controllers, rgb led drivers, security systems, dali, dmx512
i believe the 7.6 billion people we share this earth with can and should develop technical skills to help achieve whatever goals they have. i believe tech is the ultimate equalizer.   i spend my days living my purpose as principal advocate for microsoft's power platform--a product specifically designed for tech upskilling.   previously, i lead the global community of 17m people as the chief #ninjacat of the insider program at microsoft.   i spend my nights   - writing fiction and non-fiction books to help young professionals have the careers of their dreams  - running an ethically made fashion line called #primadonastyle tailored in nigeria, kenya and seattle - coaching entrepreneurs in emerging markets on how to turn idea into profit - sharing these stories on stages all over the world - coming up with more exciting schemes  my favorite, favorite job is being a bossy big sister to thousands of amazing humans who want to #dothething.    i was recently named one of fast company   s 100 most productive people in business and cosmopolitan magazine's businessperson of the year.  i love making new friends,
an accomplished design leader, creative thinker, designer, and problem solver for 20 years. i have designed user experiences for products, services, and marketing initiatives for many different organizations/ clients/ brands, including startups, design agencies  i build and lead design teams by providing guidance and mentor-ship. my hands-on approach in creating and establishing the vision and product strategy empowers me and my team to build a cohesive end-to-end customer experience. built and lead many teams of talented ux designers, user researchers
the founder & ux architect at mutual design   . prior to starting up, srikanth led the ux studio at deloitte digital, hyderabad and also led the ux practice for hitachi consulting, india offices in an earlier role. an expert in hci usability, rapid prototyping, interaction design, ux writing, product design, service design & ux training.   a brand manager turned designer who brings in a comprehensive perspective towards ux design by discovering the needs of a business, brand & customers in tandem. srikanth strongly believes in the power of human factors, usability, accessibility and everything user centered design to bring in a radical change and exponential success to any business.   an alumnus of xlri, jamshedpur, a certified usability analyst (cua) by human factors international and certified in service design by copenhagen institute of interaction design. srikanth is an avid reader, a fervent learner and passionate about space, aviation, paramotors, snooker, food & travel.  values  self-reliance
i love solving problems. be it counselling a heart-broken friend or breaking my head to build a complex ux flow - i do them all. i am an engineer from the prestigious indian institute of technology madras but i chose digital experience designing as my profession because problem-solving can go well beyond the limits of engineering.   as a professional, i have worked with some of the well known startups of india like housing.com, zeta and many other big and small names around the world. i presently oversee consumer design at swiggy, india   s largest food ordering and delivery platform.  also, i have delivered 50+ ux talks / workshop at various places including big names like amazon, grab, shopee, practo, idc iit bombay, iit guwahati, nid bangalore etc. when i am not designing, i am either drafting my next design talk, or travelling in some far off country. if you think i sound interesting, drop me a message. we can catch up over a cup of coffee  ),saptarshipr,
experienced human resources manager with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in administration, management, management information systems (mis), recruiting, and performance management. strong human resources professional with a masters of business administration focused in hr from mahakal institute of management,
web designer ( exp- 2to 4 years) html5, css3, dream viewer, photoshop, bootstrap, responsive  2. sr. php developer ( exp- 1.5 years to 4 years) cake php, core php, wordpress, joomla, drupal, ajax, jquery, magento etc  3. php team leader ( exp- 2 to 5 years as sr. web developer) or( exp- 1-2 years as team leader)
i am a highly motivated individual aspiring to be a part of an organization where i can apply my knowledge acquired in a practical situation contributing to an organization efficiently while utilizing my abilities and experiences as well as enhance my skills and grow as a professional.
skateapparel ,i am a speculative designer interested in the implications of technology in our society. my prior works falls under the domain of interaction design and digital art.  my work have been published in wired, fastcodesign, core77, arduino blog, cnn, creativeapplications, animal newyork, psfk, pitapixels, complex etc. and also has been exhibited internationally at the acm siggraph and yahoo! usid academic showcase.  i currently live in seattle and work for google. previously, i graduated from the royal college of art, london and national institute of design, india. i give workshops and teach creative coding and projection mapping techniques at various universities.  i have worked for microsoft inc, google uk, google india and have interned at google, uk and local projects, nyc where my works include developing several interactive solutions for cleveland museum of art, civil debate interactive wall at the bob graham centre for public service
i am eager to work for a growth oriented organization and be part of a designing team where i can noticeably render my creative skills through fashion designing, styling, illustration, draping, and interpersonal skills. i have obtained diploma in fashion designing after graduation. i have achieved many certificates and awards for my creative skills. my interests lies in modern trends and fashion. my designs are inspired from nature and creative art.
i   m a motivated, curious and fun-loving person who believes in pleasant experiences going a long way  be it with the people you meet or the products you interact with. i   m passionate about designing such experiences that aid people to do what they do best  be human.,
multidisciplinary designer, speaker, writer, and digital creator based in detroit. currently working on the next generation of in-vehicle interactive experiences as a senior product designer at general motors. author of laws of ux.
being a creative designer i enjoy thinking uniquely with ideas and trying something new and exciting. everyday i am trying to expand my skills set and always willing to learn something new. i am extremely dedicated to what i create and strive for the best work possible. my previous experiences include interactive design, user experience, web design and print design. by completing these assignments have increased my skills in all adobe design suite programs.
experienced smart product designer with a demonstrated history of working in the smart watch & lighting manufacturing industry. skilled in product design,rendering,on-demand design,computer-aided design (cad), concept generation.
talented graphic design lead with 8 years experience in print and web design who is highly motivated, creative, and versatile. especially skilled in creating and directing corporate and new business design. adept at innovating user experience for the web and multimedia applications. exceptional interpersonal skills with team members and subordinates. accomplished at incorporating the desires of the client with a superior design solution. seeking a company that demands high-quality design to further business goals and professional image.
dear sir/madam,  this has reference to the said position as advertised by you on naukri.com. i have the requisite qualifications and experience for the position advertised & would be interested to apply for the said vacancy. kindly note that i am presently working as a teaching faculty (temp) at nsic (a govt. of india enterprise) since the year 2008  & part time job shri shiv shakti publications. my present earnings per month are rs. 35,000/-& the expected salary is in the range of rs. 40,000/- to rs. 50,000/- per month. the notice period required by me to join the job is 7 to 14 days.  please find attached my resume for your kind perusal. hope that you would find the above in order. request you to contact me in case you may require any further details etc.  thanks & regards,
a versatile art performer, craftsmanship spirit i specialized in textile design, oil painting, and trend board design.   my talents of color interpretation, in combination with my intricate hand-painting design skills, are my core competencies. (design)  i first started researching classicism. after years, i developed a lifelong interest in post-impressionism and impressionism through the use of bright colors and light. i was deeply inspired by ukiyo-e of japanese art also. by absorbing all these qualities into my painting, you may sense the uniqueness of my art. (painting),
interior.product.landscape.exterior.designer. vastu.civil.architectural.consultant  experienced freelance interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in design software like autocad, 3ds max, vray, also have knowledge of microsoft power point msword and other ms office software   s, exterior design, product design, landscape design, public speaking, and construction. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of vocation, interior design focused in interior design from devi ahilya vishwavidyalaya, 
helping great ideas win over skeptical markets by creating brilliant content and resilient systems of communication.,realbenemerson, my key career highlights at airbnb include  asset optimization (image cropping, icons, illustrations) icon design (airmojis, indicators, system icons) localization & screen building (marketing, pr, app store) redline/specs (design cleanup, engineering handoff) templates/libraries (dls, product team specific) visual qa (screenshots, design comparisons, audits),aiboozy,
a creative recruiter trying to get back into the swing of making excellent work for awesome clients. with a background in visual design, advertising, and art direction he uses his talents to design and illustrate high quality imagery from conception to launch. additional experience in project management, cross-department collaboration, and client relations enables this candidate to not only generate creative assets, but coordinate the entire pre/post production process as well.,ohnoneilio,
with more than 14 years of experience, eli started at a very young age, fueled by his passion for classic design (paul rand, saul bass, ray and charles eames, rowena reed, dieter rams, etc.), which later combined with the acquired love for mathematics and computer science. he saw both of these art forms blended in the visual effects industry. eli has worked on numerous films, trailers, and television projects such as snow white and the huntsman, journey 2  the lost island, robocop, ironman 3, carrie, orphan black, joss whedon   s first feature serenity, video games
synopsis  creative leader & mentor. methodical print designer turned digital technician. visual storyteller. amateur atari player. semi-pro nintendo player. athletic junky. aspiring clothing designer. amateur chef. chicken wing connoisseur. boston terrier dad.   bio  a drive and passion instilled from a mother who had me at 18. . a compassion and camaraderie taught while playing little league sports. . a competitive nature obtained from the wet grass to the concrete courts of buffalo, ny. . a student to great leadership gained from my grandfather. who was a professional baseball player. . an old school mentality. work hard and have passion in all that you do. the rest will take care of itself. . a deep affection for the art and process of storytelling. creating work grounded in human truth. . a love and respect for team collaboration and honest communication.  . . . career  first degree, design. second degree, marketing. . two decades of experience in client and agency facing roles. ranging from sr. designer to creative director. . work in the ad world includes  allstate, kraft, coors light, samsung, philip morris, boost mobile, suntrust bank, people inc, seneca resort & casinos, and fraser yachts worldwide. . freelance work includes  new era cap co., dick   s sporting goods, heineken, the charlotte hornets, sacramento kings, and philadelphia eagles. . most recent  learning an invaluable education. thank you
maurice mo woods has over 10 years experience in both print and interactive media. he played basketball professionally worldwide for 7 years, taught undergraduate classes and served as an advisor to graduate students at multiples colleges. he has lectured nationally and internationally and contributed to various media outlets including the wall street journal. maurice self-published, envisioning blackness in american graphic design, a look at how visual aesthetics plays a significant role in advancing the identity of african american culture.   he served as co-chair of education for the aiga san francisco and nationally as a board of advisor for the diversity archive collection exhibition. currently he sits on the board for design ignites change. maurice is also a jefferson award winner. 
every product has an experience.   experiences that will not only engage, inform, and delight their users  but that will also deliver on measurable business goals. as an industrial designer, i design the product that consumer   s experience.  i help corporations empathize with their customer, and then i design engaging concepts that address the product user's needs.  currently, i am a lead industrial designer for 3m design in minneapolis, mn. i lead the industrial design on confidential and new product development for 3m   s healthcare portfolio.  my specialties include user-centered research methods, advanced concept design, 2d/3d visualization, and rapid prototyping. my design work has been recognized with international design awards and featured in the madison, wi museum of contemporary art.
a curious, self driven designer fascinated by how people interact and use emerging technologies, i derive inspiration by observing and engaging with them. i have enjoyed working on concepts and services that include ethnographic research, strategy design and human centered design.,
creative freelance graphic designer with over two years    experience in developing engaging and innovative digital and print designs for clients in a broad range of industries. highly adept at visual strategy, layout development, branding, and print and new media advertising. help clients achieve business development and business growth goals through forward-thinking graphic designs and strategiesservices  logo design       brand identity       packaging design       brochure design       website design       product photography,yugeshiwaram,
i am a design generalist having versatile experiences in different fields of design. i collaborate with people, teams, and businesses to develop design systems, strategies, and processes to create more meaningful and visually appealing experiences. right now, i am working under the realm of enterprise products. in the other half, you can find me fueled up by comics, hip-hop, and some delicious burgers        
i'm a strategic, enthusiastic designer, with a focus on creating fun, interactive, and intuitive products. i crave continuous study in behavioral and cognitive psychology. 
i'm a visual designer specialized in ui/ux, web, mobile & product design. in this field i have more than 10 years of experience. i   m a multitasker with an excellent eye for design, imaginative, well-organized, good-natured, flexible and passionate, who could bring an advanced understanding of visually pleasant and user friendly design, typography, composition and color theory. i love clean and minimalist designs,    simple is better. i believe in simple experiences and inclusive for diverse people.
seasoned user experience and information architect with ability to build exceptional user experiences, expand market share, and increase usability and customer retention. effectively utilizes advanced user research strategy to design solutions that meet consumer and business objectives. demonstrates ability to interview multiple user personas to uncover consumer experiences, problems, and pain points as well as organize the data into scalable market demand and a value proposition with maximum growth potential. ability to communicate important design decisions with key stakeholders and team members. creative design skills that produce viable web and mobile solutions to that solve significant problems within various industries and user scenarios. ability to quickly conceptualize solutions using design thinking, user research, and low/high fidelity prototyping. growth strategy expert with ability to create high growth potential products and detailed high level growth plans as well as implement user testing and analytic metrics to measure results.  technical skills    highly experienced with wireframing and prototyping tools such as invision, axure, balsamiq, ux pin, indigo, and justinmind experienced using flow chart and diagramming software such as lucidchart, gliffy, and visio expert level interaction design skills with tools such as principle and flinto, as well as collaborative design tools like figma expert with adobe photoshop, adobe xd, sketch, adobe illustrator, adobe muse
ux & supply planning professional with a working history in the tech industry.  skilled in user experience, user research, user interface design, design thinking, interaction design, prototyping, and cross-communication. passionate about utilizing ui/ux and supply chain knowledge to create friendly digital experiences.,
soo yun kim is an emmy award-winning designer in mobile product, interaction, and ui/ux design based in new york with a passion for creating digital products, creative design senses, strong interpersonal capabilities, leadership, and attention to detail.    she is a speaker, has presented at a variety of conferences, organizations, meetups, companies, and universities including uxpa norfolk, ahfe, adobe, bkproductdesign, binghamton university, fit, parsons
master of product design & engineering(m.des) (product designers design with plastic,metal n wood. ..like fashion designers do with cloth... ..but we sit in diggy n fashion designers on driving seat!!) ..indian institute of science, iisc,bangalore ..b.e. mechanical engineering 
i'm a user experience/human factors researcher and cultural explorer. i started off my research career looking at cross-cultural use of technology which led to fieldwork in japan and the netherlands as well as forays into global wikipedia communities. at last count i've been to 34 countries. in my free time, i frequently volunteer as an usher at local theaters and festivals. i'm also passionate about neurodiversity and mental health.   i am currently looking for new opportunities in ux/human factors research. i am also a  certified scrum product owner  specialties  ux research, ethnography, design thinking, usability testing, human factors, medical informatics, user-centered design,  healthcare it, product management, social media, native spanish speaker
a graduate of new york school school of interior design, avigail is now a mother of 5 running a company in high demand in nyc and nationwide.   in 2010 avigail founded her firm after working as an in house designer for a new york based operator of high end assisted living and skilled nursing facilities as well as a lead designer for a healthcare specialty construction company specializing in skilled nursing renovation. over the last decade, avigail has built an unparalleled reputation for skillful design and discerning accommodations in the healthcare, commercial, corporate, hospitality, and multi family sectors.  avigail has a powerful voice on linkedin amongst her network and beyond. she has quickly grown her linkedin connections to over thirty  five thousand followers. her style is approachable and firm which is valued by all who engage with her.    avigail eisenstadt design group   ae design group offers boutique elegance and cutting-edge design, delivered with a passion for excellence and tailored to your unique needs.    all of our designers have been trained in the finest and most prestigious institutes of design and bring with them years of successful and dazzling projects.    we have cultivated a network of preferred vendors to maximize value and offer the highest quality products.    each project is designed economically with optimal efficiency and effective use of space.
ux designer with strong visual design chops.  i'm passionate about interior design, fashion, travel, food, music, mental health awareness, inclusivity, community, and empowering women    
hello there. i am a product designer focused on designing physical and digital products that empower people to live better lives.,mercury - banking for startups,product designer
i am a firm believer of design-lead social impact.   i aspire field of design that ought to be accessible to those who need it most. design requires a fine balance of user empathy, usability, aesthetics, keen business acumen and a deep understanding of the users.,
#webdesigner #webdeveloper #seo #wordpress #blogger #digitalmarketing #bloggerinfluencer #jainism
i'm a ux designer with an eye for detail. i'm always excited to dive into a situation to determine pain points, brainstorm ideas, and test out what actually works. i most recently worked in the b2b/saas space for restaurant365, where i designed enterprise-level accounting/operations software for restaurants.  i'm looking for a full-time role in la and am searching for a team that values design, has a structured and clear roadmap, and has committed and charismatic leadership at the helm. please contact me if you have something in mind. i'd love to hear from you!,
author of post covid-19 reboot, a definitive guide to open your restaurant or bar after the shelter. robert ancill is the ceo of and the next idea group. widely considered an authority on emerging and future food trends, restaurant concepts, brand positioning, food service, and design.   based in los angeles, robert has overseen the launch of over 89 new brands and 800 restaurant or caf   openings or remodels. he has worked or consulted with clients in over 24 countries.  born and raised in glasgow, scotland, robert joined the glasgow college of food technology and graduated with the hcima qualification. during his career, robert worked for a range of well-known corporations including  aroma caf   group, the house of albert roux, planet hollywood, house of fraser, safeway, panera bread and hms host.  in 2002 robert founded the next idea, a high energy, innovative international restaurant consulting agency that simply provides     the next idea. the agency specializes in new food and restaurant concept development
a passionate designer who wants to bring solutions by keeping users in centre all the time. experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in search engine optimization (seo), corporate website management, user experience, php, and wordpress. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of engineering (b.e.) focused in computer science engineering from einstein college of engineering.
key skills  -structural analysis -structural dynamics -buildings rcc/steel -design of composite structures (intermediate). -design of prestressed concrete structures (intermediate). -design of masonry structures.
hi! i'm a senior design major at uc davis with a focus in user experience design.  i work at the intersection of design, business, and research - incorporating a data-driven approach to a user-centered perspective. my background working in a variety of settings  academic, start-up, non-profit, and enterprise allows me to be adaptable and prioritize in ambiguous environments.
hi, i am sudhir i have experience of 7+ year in graphic designing, ui designing, and motion graphics   ,gather and evaluate user requirements in collaboration with product managers and engineers  illustrate design ideas using storyboards, process flows and sitemaps  design graphic user interface elements, like menus, tabs and widgets  build page navigation buttons and search fields  develop ui mockups and prototypes that clearly illustrate how sites function and look like  create original graphic designs (e.g. images, sketches and tables)  prepare and present rough drafts to internal teams and key stakeholders  identify and troubleshoot ux problems (e.g. responsiveness)  core skills/ specialties *--    mobile app design for ios & android    responsive web design    user experience (ux)    user interface (ui)    low and high fidelity psd mock-ups  i use creative ways to solve a design problem  i posses strong user experience and analytical skills for both web and mobile.,
hello! originally from toronto, i graduated from ocad university in graphic design. i moved to san francisco to join linkedin's design team. i love working with people and my skills range from visual to user experience design. also a painter on the side!  
i   m a passionate, empathetic ux designer driven to make a positive impact by applying human-centered design to real world problems. i love to create responsive digital products for all screen types that are easy to use and fun for the user. i believe great ux is learning, observing, ideating, iterating and testing.  as an ui/ux designer i have a strong portfolio of web application design that shows a fluency in adobe creative cloud, balsamiq, adobe xd, invision, framer, figma, camtasia, html3, css and unique ways to create wire-frames and cutting comps. while maintaining focus on business goals i never lose sight of developing a maximized user-centered experience. that means meshing your client   s intent and the target audience.
with over 20 years of experience, i have worked in companies small to large, start-up to established, and retail to services. starting in graphic design, bringing a user-design-thinking approach to brand strategy, creative, marketing, operations, and customer experience for enhanced interaction user experience design.   open to connecting for business opportunities, idea sharing, and coffee chats.
creative director with over 10 years of experience working for fortune 500 clients, as well as agencies of all sizes.     start-up mentality with experience managing teams in large organizations.     passionate about visual design as a way to communicate with customers.  i've been blessed with the opportunity to work for a number of amazing agencies that have given me the opportunity to work with clients like     walmart     harley-davidson     hilton     honda     salvation army     honey baked ham     many others  i thrive in cultures where leaders and managers lead by example, roll up their sleeves, and support the teams that deliver a finished product that provides maximum benefit to the client.  whether i'm managing a team or contributing as an individual, i believe that passion for the project, respect for diverse viewpoints, and respect for colleagues and clients is critical.      artistic perspective       i love to create works that marry my client's brand and voice with the message they are trying to communicate to the customer.  i believe that images have a way of expressing what text cannot. emotion. feeling. aspirations. as a motion graphics designer, i also love to push into video to help expand upon that visual impact.  as both an artist and a client-facing collaborator, i know that the real goal of what we do is influencing or changing behavior. that's the focus of my inclusive management style as well as how i set objectives for our final work product. at the end of the day, it resonates with both clients and their customers.,
nice to meet you! i'm michelle!  i'm a third-year design major at the university of california, davis. i was previously an experience design intern at airbnb on the internal tools team for airbnb plus and will be returning to intern again in summer 2020. currently, i am the director of design at hackdavis, where i lead the creative vision of a student-run hackathon. i am also co-director of design at creative media, a design firm on campus where i co-lead a team of visual designers to create graphics and branding identities for everything on campus from coffee shops to music festivals  i began my design journey in high school, where my passion for fine arts turned into designing a variety of graphics for clubs and organizations on campus. i always wondered how i could create a greater impact and how i could use design to help people. my curiosity led me to the user experience design program from the university of california, san diego, where i learned that design is much more than simply aesthetics.  i am striving to become someone with multidisciplinary perspectives and to use my skills and experience to work seamlessly and collaboratively to push the boundaries of human-centered design. i am always hungry to learn and improve and loves seeking new challenges to continually develop myself.
my dream is to become a great storyteller. my dream is to bring my characters to life and share their stories, their passions, struggles, flaws, and dreams to the world.
seasoned ict consultant with 20 years experience in the structured cabling and data center co-location industry.  responsibilities include production of cad/revit design drawings, mdf/idf-elevations-power/cooling requirements, horizontal/vertical cable design, equipment specifications & spreadsheet, vendor response leveling, submittal & rfi responses, field surveys, project punch list, and other tasks necessary required for a turn-key solution.
,designer and entrepreneur interested in how people interact with the world. i create products, services and experiences using design and technology.    specialties  human centered design, service design, experience design, interaction design, design thinking, design research, brand strategy, and business design.,wedistill
i want to be a lighthouse for people who are truly passionate about the impact of the work they do  with my team at the ronin, i   m closing the generational comprehension gap.   young people with their cancel culture, twitter fingers, and severe mental health problems, have the exact same problem as the brands trying to reach them. there   s an indisputable lack of empathy between young people and the rest of the world.   the gap is two sided    there   s a difference between having the emotional intelligence to understand a problem, and having the empathy to solve it.   we built the ronin to enable brands, creators and people to be empathetic to their community or audience.   we built the kinyu to enable us to be empathetic to our own.   in order to build win win solutions between your brand and the community you   ve built around it, people have to empathize with others.   that   s where our emphasis on design comes from ( not simply graphic design, but design in a holistic sense). design + empathy, that   s the key.   if i message you, it   s because as cliche, annoying, and oversaid as this is... nothing makes me happier than being able to help people help others. so let's chat! i have cliches for days.
dedicated professional with a bachelor of applied science (b.a.sc.) in workforce education & development from southern illinois university, carbondale. career-oriented professional with over 15 years of leadership and management experience, focusing the past five years on adult education.  extensive background in training development, facilitation, team building, motivating, mentoring and coaching. excellent problem solver with keen attention to detail while striving to build lasting relationships in dynamic work environments. highly effective public speaker and skilled trainer focused on continuing education and course improvement processes. over the past 15 years, i've led teams ranging from 2-20 employees, while developing tomorrows future leaders with one of the most respected organizations in the world.  a hallmark of my products is integrity and excellence.   hard and soft skills that i possess that will bring value to my employer are          program management                       public speaking, instruction       team building       business administration       mentoring        coaching       relationship building       microsoft products i.e., excel, outlook, word,       powerpoint       attention to detail       strong verbal/written communication       delegation/empowering       scheduling       project management       cross functional team leadership       presentation skills       instructional system design & course delivery       time management       talent development       problem solving        training  i come to work prepared, and give my best day in and day out to my team and organization.  i'm loyal, driven and motivated, and seek to not only better myself, but to motivate others as well
i am a passionate hr strategist, 'future of work' consultant . . . and 'now of work' evangelist. i partner with organizations ready to create and evolve their digital hr strategy, unlock actionable people analytics and create a frictionless workforce experience (too buzz wordy ).  i make work a better experience for employees and for organizations.,ryanmalkes
a competent hr professional with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry.  currently handling talent acquisition and various gamut of hr for my company (appinventiv).  specialties       talent acquisition and management     performance management     deployments, roll offs, redeployment & terminations     manpower planning & budgeting     employee engagement, welfare & grievances     people, account & vendor management     training & development     on boarding, induction & orientation     exit/ full & final settlement  self-motivated professional who achieves results and has superior ability to coordinate and perform several projects simultaneously.,
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry for 7+ years. strong arts and design professional skilled in typography, graphics, illustration, packaging, brand identity, websites and photography. keen to explore ui.  expertise graphic designing, web designing, illustration, publishing, typography & photography.  skills & knowledge  - specialized in illustration - well versed with design software such as adobe creative suite cc (illustrator, photoshop, in design) - basic knowledge about ms office (word, excel, powerpoint) - artwork development and finalization  for printing/production - photography -  a bit of client servicing - taking feedback from client, giving suggestions, discussing projects with clients, setting up meetings
perkins and will,architectural designer ii m.arch, graduated from school of architecture. my thesis focuses on bim . as an architectural designer for 5+ years i participated in all phases of the design process from schematic design through construction and documentation. i have worked on various projects like hospitality, housing, commercial design, renovation, facade design, interior design & etc. i am expert using autodesk revit architecture, autocad, sketchup, adobe photoshop, microsoft word, excel, and powerpoint. experience in schematic design, design development, construction documentation, 3d modelling & visualisation. in addition to my work as an architect i have experience of working as a t.a of freehand architectural sketching workshop.,
i identify myself as a cultural detective. enjoy observing and  an interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in concept development, design thinking, space planning and rendering. strong arts and design professional with a post graduate diploma in interior designing and styling from pearl academy.
gensler professional member of the international association of lighting designers. leading the team to expand the lighting design and energy design services of the esteemed design firm of francis krahe and associates to the midwest and midatlantic regions.  why fka  with light we create original works that are beautiful and functional, simultaneously complex and simple.  we are creative collaborators, engaged thinkers, rigorous executors, and a joy to work with.,light_stefans
hello! i'm a versatile and well-rounded designer with over 12 years of experience. i love to execute the entire breadth of a design process including  initial concept, user experience, user testing, and visual design. i enjoy complex design challenges, problem solving and employ an empathetic approach to design thinking, creating designs that incorporate a user first mentality. i truly believe that collaboration across teams and disciplines create great products and i'm passionate about good design and process.  i have a bachelor's of arts in digital media  digital interactive systems from the university of central florida. knowledge in art direction, management, web design, mobile, e-commerce, software application design, graphic design, connected tv, product design, marketing, advertising, prototyping, typography
enthusiastic designer and sales professional with several years experience in and around central florida's artfully designed and luxury communities. experience with all phases of interior design projects  including initial consultations, conceptualization, final approval, and project execution. additional experience in working with environmentally conscious designs and products. skilled at developing positive relationships with clients to identify their needs and vision, and creating a project to match. interested in continuing professional learning through new challenges and projects, and open to working in both residential and commercial design applications.
you don   t lose you fight because you fall, you lose the fight because you refuse to rise..! artist, visualizer, graphic & web designer) from mumbai.  my education is a diploma in computer engineering from vidyalankar polytechnic. graphic diploma from arena institute. advance web designing course from edit institute.  i love to create abstract paintings. art is my passion.  you can view my recent graphic work on behance, instagram, talenthouse, artstation, and arttora. the links are specified in about section.
i strive to create intuitive and beautiful user experience from conception to implementation, while  constantly challenging myself and learning new skills and technologies in interface design and  front-end development.,
i am a multidisciplinary designer who interweaves user experience, visual craft, and product strategy. i pride myself as a visual problem solver, leveraging my background in digital communications to develop thoughtful, clean, and aesthetically-minded products in order to design meaningful user experiences.   estherhayoungnam.com,threalppa,
as an enthusiastic designer with an entrepreneurship background, i believe intuitive user experience is the most powerful marketing strategy for any successful business.  my interests in the fields of psychology coupled with my background in design, entrepreneurship, business marketing, social media, content development, and my general curiosity and attention to details led me to the world of user experience and interaction design.  i love to solve the problems and make people's interaction with technology and products more meaningful, joyful and productive.  i'm passionate about exploring the connection between user experience and cognitive psychology to make difficult things easy and make technical things beautiful.  ux portfolio   golshid.design
nanopuppet founder & president creator of the proprietary muscle alloy miniature robotics technology that brings each of nanopuppet   s greeting cards to life.   perception robotics electrical prototyping and research engineer primary engineer of prototypical electrical components on multiple federally funded research and development projects (nsf and nasa sbir phase i & ii), including pressure sensitive polymers for wearables and robotic sensors
making the world a better place, one sharp corner at a time. i am a senior ux/ui designer, augmented reality/ virtual reality designer, and art director specialized in different areas such as design thinking and business strategy. i help business scales with sustainability and growth in mind. working in the professional design industry for more than 10 years, i helped dozens of campaign launch, website, and app for startups and small businesses. my process is customized according to different needs. i specialized in entertainment, xr, and tech industry.   art direction experience      provide branding, marketing, and product design strategy in opix360 campaign    provide art direction and branding strategy for trvl porter e-commerce website    provide art direction for tesxr vr concept project in tea tech tequila event    provide art direction for 20+ crowdfunding campaigns     i believe that by integrating immersive technology into digital products and brands, users can have a better understanding of the products and services. xr can increase the sales for the business and since the users interact with content, it is likely that the users will remember the content more, increase their learning appetite and share the content. so i have my podcast, meetup, and workshop in santa monica to help the community on weekends. here is some information about those    
i would really appreciate it if you take two seconds and endorse my skills.,hummingbirdsday,,designer, entrepreneur & street photographer,experienced in overseeing projects, meeting with clients, engineering, vendors & construction. collaborates well with all disciplines. able to run model reviews. proficient in modeling pipe systems, equipment, structural, & cable trays. well versed in p&id's. able to mentor younger designers. experienced in field walk-downs.,a_laison
i   m a 23 year old self taught ui/ux designer who loves to create clean, simple and unique designs. i am passionate about interaction design where focus is on designing interactive digital products and services. i have more than two years experience in ui / ux design and four years in digital design.  i aim to create a niche for my learning, zeal and my aesthetic approach towards solving a problem and making products easy for users. i am eager to gain new insights into the field and i   m always on the lookout for mentorship and advice. 
strong management and leadership skills. exceptional analytical skills with initiative to launch new projects.  extensive experience in project management, real estate, architectural design and sustainable design.,jeremiahfreilly,
april 1,i   m a designer who loves a hearty product debate, hackathons, delightful interactions, and obsessing over visual details.  currently, i   m a product designer on facebook messenger, and head of design over at the penumbra podcast.
i have 3+ years of experienced with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry. skilled in logo design, branding, corporate stationery design, packaging design, brochure design, flyer design, social media marketing, ui ux design. strong arts and professional design.,
i strongly believe that people first, and the rest will follow. my strengths include user-centric product strategy, problem-solving, and delivering design solution at 
7 years experience digital textile designing,i am self motivated, highly creative and passionate ui/ux designer , looking forward to work in an environment where i can utilise and improve my skills in creating minimalist mobile as well as web applications designs.
designit bangalore founder. business leader with 20+ years of experience leading global, diverse teams in strategic design and innovation, business transformation, and experience consulting for international, ambitious organizations.   track record of creating         unified digital and non-digital product-service ecosytems for sustained competitive positioning     customer experience as a strategic brand asset     amazing, motivated, and happy teams of high-performance individuals who achieve great outcomes together!
i'm a product designer making apps and websites. i also offer free 30 min ux consulting for any projects.,we aim to produce beautiful and innovative work that delivers long-term value for our clients and enriches the life of the people who use it.company profile - design edge we take this opportunity to introduce ourselves as design consultants (architectural and interiors).  design edge, as we call ourselves, is a group with ambitious development plans for future.  year 2003, marked the birth of design edge.  prior, we partners worked as freelancers in our specialized fields.  in 2003, we united our talents with ideas to design and build innovative creations.  since then we have been working with clients of different backgrounds i.e, residential, commercial and recreational.  with the experiences and knowledge we have received, we now plan to expand our business, working with esteemed organizations like yours, aiming towards success in today's global competitive market.  we are dedicated and talented architects and interior designers who plan and achieve the difficult objectives demanded by our clients.  we can make the difficulty of planning and building a project seem easy.  it is our passion.  it is our expertise.
looking for design or video opportunities. no longer interested in recruiting opportunities.,things of art and colors     take a front seat among my passions. ever since cognizance took form in my life, details of design started pulling me toward, and when computers entered my life, my life has taken a different trajectory as my very interest transformed into my 'profession of life'.   in roles of different sizes, my 5 years track record spans across the professional projects at creative and advertising agencies, majorly catering to the education domain. i am specialized in stationary & branding, digital marketing, print design, packaging designs, infographics, logo design, product campaigns, typography, promotional/event material, and other illustrations. when it comes to tech tools, i excel at illustrator, photoshop
i am a cross-disciplinary designer with a passion for exploring how people interact with one another and with their environments. i come from a rich educational and professional background which has supported me in 5+ years of roles in interaction design, design process, visual design and rapid prototyping in the domains of ux, wearables and new media.  i believe in studying and practicing design as a discipline that will lead to a utopian world. i am a graduate from nid (national institute of design) and nyu (new york university)    the two places where i focused on learning new design tools and processes to enhance my creative experience.  in addition to digital tools i like calligraphy, watercolors, tea, dogs, and lathe & cnc machines.
experienced customer service manager with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry. skilled in english, microsoft excel, microsoft word, finance, and marketing.
backed by google indie games accelerator, chirag claims to be an inter-dimensional game designer with a zeal to craft experimental & innovative experiences. recently, chirag acquired the 'indie game of the year    award at india gdc 2019 for the game    possessions   , which is the first game from india to launch on apple arcade as part of their launch catalogue. chirag has over six years of experience in game design and production, with genres ranging from puzzle, rpg, match-3, social casino, arcade, and fantasy sports, to name a few.
,i'm a digital product designer with experience working in scaling startup and agency settings, and am currently based in nyc. i like solving complex problems and making tools and products that improve people's lives.   website  rebeccaherickson.com  skills  interaction design, ux/ui, wireframing, prototyping, information architecture and site mapping, customer journey mapping, user research (customer interviews, site visits), workshop and design sprint facilitation, product management, ux writing, brand design, web design.  tools  figma, sketch, principle, invision, adobe creative suite
i love solving important, gnarly problems with really smart people. previously, i've helped reimagine money, dinnertime, and the office. i   ve got entrepreneurial spirt, gm/operator experience in both product and marketing, and a knack for building insanely great design teams  ),
front end web developer and graphic designer with 10+ years of experience as a freelancer. positive attitude, creative spirit, and a detail oriented mind.  i   m proficient in html, css, javascript and ux.
i truly believe that design has the power to improve people's lives while making significant impact on the performance of a company.   i am passionate about creating beautiful, useful, and delicate user interface and incredibly simple and elegant designs that make people happy and more productive. i enjoy talking with real people, collecting data, understanding human behavior, and exploring various product solutions help people achieve their in-app goals efficiently, and precisely.   i've worked for google, amazon, ebay, gap inc., and etc. led discussions in various design community (e.g. stanford product design club, amazon design, material design, xx-ux, hexagon) i am always ready to take a new design challenge!
i am a ui/ux designer with 7+ years of experience. i have done master's in computer science (mca) from punjab university. my working skills include creating ui/ux design for web and mobile apps, making ux designs and re-designing websites. also, converting psds to html/css. my priorities are quality and i respect deadlines.  following are my skills .. - web designing - adobe photoshop - adobe illustrator - html5/css3  - scss/sass - psd to html - jquery - responsive layout website - basic angular  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  beyond my professional career,  1. i used to help people to find the right job for them and help the organizations to find the right candidate to them.  2. and, i used to do some pencil sketching in my free time.
i create user-centered digital experiences for web apps, mobile apps, and connected devices. using research driven design techniques and agile methodologies, i craft products and services that balance thoughtful interactivity with powerful visuals.  with a master's degree in interactive design and over a decade in the creative industry, i've had the pleasure of working with highly visible brands including  linkedin, coursera, hewlett packard, ebay, emc, trinet, exacttarget, bloomberg, the sf giants, 511.org and numerous early and mid stage startups.,bentremper
experienced graphic web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in logo design, software testing, software development life cycle (sdlc), adobe photoshop, and microsoft excel. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in information technology from mahakal institute of technology & management, behind air strip, dewas, ujjain - 456446.,
work for the soul. share moments, take a breather. know that happiness is a choice.   plan is to skyrocket into the future, building great things not just good, while having and growing beautiful relationships and working together towards each other's goals.  life  learning forever. making great great investments in time, health, mind, money and relationships.  (things i) love  as a curious being, almost nothing bores me, design, science, arts, math, etc. arts has a special place, as it is the emotion that keeps us running. what bores me is waiting, standing, going backwards.
hello, world! i aim to create thoughtfully designed products and services that improve our access to essential resources.          my trajectory has been engineering     finance     construction     product design. i believe that systemic problems are too complex to solve in silos, and i'm constantly challenging my skill set to meet these demands. from negotiating contracts in cleantech real estate development to consulting pensions funds on the future of infrastructure investments, i believe that evolution and diversity are key to solving the uber-hairy industry issues.       i read textbooks for fun. currently on my desk  food engineering
i come from an architecture background and i have always been associated with designing for the users and empathising with their needs and functional requirements. after almost 9 years of studying architecture and ux design, i was able to find a synergy between the two and amalgamate both fields in my design rationale and design process in a better way. i have been fortunate in working with diverse domains and technology ranging between augmented reality, touch and gesture based applications for automotive, retail, banking and commercial sectors, enterprise solutions and projects of different complexities. being an architect i have also contributed in designing one of the state of art design studio in my previous engagements. in past 8+ years of my experience with design, i have gained expertise in not only conducting user research, user testing, ux workshops and building complex solutions but also in redefining the design processes and helping development teams to inculcate design as an important tool in their development processes  specialties  user experience design, concept ideation and development, user interface design, user testing, design thinking process, information architecture, rapid prototyping, user research,ajay1411
working with startups, corporates and government agencies on innovation strategy, new product development and service design. master   s in product service system design at politecnico di milano, italy.   - startup acceleration   - design thinking facilitation   - mentoring in service design, ux & cx design.  - user experience & ux research  - design community and events
i am a product designer based in oakland, ca focused on designing experiences that empower people to be more sustainable through environmental and social impact!   i am currently available for a freelance or full-time ux/ui design related role.  currently, i am creating my first startup called ethical icon and volunteering as a product designer for the bay area climate emergency task force (cemtf).  previously, i was a software engineer at apple where i designed and developed multiple internal tools for the apple maps team.  if you are looking to hire a designer who is dedicated to a more sustainable tomorrow please reach out to me! 
self taught multidisciplinary stoic designer.,devomark enterprises pvt. ltd,designer and developer
hi i   m suman and i m working as a freelancer at home and make creative and simple easy to use design like   mobile application(design and development)  website designing (responsive), html5,css3 landing layout, social media poster, banner  flyer, logo,  video editing  banner for website,  ppt for business purpose, flex  newsletter,  browser, magazine,  seo, java wordpress project, e-commerce website etc   ,sumansengar1
i   m a multidisciplinary designer working across brand, digital, web, and performance marketing. in the past 8+ years, i  ve had the opportunity to work within many industries such as digital marketing agencies, tech, retail & the hospitality industry in both mexico and the united states. some of the brands i   ve had the pleasure to work with include uber, airbnb, lola, old navy, sephora, sap, barry   s bootcamp, creativelive, 
i am a web designer who specializes in creating dynamic and beautiful web pages. i have been in the field for nearly 3 years, and have been loving every minute of it. check out some of the links below to see what i   ve been up to lately.
ambitious accounting professional with a background in retail and the automotive industry. i'm a shsu grad with an accounting and international business double major with a minor in economics. i am an entrepreneur at heart and am always open to investment opportunities.   i plan to open a non profit business in the future. i would like some sort of youth camp/program that will expose kids to valuable lessons that aren't taught in school. lessons like the value of credit, how to change a tire, as well as introduce them to different trades. i don't believe we should be forced into believing that college is the only way out, we should be exposed to the endless possibilities.
rockdale,recruiters  please contact me and ask what i may be looking for in terms of open opportunities  don't just scan for keywords!      twenty years of experience on the web, including design and development, content management, content creation, digital strategy, content strategy, and administration      highly skilled in audio production and podcast production, including interviewing and narrative storytelling      highly skilled in creating and fostering grassroots social media campaigns for non-profit, for-profit, and political organizations      creator and editor of revision path, an award-winning showcase of the world's black graphic designers, web designers, and web developers, which is also the first podcast to become part of the permanent collection in the smithsonian's national museum of african american history and culture (nmaahc)      creator of the black weblog awards, the premiere internet event that showcased and celebrated black bloggers, podcasters
hello everyone,  i want a highly rewarding career where i can use my skills and knowledge for organizational and personal growth.   i have 4 years of experience in web, logos, illustrations, banners and brochures design, bootstrap,  wordpress, shopify site design etc.  i believe that my strong knowledge base and great experience are the keys to client satisfaction.   i work on this software    adobe illustrator   adobe photoshop   adobe xd   bootstrap   hub-spots   wordpress  here is my design work gallery  
i'm a swiss army knife in the world of tech start-ups.   i have 6 years of experience in the tech industry and have gained skills that range from       operations     process creation and implementation     negotiation, relationship building     experience design     project management     people operations     facility management     ux design     teaching     public speaking     event coordination  i thoroughly enjoy working on a team that is passionate about their work, excited about creating the best customer experience, and looking to lift up those around them.
self-taught designer who learned everything out of curiosity and passion. with a computer science background, my skills bridge the gap between user experience design and technology.  i believe in solving problems through design in order to improve  people's  lives.
too much interested to put my it / programming knowledge to fetch out quality output to needed it sector , person or company .  skills   php, laravel, codeigniter, mysql, html5, css3, ajax, javascript, sql, xml, api integration  i am always ready to accept the challenges in the it field with the great dedication.  welcome everyone who wants my service and you will not get any chance to be feel bad and you will surely get 100% satisfaction.,
nimba monnemu topkha is an international trade & economics analyst  and a fashion designer of luxury goods. his international trade firm nimba eden park is mandated by many african suppliers of agricultural mineral, seafood and oil products.he is an international trade and economics adviser for foreign companies seeking to source their products from african countries. he is the ceo and founder of nimba eden park ( a global trade consulting firm with a strong root in africa).   nimba eden park assist foreign companies to source their needed commodities directly from our reliable and potential suppliers in africa. he is deeply involved in the international trade development where he assists many african companies to create international trade links with others companies around the world. the company is based in abidjan, cote d'ivoire ( ivory coast ).    he is also a fashion designer originated from cote d'ivoire.  he is the founder of the luxury nimba   s custom-made luxury clothing line that is a abidjan-based company. our areas of specialization are clothes, shoes, handbags and accessories.  we design and manufacture our products in ivory coast. this company was established 3 years ago and is looking to venture in the global markets.,
experienced graphic designer and content creator with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry worked with more than 15 startups skilled in, graphic design, video editing, and content creation.,bysarthak
i love network and like to break security not privacy. i'm a strategist, designer, and engineer with over 20 years of experience building tech products, teams, and operations.  i coach underrepresented professionals working in tech, invest in bipoc founders, and lead teams building tech for positive social impact.  i live in nashville and work globally.
have years of experience in fashion design industry.,manchandas associates as a chef, i have a good understanding of where things should go in your kitchen in order to maximize efficiency.  i want to use my skills to help my clients achieve their dream kitchens while making it as functional as possible for that particular clients needs.  i am changing lives, one kitchen at the time.,
good design is honest and true to its purpose. i live to create practical, commercially-viable solutions that contribute to a sustainable future. 
creative graphic designer interested in making things beautiful. applying strong initiative, energy and confidence to complete projects with limited supervision and think outside of the box. possess practical knowledge in graphic design, social media, marketing, good judgment and discretion with sensitive and confidential information. fluent in spanish and english (verbal and written),
skilled in  adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, adobe indesign, adobe dreamweaver, adobe xd, html & css, keynote, microsoft powerpoint, microsoft word, microsoft excel, wordpress, salesforce marketing cloud, act-on marketing automation  passion doesn't begin to describe me. i'm a visionary designer that obsesses over creating the most compelling concepts then bringing them to life.   ideas are constantly churning in my mind and i make it a point to leverage these in all avenues of design for digital marketing, websites, and email creation.      versatile and flexible creative thinker     i pride myself in paying attention to detail, effectively communicating ideas and meeting client deadlines     i am always looking to learn new skills, techniques, and general knowledge
freelance textile designer with more than 18 years of experience in textile design and currently providing textile design service to many textile design studio, textile mills and various textile firms all-round expertise in the textile industry. specialist in textile design, jacquard design, prints and repeats and for all kinds of textile products  specialties  as freelance textile designer dalbir has experience and expertise in textile idea development, textile design,freehand drawing,photoshop,illustrator,ned-graphics,piece print, embroidery,quilt,jacquards,decoration,beading,colors,styling.inspiration boards.accessories.presentation
when the best-crafted message can mean the difference between success and failure, you call me.   i will make it sing.    i am an employer   s secret weapon. my time in the military has sharpened my mind to a razor   s focus, which i will use to complete my work and make you a fortune.
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in banner designing, user experience (ux), logo design, advertising, and user interface design.
dynamic, highly creative marketing professional             dynamic, highly creative marketing professional with diverse experience encompassing creative, strategy, advertising, marketing initiatives, web design, branding, and graphic design. updated on the latest in social media, pop culture, and current events. consistently utilize optimum creativity to create unique and innovative concepts and ideas. exceptional written/verbal communication and interpersonal skills. excellent organization, planning and time/self-management skills. recognized for leadership qualities and commitment to excellence. 7+ years of remote/wfh design experience, 4+ years of in-house design experience.  conversational spanish and swedish.
december 24,i am passionate about making a difference in the world through effective design. the power of visual design and design research is what gets me up in the morning. i stay current learning ucd principles and design trends through design workshops, research, testing, and online resources. i love to work with people that share my values in design, take risks in trying something new, and who are willing to put themselves out there.
i consider myself at the intersection of design, technology, and business. as a product designer, interior designer,senior interior designer + project management a trained designer with professional experience in ux design and landscape architecture, i love solving challenging problems through smart, beautiful design. i'm a proponent of user research and the use of analytics to develop informed, specific solutions for clients.
i enjoy creating new designs with minimalistic approach and love to see them come alive on screens. i have a very keen eye for detail and creativity. i'm here to provoke changes, to challenge the well-established standards, to go beyond and create a profound change on how we communicate and interact in this world.  i have a very strong inclination towards    keep it simple and slick   . the basics of my design technique revolve around the minimalistic and clean design approach giving the user experience the top most priority. the wireframe and mockups presented by me using my upfront  creativity and design thinking aim at bringing about a delightful experience throughout the product.
i am a skilled, creative & passionate graphic/web designer seeking to work with creative ideas, newer possibilities & efficient expertise.  i have rich experience in visual communication in both web and print advertising. ability to conceptualize new and fresh ideas and develop the same with the good graphic sense for print and web both with the following.. ..} concept branding ..} logo expert ..} corporate brand identity ..} web layout ..} photography ..} visual merchandising ..} animation (2d)  specialties ..} i can visualize and create brand concept according to product and client requirement. ..} strong visual communication. ..} ability to prepare high class advertisement for both print and web.
,i'm a ux/ui and visual designer with a passion for product design that is beautiful, innovative, and smart. i'm an expert in user interface and user experience design, usability testing, user research, wireframing, and prototyping. i have strong design thinking and conceptualization ability. my visual strengths include color theory and typography.  note  portfolio upon request only.   specialties  user experience design, user interface design, ucd methodology, wireframing, high fidelity prototyping, usability testing, user research, responsive web design, visual design, sketch, invision, adobe creative suite cc
i often hear people say when describing their work - well, we're not curing cancer here.... i feel strongly that i want to approach my life with a determination to make as strong an impact, if not more.   i am a product designer with a passion for behavior change. i am a systems thinker that gets excited about dissecting complex processes and flows. i am deeply empathetic and fascinated with human psychology.   my background has been varied, but at the core i love to conduct user research, design experiments, analyze data, and be able to provide insights that drive product decisions.  outside of design, i have a passion for leadership, entrepreneurship, and leveling the playing field when it comes to opportunities for everyone. i was a career pivoter and believe in evaluating someone's potential, attitude and mindset because skills can always be taught. if you have similar interests/thinking,
ui/ux designer, spanning across many related areas such as user research, user interface design, visual design, wire-framing, prototyping, service design in mobile and web application. i strive to help products and enhances user experiences on every digital platform.
i am full-time student majoring in animation and minoring in filmmaking. am an ambitious, outside of the box thinker, and a very hard worker. i have a passion for everything i make and or do.
i found my passion in ux design because it embodies solving problems through empathy and deeply understanding the user   s needs and objectives. i love storytelling and making life simpler for humans.      9+ years of graphic design experience with various clients in different fields     1+ years of ux research & design experience     able to develop prototypes ranging from paper and pencil concepts to high-fidelity designs that represent both the visual identity and interaction model required to ensure user success     expert-level skills in adobe create suite, invision, cinema4d, sketch, axure, and framer.js     coding capabilities in html, css & javascript     fluent in modern (responsive design) web standards
my multidisciplinary background helps me cultivate engaging experiences for a variety of purposes and to think with a holistic approach. i always stay in tune with emerging technologies and actively foresee opportunities to innovate.
senior graphics designer with 8+ years of experience in infographics designing, report formatting, brochures, promotional images with data visualization, business ppt specialist, ui, web, apps, pagination ads, user interface design, print media, infographics, designing newspaper advertisements and templates, mockups. possessing a strong willpower to utilize the skills and ability in the industry. looking to leverage my knowledge and experience into a role as performance coach.  specialty     planning concepts by studying relevant information and materials.     strong expertise on graphic principles, color theory/pallet.     illustrating concepts by designing examples of art colors, images, text style
i am a manager, strategist and product design consultant.   prior to joining airbnb, i was the design director at life360, a venture-backed company focused on location sharing, safe driving and home automation for families.   i collaborated for 10+ years as a product designer for startups and established companies like nike, amazon, and microsoft.   i co-founded next fitness, a data-focused fitness company enabling people to live healthier lives one workout at a time.   i received an ma from the university of the arts london and live in portland.
i aim to make people   s lives easier with a thoughtful approach to design. i believe transparency builds strong teams, and stronger products.
i'm a product designer + maker + dreamer. i design experiences that help humans adapt to emerging technologies and continuously explore and question new modalities of human-computer interaction. 
senior designer + non-profit board director,  creative graphic design specialist with 10+ years of experience in the management of the complete design process, from conceptualization to delivery. expert at interdepartmental coordination and communication. skilled with adobe creative suite (illustrator, photoshop, indesign), microsoft office suite, and web design applications (dreamweaver, html). able to stretch the boundaries of web page design and digital storytelling to help my client   s brand stand out.
i currently work as a product designer and a strategist at linkedin. in the past few years i have worked in the consumer, enterprise and fin-tech spaces. i began my career as an industrial designer, and carry forward the same design thinking and problem solving approach within the digital space.
experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in html5, css3, bootstrap3 ,bootstrap4 ,materialize,foundation, java script, sql, basic php,basic react js, jquery,  and core java. strong engineering professional with a b.tech focused in cs from iet college.,
tiffany chan is an art director and multi-disciplinary designer. she has worked on a variety of print, digital, environment, product, and packaging projects in the worlds of education, fashion, food, and art.  her curiosity for these fields began as a young immigrant from hong kong  tiffany was driven by the question of how to communicate effectively     and creatively     across different cultures. this lead to her love of language, both written and visual.  for tiffany, design has become a means of further translating the world through work. additionally, she regularly photographs and writes copy on the projects she produces, further offering a unique perspective on all that she creates.  tiffany is passionate about helping you communicate your next project with clarity, originality, and maybe even a pun or two. feel free to say hi. __  strengthsfinders top 5 attributes  intellection,
i am a freelancer in graphics/ux/ui designer. i have about 4+ yrs of professional experience . i am pro with below software   s , adobe photoshop ,adobe illustrator , adobe in design, coral draw , adobe premiere pro, adobe after effect, adobe acrobat, audio audition, sound booth harmony, adobe flash player , adobe fire works,ms-office, microsoft publisher,adobe xd, sketch,prototyping
i am a product designer obsessed with understanding the why behind user needs and business goals to create human-centered products and experiences that also solve business problems.   i love designing from start to finish   1. conducting stakeholder workshops to understand and get alignment on business goals and success metrics. 2. conducting ux research to understand user pain points and unmet or underlying needs (sometimes almost exclusively in the context of the business goals identified).  3. synthesizing data to draw up insights and frame the problem that needs to be solved. 4. conducting design workshops and designing solutions  creating wireframes, visual design, and high fidelity prototypes. 5. conducting usability testing and iterating on designs as necessary. 6.  working closely with developers to ensure a smooth and efficient design implementation.  i am a highly collaborative individual. one of my favorite parts about working in the field of design is collaborating with people from different disciplines. nothing gives me more joy than partnering closely with product and development teams to synthesize data, design solutions and ship features out that produce results and meet our success criteria.  feel free to reach out to me if you like talking about design, cricket, sneakers, and ranch. i also love writing. 
i am a product designer with more than 4 years of experience. i currently work at linkedin. have been previously at groupon, amazon, flipkart and inmobi  the biggest motivator for me is to build delightful products and to create an impact as a designer. i would never start designing something without investigating the problem. this makes me naturally chase both qualitative and quantitive data. to champion overall user experience and to ship products in an effective way, i make sure to work in close collaboration with cross-functional partners. above all, i am always keen to learn something new, be it about the products i ship or a new design tool.,
preparation of architectural drawings in auto cad, cross sections and elevations.      working 3d elevation in sketch up      quick learning and hard working.      confidence.      good communication skills.      punctuality.      can easily adapt to any new implementation      team working spirit.,
august 10,user experience designer with over 11 years experience designing for dynamic user-centered guis on web, desktop, mobile applications and devices. recognized as an innovator, problem-solver, and advocate for the user. passionate about creating visually compelling user interfaces based on user-centered design principles and best practices, created through an iterative process from concept and wireframe to pixel and code.  hands-on experience with all stages of web and software product design and development, from customer / ethnographic research, requirements gathering, interaction design, visual design, prototyping, production and usability testing. writing & illustrating brand and usage guidelines. optimizing images, creating icons, illustrations, mock-ups, wireframes, formatting text, excellent manual and digital skills in photoshop
american express,senior product designer ,a lifelong learner with a demonstrated history leveraging a well rounded skill set in research and technology. currently studying computer science at middlebury college. interested in developing novel tools to aid scientific research, day-to-day activities, and more.   passionate about graphic design, dance, and peace education. is the national junior representative with the non-profit international peace education organization cisv.  skilled in python, spanish, java, adobe illustrator, leadership, and github, and much more.,
i   m a user experience specialist with an interest in building research-based products. for over 8 years, i   ve been serving businesses to find the right solution for their product.   when i   m not on the job, i love doing illustrations and working my way through every recipe in the family cookbook and indulge in my love for seeing new places.  if you   d like to learn more about how my services can help your company,
i have over 20 years experience in design/detailing. truly enjoy & quick at learning new things, i dedicate myself to the project i'm working on, wanting to make sure it is perfect to me. i'm not afraid to make executive decisions on the project to keep it moving forward. enjoy making things come to life on the computer especially in 3d and then seeing the final product in real life. i can look at the product and say to myself that i created it, truly amazing feeling. i'm passionate about what i do and dive into my projects fully everytime.  if you would like to know more about me or have questions please fell
i'm a product designer specializing in product strategy and execution for digital products across different industries in finance, entertainment, and enterprise tools.  i love to design friendly products that put people first, supporting their goals and aspirations.  go-to-tools  sketch, figma, adobe cc, procreate , and pen & paper.,jtcprod
product designer focused on visual and interaction design.  i   m the co-creator of hack university where i make tech and design content. we   ve garnered over 85k followers on instagram. 
a multidisciplinary strategist, product designer and art director. he is currently spearheading product at the envoy group     an agency specializing in brand, product and experiential to create a connected consumer experience for our partners.  prior to envoy soren led design and rebranded third & grove, a distributed agency with offices in boston and san francisco. in his time at tag, soren worked to shift their positioning from a development shop to a full service agency, while managing day to day design operations.  in early 2020 soren and his business partner will launch cardboard companion, a mobile application for board gamers to shop, play, meetup, network or track their gameplay stats. product is currently in private alpha.  soren is passionate about early stage startups, financial technology, leadership, product design, the implications of technology in our lives and candid conversations.,
trained as a human-centred designer from carnegie mellon university, ketki is passionate about creating practical and impactful solutions for complex problems. she is an animation and film design undergraduate and can couple her strategic thinking skills with aesthetic and compelling designs to create beautiful experiences.   she values organizations that work on diverse projects, take initiatives to help their employees grow and maintain a healthy work-life balance.
design lead for worldwide products from scratch to launch, working closely with pms, engineers, marketers, and other stakeholders      expertise in user-centered design methodology, user research, prototyping, user testing, visual communications, and coding  
i am a self-learned motion designer who helps in telling a product   s story, guide users, improve usability and make the user   s experience responsive and fun.
working on bringing video products to linkedin. been working in the content space for more than 5 years, with a lot of experience video and multi-media.,mauroofahmed,
ux/ui designer and front-end developer.  specialties      user experience design     user interface design     graphic design     interaction design     sitemaps      competitive analysis      graphic design & branding     information architecture     wireframing & sketching     storyboarding     brainstorming techniques     prototyping     design specifications     graphics creation & production     art direction     design process & tools     persona & usage scenarios     design standards & guidelines     agile/scrum teams     xhtml & html5     css & css3     html email design     jquery     haml     twitter bootstrap     corporate identity & branding     digital marketing,adamjgomeziterateux
looking for job change in ui & ux designer. working as ui / ux designer, but have experience in multiple roles like front-end development, back-end development, search engine optimization, google ads, agile project management.,
i am a game designer and writer dedicated to creating fun experiences for people all over the world. the shared social experience of games can bring people together and give them a strong basis on which to form relationships and connections.  i love being a part of that.,samuel_w_bailey,
,i'm an impact-driven designer with limitless curiosity. along with creating delightful experiences that are designed for the user, i enjoy telling the story behind it. i'm naturally a mobile first thinker with responsive design experience, and over the last year have expanded my learning and interests to be a design system contributor.  skills and interests  mobile app design, user-centered design, product thinking, ux storytelling 
bringing ideas to visuals, motion.  i   m a problem solver with +10 years of creative experience, which fortunately has given me  opportunities to build & lead teams and execute projects (presentation design, web development, events, print design).   breathing life into the brand   s story is a passion of mine.  presentation  technical skills  adobe creative suite, photoshop, illustrator, indesign, keynote, ppt, microsoft office, google apps suite, basecamp, airtable, smartsheets, dropbox, seo, php
dear all, thank you for visiting my profile.  i hope you all well !!  i am #looking for a #remote #job. i am sr. web designer and wordpress deveoper , having #experience of 4+ years.  i can give a confident solution in various web technologies, primarily focuses on client satisfaction with the best solution they can have and build the long term relationship that can lead to mutual growth  i hold great hands below technologies  1. desiging in mvc framework like #codeigniter  2. worked on #theme #customization  3. #emailtemplate design  4. maintenance of websites.  5. #html and #html 5 + #css and #css3 + #bootstrap  6. #wordpress + #woocommerce  7. familiar with # linux, #windows os  8. familiar with #visual #studio #code, #sublime text editor  9. #ebaylisting template design  do share with your connections, or dm me.
around 3years experience in qa engineer  experience in manual testing prepare test cases & executions  functional & user testing. design testing &ui testing . experience about load testing and performance testing writing test cases.,
what good will it be for someone to gain the whole world, yet forfeit their soul  or what can anyone give in exchange for their soul ,
9 years  experience in web and mobile ui design and development, for iphone, android, ipad.  key responsibilities include   responsible for creation and integration of user experience for mobile apps.  working on usability analysis to create better user experiences.  specialties  multi channel mobile application design, ux, web application gui, usability, user experience design. little bit of knowledge in php.,
with more than 8 years of impeccable learning and development experience with a wide range of audience.  she has trained more than 10,000 participants across the globe. she has conducted more than 2000 train the trainer sessions.  her forte lies in conducting sessions on customer service, sales & negotiation, presentation skills, creativity & innovation, business communication skills, corporate grooming and etiquette, personal effectiveness, time management, stress management, first time managers and leadership development to name a few. her energy is what makes her experiential outbound team building sessions a great success.  khyati   s expertise lies in servicing various learning and development projects across industries like automobile, pharma, fmcg, healthcare
people oriented ii strong negotiation skills ii belives in smart work. bring out the best of both worlds as we value your smile. designs best to luxury cloth  the contemporary environment that lets you look different each day, every day. let   s celebrate each day with riva fashion designer and be that shining star in every one   s life. riva fashion designer has a wide range of ensembles. explore our galore of striking rich colors fused together with exclusive stonework, carefully sequined work, intricate designs with bold embroideries, to make you feel and look like an empress.,riva9singh,
a designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. i'm a perfectionist by nature and that one quality ensures persistence and obsession in my work. i tend to keep working till i attain a level of satisfaction in my work, professionally, it must be combined with smart work as well as time management to always adhere to dead lines. fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. we have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down. creativity cannot be achieved by monotony or by impeding ideas. the brain has to constantly be into an over drive. i believe in taking inspiration from all the amazing works of all designers alike, but never in replicating them because i prefer to leave my personal signature on every piece of my own work.,
experienced designer with strong background in architecture & lighting design.   master of architecture (m.arch.) focused on architecture from university of southern california.  professional in computer software/ applications such as  autocad, revit, photoshop, indesign, agi.
having worked in the carpet and rug industry since last 10 years, i believe in understanding the needs of the consumers and then designing accordingly. i try to keep myself updated with the latest trend in the market. i also try to be as creative as possible and can work for long hours.  designing ,to get the size form flood inn ,to get the traces from plotter, developed prints, providing design layout to scale in architectural rendering for flooded floor plan & managing follow the production. entire home furnishing range ( wall to wall carpet), kitchen and table linen and floor coverings.  * outlook 2007 and outlook 2003 (e-mail) * adobe photoshop * adobe illustrator * coral draw * auto text, * cad (ned graphics) * auto cad * microsoft office and other common office software tools.,
i am keenly interested in growing my skills in the field of ui/ux design and contributing to the same. i aspire to apply my knowledge in the real world and come up with innovative and practical solutions. my interests include ui/ux design, graphic designing, typography, magazines, logos, illustrations, brochures,banners & flexes and other promotional collaterals. i have had the experience to work as a graphic design intern in a few startups. i am a team player who maintains a positive attitude and outlook. i have the ability to stay focused in stressful situations and can be counted on when the going gets tough.  when i am not working, you will find me indulged in music, movies, food and friends.  i love meeting new people and learning new things.so, feel free to say hello and share as story.,
we have over 15 years of design experience and have demonstrated success transforming client ideas into beautiful, functional design solutions. our mission is to create high-end spaces that truly reflect our clients' style and personalities. we encourage the out-of-the-box thinker and individuality. at delinda davis designs, we are prepared to lead your unique design project from start to completion, on-time, within budget, and with excellent quality.
failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. ... my passion in life has always been in high technology and pushing the boundary of technical progress. growing up in a country where life was constantly challenging and not always fair to people of lower economic status. to give back all the opportunity that was given to me after i moved to the us, i have made a mission in life to be highly successful in everything that i do. therefore it always excites me to learn more and come up with new ideas to solve the challenges that we all share. my fervent desire to add values to the world has always been my core principle.  in my quest for success, i have jotted down ideas and laid down plans to meet my objectives. this planning has placed me on an exciting journey that constantly puts me outside of my comfort zone. although i have ultimate belief in my visions, i know from several selected advisors that i can   t do it alone, it will take a team of high performing individuals to make an idea come to life. in this pursuit, i   m always building new connections and continuously searching for high performing individuals to make it all a reality.
i'm a passionate experience designer dedicated to creating meaningful experiences through my user-centric designs targeted at problem-solving.   i am extremely competent in converting ideas, spoken and written words into highly interactive layout and format to create a seamless, unforgettable new user experience. i like to back my design process and work, created by using discrete tools and design thinking, with high yielding research work containing of plethora of various methodologies, methods, and tools, in order to keep myself updated with current trends and forecasts and market demands to form design system and strategies, increase effectiveness and functionality of the final design product and service.  my industry's hands-on experiences in project management and animation movies have equipped me with expertise in strong design aesthetics, design strategies, effective communication, presentations and public speaking feedback management active listening, problem-solving and quick decision making. this makes a unique successful blend of being creative and pragmatic, which gives me a higher edge over my competition.,
experienced interface specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. skilled in user experience (ux), microsoft word, public speaking, html, and teamwork. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of engineering in computer science department.
i believe that the tech industry's ability to engage with the implications of what it produces grows slower than our ability to build new things. hence i take a historical, social approach to the construction of technical artifact     through thoughtful analysis of software, the conceptualization of society it encodes within, and of societies it overlooks. i hope to build knowledge and human infrastructure, through the development of technological infrastructure, that sustains through the aging of our industry.,zeerakahmed,
i have experience of working in a variety of sectors and am equally happy working in graphic design and web design. i have a solid and up-to-date understanding of user experience in graphic designing. and i have a 3 year experence in graphic designing . i work in photoshop, illustrator, corel draw and adobe premiere pro which enables me to design & build effective, original and user-friendly responsive graphic.       around 3 year of experience in graphic designing,
a ux designer  obsesses with people   s stories. i scrutinize stories, empathize and create products with rich narrative contexts.  check out my portfolio with interaction design, product concepts, prototyping,
hello, i am a professionals who have experience in the field of logo design, business card and other stationery design & social media design. we believe your satisfaction is my success!
civil and land development projects experience       preparing base map using survey or gis data (creating existing surface, boundary & subdivision and preparing vicinity maps)     site development concept plan.     rough grading, fine grading and final grading plan      storm drain and storm water management plan.     site planning.      earth work    cutting & filling volume calculation   .       utility plan wssc standards.     erosion and sediment control plan    swale, sediment trap, earth dike, stockpile & pond   .      drainage area map plan.      wssc projects.      maintenance of traffic plan.      roadway design such as horizontal and vertical alignment (geometric design, corridor, cross section & profile, labeling and creating dynamic tables) using civil 3d.     bridge designing    civil & structural   .     railroad designing using csx standard.     structure schedule and detailing     swale, bio-retention, sediment trap and pond design.     as-built cut sheet for water and sewer design.     civil design for both dry and wet utility plan including water management systems.     boundary plats and easement plats during pre-design and design phase.     perform civil engineering tasks including site design, land development and stormwater management systems using civil 3d     exhibit and floodplain delineation 
as a senior architect at burns & mcdonnell, i have the pleasure of providing new and existing clients with excellent service     leading or supporting several automated warehouse, manufacturing, food and consumer products, energy, sports, and governmental projects.  in my previous role at chipman design architecture, i was assigned to the chick-fil-a design team as a design associate at the chick-fil-a corporate support center. i managed multiple design partners in northwest, midwest, mid-atlantic, southwest, and ontario regions. i pioneered the regional pipeline design associate role and hired, trained, and managed design associate team. i applied corporate big move and cross-organizational priorities to create innovative restaurant design solutions.  throughout my 12 years of experience, i   ve successfully innovated, built, and managed facilities     working as a project architect and bim manager for a variety of healthcare, public, and municipal projects. for more than a decade
trained as an architect designing physical spaces, i currently craft digital experiences at twitter. i brought along the same passion for user-centered design, aesthetics, and complex problem-solving skills. i seek to inspire and delight with my work.  specialties   scenarios and workflow analysis, information architecture, interaction design, wireframing, prototyping,  motion graphics, visual.  keywords   passionate, creative, lifelong learner, doer, coffee drinker.,
designer, roman renaissance art lover, tea addict. acting at the junction of aesthetics and mathematics to create a strong, lasting and remarkable design. i blog about design in my free time. check me out on dribbble or medium. resume attached below,
hello this is harmeet (expert web designer & developer ) 4 years of passion for web design & development. i am a front-end developer who can take care of your website from scratch to advance stage, from theme customizations to unique features.  my main skills are  ui/ux design, programming languages such as html5/css3/php/js, wordpress, mobile design, server management, load-time reduction, and performance enhancement.  i am a friendly, professional worker who will be happy to help you. i have worked for lots of people and companies from bloggers to big businesses around the world.
web developer specializing in front end development. experienced with all stages of the development cycle for dynamic web projects. my skills include html, css, bootstrap, javascript, jquery, and graphic design.,
ever since i was 13, designing has been my passion.i have grown my skills in photoshop, coreldraw, illustrator, cad, 3ds max and parallel learn codding.          i love applying responsive design principles and watching my web pages shrinks into mobile screens and still look amazing. i also love to solve customer's problems with modern technology.  professional skills  html | css | xd | java-script | illustration  | designing,
i am a multidisciplinary designer specializing in user interface design, user experience and impactful video production. i recently graduated from ucla, majoring in design media arts and my goal is to create experiences that inspire and engage. using extensive research and deep conceptualization, i help move ideas from incubation through new product execution. i am proficient in adobe photoshop, illustrator, aftereffects, premier and more, and have been studying design fundamentals such as typography, motion graphics, color and 3d modeling in my curriculum at ucla.   i have a great passion for design and a simple but modern aesthetic. i thrive in a collaborative environment and am driven by evolution and the pioneering of new ideas. whether i create videos, design websites or construct ui   s and logos that can be understood by everyone, i look forward to contributing my talents at the intersection of art, technology and business.,
as a designer, i stand at the intersection of business and technology. i find joy in simplicity, and i'm a creator at heart. what do i bring to the table  a commitment to quality and a willingness to learn.,
,september 13,designing is my hobby. i love photoshop, illustrator and xd. my experties are web page design, app design, brochure design, flyer design, bussiness card, wireframe design, social post and etc.... designs.,
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in adobe creative suite and customer service. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in graphic design from mississippi state university.
a designer with product vision. former pm for b2b2c products. specialized in enterprise tools, data visualization and design strategy.  currently working on uber internal tools to increase operation efficiency and facilitate high-quality decision making.
i am a ux researcher & designer passionate about delivering clean designs with the best user experience. i love to generate new ideas and devise feasible solutions to complex problems. my expertise includes designing through formative research, task analysis, wireframing, prototyping and moderating usability studies for the development of the user-centered design.  for further details, check out my portfolio.,
mechanical designing i industrial design i product sourcing  i process designer i factory 
wish to become an expert in the field of iot.,aepl ,experienced user interface designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in wireframing, graphics, logo design, user interface, visual design, user experience, and typography. strong information technology professional with a diploma focused in graphic design from arena animations.
currently in nyc, living with intention and surrounded by all things beauty, fashion, architecture and culture.   proudly blending life experiences in and out of toronto and new york city. growing a global network of driven like-minded individuals who are drawn to marrying eclectic energy.  leading with worldly, but admittedly, canadian values.   a fearlessly creative and digitally focused leader responsible for creating digital and social programs for consumer and corporate clients alike. the objective is to present high-quality deliverables by planning, designing and implementing digital plans and providing insight into emerging global trends and technologies.  on the hunt to feed an unquenchable appetite for taking risks and backing big ideas with insight that hasn   t been proven yet.   i question the conventional business models with ideas of how to best disrupt unsustainable methods. nysid & parsons is where i connect with innovative pioneers that are tackling pressing issues, with simple solutions.   guiding a human transformation, that will collaborate with multidisciplinary hierarchal systems is what excites and motivates. this  lifestyle of continuous learning promotes global awareness, we need this. now. //,
on the journey from not knowing to knowing - richard saul wurman,kaurdsgn, i believe the grittiest problems can be solved with unwavering curiosity, diversity of thought, radical collaboration, and a whole lot of intention. to me, that's what design is all about.  i came into product design through the unconventional path of medicine, intending to be a doctor. it's an interesting and long twisting story, but it boiled down to reflection, self-education, a bit of luck, and insatiable drive. two years after transitioning from medicine, i became a ux strategist, and i've been building my design career ever since.   in the last six years as a designer, i ...  - designed for brands such as disney, hard rock cafe, florida hospital, and gopro. - worked on a diverse array of platforms, from native apps, responsive web, to hardware. - shaped experiences in education
a lead product designer, i   ve designed mvps across several verticals, launched across domestic & international markets and designed a feature to support checkout as a member of instagram   s shopping team.   i lead with ux strategy  managing expectations is an expertise.  user research is bae.   fun fact  i started out as an archivist at lalaland. today, i design products for tech companies, design agencies and start-ups. i manage the end-to-end design process, work with stakeholders to move beyond perceived limitations, and have a participatory approach to creative leadership.   portfolio over at allykeller.com  parsons school of design. cornell tech. general assembly.
hello. i'm an elearning creator and instructional designer. i create custom elearning courses for your company. i have created elearning courses and instructor-led training (ilt) for customer care, online retail, medical and pharmaceutical,  mortgage loan sales, compliance, leadership, software applications, financial investment products, hr policies, anti-harrassment, mental health in the workplace, diversity and inclusion awareness, and more,elearningbydana,
i think the use of technology, especially online and interactive technology, has become an essential facet of facilitating teaching and motivating learners in any subject area. i regularly move beyond the theory to develop interactive learning objects and online tutorials, along with integrating web 2.0 technologies, social media,digital marketing, mobile apps where appropriate, to encourage learning.,sheldonjlo
a strong-headed and determined candidate with combined interests in on-field investigation and intelligence led research. exhibits strong communication skills, analytical and leadership skills reinforced by academic and work experience in a private forensic laboratory. adopts a logical and methodical approach to solving complex problems using a variety of scientific techniques. ability to effectively lead and collaborate with a team in challenging, time-pressured environments as well as an avid learner.  professional collaborations, opportunities and projects always welcome.  domains preferred- digital forensics, crime scene investigation, research & security  i am a post graduate with a degree in forensic investigation (msc) from cranfield university, united kingdom as a british council scholar. bachelor's in ayurvedic medicine and surgery (bams).  trained in  investigation & evidence collection, analytical techniques, reasoning for forensic science, forensic intelligence & exploitation, investigation of explosives & explosive devices, hazardous forensics, digital crime investigation, trace evidence, courtroom skills.  intern at interpol, igci, singapore  i conduct training in   -evidence management -forensic investigation -digital forensics -crime scene investigation -3d reconstruction of crime scenes -questioned document & fingerprint analysis  in the past
helping brands and businesses create their identity and perception. experienced freelance designer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in microsoft excel, microsoft word, data entry, microsoft powerpoint, and javascript. strong arts and design professional with a bs focused in computer engineering from bahria university.
i   m a multi-skilled designer passionate about arts and technology. owner of an extremely creative mind, i   m always thinking and making beautiful things. i have a special crush for mobile design and cute iconography. during my free time i enjoy capturing beautiful landscapes and eating good food.
managed client's website design from concept to final product. i provide effective and functional web designs to company that met their specific business/personal needs. i also provide competitive market analysis on the e-commerce site and proposed suggestions to the design and available functionality and performed routine updates, upgrades and overall maintenance of the website. ensured accuracy of website content by thoroughly editing and cross-checking  ),kanwalyaseen01,
interior-exterior-design i am confident, competent and imaginative interior designer and 3d designer with extensive experience of working on residential and commercial project. i have interior design diploma at jjaada academy of the interior design and art in london, kitchen and bathroom planning design course at chelsea university of the arts and master degree in landscape architecture. proven track of experience in both exterior and interior design. fluent communication with customers covering requirements analysis, discussion, solution proposals, planning, designs and presentations. excellent software skills in 2d and 3d computer visualisation tools like autocad, archicad, sketchup - v ray, artlantis, photoshop or vectorworks. significant technical knowledge and experience in architectural detailing and compiling drawing packages. ability to create and present design solutions satisfying specific needs for each individual customer.,
hi we are a team of professional graphic designer with an experience of over 5 years in the field. we run our graphic designing business both physically and virtually. we can design any kind of logo design, banners, poster and stationary.,
working as a ui/ux designer for the past 8 years. have been working with some of the leading clients like telenor, etisalat, jazz and creating digital platforms for more than 7 different industries including healthcare education, telecom, fintech and more. my job has been taking an idea of a digital product, and making it into the a user - centered design by going through the steps of researching, brainstorming, wire-framing, prototyping and mocking up.,
puma designer offers professional and high-quality graphic design services. i am a customer service oriented, and i will work with you until you are completely satisfied with the outcome of your design projects. i am the experienced designers. we are new here but experienced from last 2 years.    *** 2++ years of experience (print & web media) *** best price with 100% satisfaction. *** working 6 days   support for 7 days a week.    ** specialties **  *** graphic design *** website design *** innovative logo design *** high quality illustration *** app screen  *** label & package design *** elegant powerpoint template *** unique brochure/flyer *** t- shirt design *** corporate identity *** print media & stationery *** advertising material *** brand identity *** book cover & ebooks,self-employed
i am an experienced ,graphic,website designer & video animator .my goal is to surpass your expectations. i want to wow my clients. i deliver quality work on time and on budge,
consider this summary as my formal application presenting my background, education, and experience.   i have over 15 years experience in the interior design field , 7 years experience in the events management field, and 3 years in the visual merchandising field  and i have the skills, education and experience in designing, studying a concept, creating new ideas, and following up on the production.   my objective is to work as a creative designer in a highly professional company, where i am constantly motivated to give the utmost creativity, as well as, perseverance and perfection in work.  my goal in my career is to create and develop unforgettable projects and events using every time different strategies, tactics, and concepts.  specialties  creative designing,  interior designing, space planning, conceptual designing, events management
,experience 2004-2020 (16 years) i studied interior architecture. i have developed my passion, skills and knowledge, in various different sectors within the industry. i had extensive experience and different skillsets in which this is brought to every job or project that i work on. i have a vast knowledge in the luxury residential market where i have worked for the past twelve years on several projects for very prestigious clients. i have a very good knowledge, and understanding of architectural detailing and construction. i   m passionate about technologies applied to the architecture and to the objects of everyday use. i like being able to improve the use of an environment  for the people who lives or works or just have an experience with that space. i love art, i think it's the soul of every interior and i'm always looking for every form or expression of it. i like to create a story for every interior design project, who will be related to the site, to the architecture, and off course to needs and demands of the client. i like to think of unique things, creating spaces that speak of history, style, that convey an emotion, developing client's idea, enriching it with details, make it real. understanding of genre and historic qualities within a current space or building, to help bring out the best of a space or building as a whole to achieve great characteristics and personality to bring the design/s or look alive. proficiency in the use of cad , photoshop indesign and other computer based office suites as for hand sketches. specialties  - conceptual design -development of concept through sketches or cad drawings -knowledge of materials and finishes - scheme design  -work out architectural/design problems - project management from concept through to completion - presentation drawings and boards - rendering for presentation - detail design and development
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the apparel and fashion industry. skilled in trend analysis, fashion illustration, retail, shirts, and textiles. strong business development professional with a ba in fashion design (stylisme et modelisme) focused in fashion design and draping from lisaa - l'institut sup  rieur des arts appliqu  s.
based menswear shape designer with a strong background ,not just a graphic designer.  i am a creative artist with passion, vision and a background of  finance and marketing to enhance your company   s visual image and build its success.    connecting with my clients.  my personalized, professional approach is about building a relationship of trust and mutual understanding.    an eye for design and art. i focus on developing creative and effective design that makes people sit up and take notice.     customer loyalty a priority.  personally speaking, this is one of my strongest character traits. i am fiercely loyal to my clients and take pride in helping them to realize their creative vision.     i save my clients money and time.  i use competitive pricing to ensure that my clients invest in design services that will suit both their goals and budget.    balancing creativity with structured professionalism.  i don   t just provide superior creative services to my clients, i also provide structured project direction.   my life is design, i love it and i surround myself in it every day.  i am  1. passionate (i absolutely love what i do) 2. enthusiastic (i want to learn) 3. sceptical (i think critically) 4. focused (i have the right attitude)  specialties      art direction & layout      business development (branding)     ability to conduct research,faizansha
i am a graphic designer on fiverr . i like to work on different projects with great people . so i join fiverr to work with great people,graphic designer on fiverr,graphic designer
23 years' experience in interior design from a residential chateau, award winning law court complex and recently a restaurant, primary experience is workplace strategy and design having worked for leading practises in london and mid-east.
i am a huge people-person and spent a few years with programming, and i love writing content! there is nothing greater than writing!  when i'm not working, i am usually at home listening to music or hanging out with family or i am working out. i am very much a kid at heart, love to cook, watch tv shows (f.r.i.e.n.d.s!), and i love travelling.  i love meeting professionals to learn new things.   design  adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, adobe xd.  front-end development  html5, css3, javascript.,
a fresh graduate in graphic designer looking forward to new experiences and a creative team to work with. very passionate and enthusiastic about my work.
3 year experiance with relateable recogonized companies and designers..  other than i did alot of work as out source with some other designers and also help out some new companies to start up their bussiess, and provide good resouces..  i also working with designers as a fashion textiles consultant..
hi, professionally i   m a graphic designer, having 5 years of experience in my field. i am an expert in adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator and canva. i can design business cards, business stationery design, logo design, banner ads, brochure design, flyer design, book cover design, photo background removal, photo editing, presentation design, and website design professionally. i can do almost any type of designing related work. a keen observer and a good thinker who always try to be creative in producing unique ideas. i believe in quality work, not quantity that's why i always focus on my work to satisfy not only myself but my clients 100% too. feel free to contact me. warmest regards  ),
hello, my name is humna siddiqui, and i am passionate graphic design with over 6 years of working experience in the it industry. i have designed powerful visual content in the past, including infographics, logo, social media, dashboards, portal designs, logo animation, motion graphics, branding, personalized printing stuff, flyers, brochures, gifs, banners, leaflet, ppc banners, invitation
black box sounds,graphic designer ,i    m a user interface and user experience designer with 5 years experiences in creating stories between web products and people. i   ve created wireframes, mockups, mobile applications, graphic designs, interactions and prototypes for both brands and agencies. i like design trends and interactive technologies, i use to design and creativity to solve problems. i   m generally curious, a creation lover, music addict, pixels consumer. i   m passionate by digital creation and the people who make them.     m actually daily creating with      photoshop     illustrator     sketch     invisionapp,
self motivated,highly creative and multi-talented graphic designer who conceptualizes innovative design.i'm always up for a challenge and look forward to always striving to become better.skilled in a variety of logos and marketing packages designed to strengthen business  competence.
fifteen years of experience in design, producing creative materials in multiple formats for mass media, advertising, information technology and entertainment industries. highly skilled at developing and launching new media brands. multiple roles in illustration and graphic design, including development of visual products like logos and trademarks to formal acceptance as registered designs and acceptance as trademark. extensive proven experience in all major media software, including adobe, windows media application, apple media application and a range of custom applications. excellent knowledge of print production processes and their technical requirements. excellent knowledge of social media advertising and their technical requirements.design,organize and manage all promotional artworks for samaa news. excellent knowledge of broadcast media and their technical requirements. profound ability to work in a multi-project, team enviroment. strong ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with all levels of management, other employees, vendors and the general public. uncommon ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with all levels of staff, community leaders, goverment representatives, customers and coworkers. deep ability to translate the vision of an organization to design application. to create a working education path and develop creative talent at all levels of the arts and related media from beginner to post graduate. to provide a monitoring service to people in the creative professions. to contribute my many years of experience, knowledge and skills to management and guidance of a creative, state of the art organization.  specialties  adobe photoshop
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in graphics, logo design,branding,ui, web layouts,landing pages, microsoft word, communication, and graphic design. strong arts and design professional with a bscs focused in graphic design from sir syed university of engineering and technology.
experienced user experience designer with a demonstrated history of working in the automotive, telco, gambling & casino, ecommerce & agency sectors. skilled in mobile first responsive web, native & hybrid app design. research, sketching, wireframing, prototyping, user testing, hcd, branding & identity, visual design, fed. strong digital creative professional studied at southampton solent university.,
an excellent team player with high quality designing, advertising and branding with web design skills. i can implement my ideas aligned with clients needs, from a to z while keeping up on the latest design trends. i am a creative, focused individual who has a problem-solving nature and a 'can-do' attitude. enjoy innovative layouts and quickly think    outside the box    while working within deadline to keep a positive project. graduating as graphic designer from university of karachi (uok) in karachi.
i am experimental by nature, always exploring my creativity. i am a creative graphic designer.  i can design creative and attractive signature logos, web sliders, banners, adds, headers, business cards, mockups, social media posts, posters, quotation designing, and vector tracing. if you are searching for an enthusiastic and hardworking artist then you can just click that ''message'' button. i will design logos and illustrate your ideas by putting my efforts and providing best services to you. thank you! regards, areej fatima,
my passion is baking and  decorating gorgeous bespoke cakes to suit any occasion.  among my wide and varied range you will find fun imaginative novelty birthday cakes, beautiful celebration cakes, elegant miniature cakes, designer fairy cakes and  delicious cupcakes and muffins!   please enjoy browsing through all sections of my website where you will find many examples of my work to hopefully inspire you and give you some ideas of what you might like for your celebration. please also feel free to contact me directly if you would like to discuss your ideas or if you don't find a suitable design in the galleries there.  you can also follow me on facebook by 'liking' my fan page, natalie's creative cakes  specialties  bespoke individually designed cakes, cupcakes and gifts for milestone celebrations....or just because you love cake  -),nataliecakegirl
antonio holds a higher national diploma in design, silversmithing, jewellery and allied crafts from london guildhall university (sir john cass department of art and design) where he specialised in design, diamond mounting and setting.    antonio is a qualified teacher and has extensive experience of teaching diamond mounting,  jewellery and gem-stone setting at university level.   he also runs his own business  designing and making fine jewellery  for a wide range of clients based in both england and italy.   antonio is a fellow of  the institute of professional goldsmiths.
my role as a uxer centres around putting users at the core of product design, focusing on user experience as well as improving design practices and consistency. i concentrate on creating an appealing product that users want to engage with, through strong attention to detail, pushing boundaries with visuals and integrating modern frames of reference to convey the brand.  through my experience, i have learnt the significance of user experience and user interface to guide the aesthetics of design, and the overall impact ux have on shaping a product.  here to make a real impact on user journeys in our everyday lives. above all else, i want to make a difference in the world, a real, quantifiable impact.,hong_simon
hi, i am   zlem (  zlem) a user experience & service design lead and mentor, based in london. i translate human insights into services, products that enable and delight people and drive impact.  last ten-years my work experience has addressed complex challenges in all sectors. i have collaborated with organizations such as royal canin, henkel, hilti, signal uduna, vespa, turkcell, turkish airlines and garanti bbva.  skills  user research, service design, interaction design, user experience design, user interface design, user testing, sketching, wireframing, interactive mockups
having made the switch from a successful career in architecture admin to interior design, i graduated with a professional diploma in interior design from the klc school of design and the klc personal achievement award for 2010.  casey & fox was born in late 2011 and we have established a solid reputation as an innovative and creative design team.  i'm passionate about two things  the planet and design! my aim is to help our clients to know and understand the many eco-friendly options that are out there when it comes to choosing a kitchen work top  a coffee table or even fabric for curtains in a hotel.  casey & fox have recently completed the design and refurbishment for a lovely 3 bed garden flat in belsize park. we picked up the project post planning permission and handled the overall design throughout, the contract tendering & project coordination with builders & suppliers. we are also involved in commercial design projects.  the diversity of our projects lead us to not only in london, however in cambridge, oxted and haslemere amongst a few.  i also take great pleasure in organising informal network support group m  tier rendezvous for interior designers. we hold bi-monthly brunch networking events, where we discuss everything from internships, great suppliers, the current market, pr, good office practices and so on. we invite industry related professionals to give a short talk about what we could be doing better to improve our business and processes.  **************************************** as we at casey & fox have established a solid reputation with many clients returning for new projects, we've become even busier in 2018.  i am actively seeking to make strategic alliances with freelance project managers who are open to working with us on a project-by-project basis. if interested, please contact me on the details above.  ****************************************,siobhan_casey,
experienced freelance graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry. skilled in cover art, graphics, coral draw, logo design, adobe illustration, brochures, adobe photoshop, adobe in design cc. strong arts and design professional with a master of arts education - med focused in education.,
download my publication consciousness illuminated and the reckoning of physics from  a 525 page document featuring  the complete definition of consciousness, what it is, how it works, and how it came to be. the framework of the conscious mind and its workings. the full architecture and methods for the creation of machine consciousness. a complete physics framework, experiments, and techniques, built from the ground up. inventions for the advancement of space exploration and the next era of 
i have been serving in this graphic designing industry since 4.5 year..during this time i have gained as much as necessary understanding and proficiency of designing and layout. think, act, invent it   s my design process witch motivate me to think and evaluate a great idea. by acting on an idea i try to make it real, which invents the new ways of success and achievements. various graphic projects like icon design, logo design. books cover design. mobile software design completed successfully by me including web projects like banners and web pages etc. i am a good in a team to give outstanding result, but i am better when i am work independently. the liberty to make experiments, to acquire new techniques, unique ideas, tendency to push conventional boundaries is my power which ensure quality work,
i am super passionate about anything that allow me to be creative !,kiwi creations,game designer , i am graphic designer i have 6 years experience in graphics,graphic design
i am working as a  graphic and ui/ux designer since 2008.creative designagency19,creative design agency,ceo .i am a ui/ux designer currently in london. i started my design career as a 3d modeller for video games. this helped me understand 3d graphics and introduced me to the ar industry. creating these immersive experiences exposed me to user interfaces and made me understand how important it was to communicate information clearly to users from a human-centered design perspective.  i believe that good design should be transparent in solving the problems for the users as well as innovative in order to give to the user a new and unique experience.  my goal is to design the most advanced yet acceptable interfaces that users can enjoy using every 
i'm a highly qualified professional workplace, commercial and residential interior designer with over twenty five years of experience working mainly in the uk and europe.  i   m a forward-thinking creative designer, natural strategist with a flair for great pitch work. i'm passionate about injecting creative ideas into my projects, always insisting on innovative solutions whilst maintaining effective return on client investments. i consider myself all-rounder, a great listener and communicator, always looking to inspire both clients and colleagues and help progress complex projects simply and smoothly. i am hands on designer who is auto cad literate with a passion to engage and develop close relationships with my clients with the ability to produce hand drawn space plans, concept visualisations and working drawings in front of clients to create a clearer and deeper understanding of my design approach.   i have worked for many top international blue chip companies, private residential commissions and award winning design practices  creating long lasting relationships with my clients.
rachel is a senior designer, experienced in working with award-winning design agencies, ground-breaking startups, and on teams at google since 2013 (chrome, search). she has worked with clients and collaborators like seth godin, bmw/drivenow, google duo, doctors without borders, and freeletics.   she has led over 20 design sprints, events which create and test solutions for critical organizational problems in less than one week. her sprints have helped doctors without borders drive organizational change, and transformed how chrome approaches translation. she has spoken at 30+ events in 7 different countries.  she also starts new things. she co-founded the first german version of the maker faire, called make munich, and founded the design jam, a quarterly event which brings together coders, designers, and business people to build products over the course of a single day. she worked with the local ixda chapter for 5 years in munich to host great speakers each month.,
i am a talented illustrator and photoshop graphics artist. if you require vector logos, business cards, letterhead designs & other stationery items or any photo-editing task, then please send me a message. for further information please check my services.
i have a bachelor's degree in visual communication design. i have strong capabilities in design development and implementation of successful user experiences and user interface. i   m good at design, improving the existing applications,  attention to details, time management, and communication.  i have completed or assisted with numerous projects. some of my duties included developing a business identity, app/web design, researching new technology, interaction design trends, collaborating with experienced architects and user experience.,
i am a fluent speaker of english language. i am an artist, a designer, an avid reader and an active writer. i write fictional and non-fictional short stories and novels, along with informative and entertaining articles for magazines. i also take time to proofread, edit, and review the works of fellow writers. simultaneously, i help in branding companies and businesses through creating logos and stationary packages. i also paint in multiple mediums such as oil, acrylics and water paints on canvas, walls, papers and any other available space.   i am fast, efficient, and have a knack for accuracy. by nature i am a perfectionist, and that reflects in the quality of my work. i make certain that i am thorough in my work, and my clients can see the touch of perfection in it.  i have excellent follow through skills, and i will stay focused on your project until you are thoroughly satisfied.  i care as much about your project as you do. i can help you look magnificent on paper. let me handle the details of your vision, allowing you to continue creating them.,
hi! i   m a interactive ux designer. i design web, app, erp/system design  that are clean and elegant.  my passion is to deal with colors and creativity, i love converting ideas into visual language. i am always trying to execute perfect design by means of maximizing skills & efforts through different mediums. in simple, i am enthusiastic & result oriented designer.
started as an illustrator to an animator to ui designer, i consider myself as a multi-disciplinary designer. my curiosity to learn new things and make things better (visually and usably) has lead me to explore different disciplines of design and arts. looking forward to taking on design challenges and produce something visually pleasing, usable, research-based and user-centric.  growth oriented | design freak | project ownership   you can find me here 
design is something that is a part of our everyday life. in our homes, in our towns and even in our wardrobes every aspect has come from a design. i believe that you have to be creative, self motivated and hard working when it comes to studying the different areas of art and design.
i'm a driven and flexible graphic designer with a proven record of delivering creative and innovative design solutions. i have the 6 yrs experience of in the field of specialising brand identity, printed based advertisements, marketing collateral materials, social media advertising posts and photo manipulation.  i am here to offer you my designing skills and experience to help you grow and develop your business and brand identity. i can provide you with a complete range of design solutions to improve and enhance the impact of your brand.  i want to implement my knowledge and experiences practically which i gained through my studies. i will try my best to keep concentrate on my work and do a work honestly and show you a better result.,
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology industry and agencies. i have great knowledge and command over designing tools and techniques to make an impact image of brand and its products. i believe in responsible for creating design solutions that have a high visual impact and enough to satisfy clients and the company i am working for.,ln technologies,user interface designer
working within the design team at sauce as a ui/ux designer. working closely with the development team to create iot software and applications.  designer with over 9 years commercial experience working on large projects for local/international brands. including  deliveroo, tropic skincare, garness jones, siemens gamesa, innerspace homes, ideal and many more...  hsad graduate in graphic design.  i specialise in user centric design within a ui, app design setting - primarily on iot products and systems.  i   ve the ability to work within an agile framework (scrum, sprint) but also a traditional studio setting. an articulated speaker, i thrive on personal development, sharing of knowledge and just being open to new ideas. passionate about art/design history, i have a wealth of knowledge on 20th century design and filter that into my work.  digital skill-set -      ideas generation and mood boarding     user stories     user personas     sitemaps and user flows     wireframes (low and high fidelity)     animated/interactive prototypes     ui design, design patterns     ui style guides     email design     typography  offline skill set -     branding     creative / credentials presentations     editorial and artworking  other skills -     after effects animations     social media marketing (ads, social posts)     presenting     workshops     bronto email automation (design)  works with -     illustrator     photoshop     xd / sketch     indesign     after effects     mailchimp     shopify     squarespace (circle member)     semplice  if you have any questions queries about these capabilities,
almost 7 years of experience in interactive digital solutions like designing, visualization, conceptualization which includes the verticals of user interface design, iphone design, game design user experience, branding, marketing concepts and collaterals with some more tasks involved like team leading  in today   s industry one has to constantly thrive for new standards and innovations. i have constantly practiced the above process, which has led me to groom in the field of web and mobile.  mobile application ui/ux/icon design, web design, web application ui/ux design,
i have been involved in various projects in ui development for web applications for the past 10 years. recently working with software engineers and ux designers building cutting edge templates and mobile apps  i am interested in applying for the ui designer at top tier digital advertised / it web solutions / online advertising companies.  as you will get to know from my resume that i have developed a wide range of user interface websites, which have all improved user experience and this has aided my proficient knowledge and responsibilities of this position.  my education background is associates degree in computer graphics / media sciences followed by a certificate course in web development.  i am still providing the highest level of service and dedicated to your 100% satisfaction to us customers and clients as a freelance web and graphic designer.  i have proficient knowledge in the process and responsibilities required for this position.  i would like to bring my skills and experience to work in your company.  i am already applicable to work in australia, and can migrate on my own easily.  i'm a dedicated performer, i provide services in the field of  graphic design / ui design web development (html5, css3, bootstrap, ). cms platforms (wordpress, codeigniter & custom) analytics webmaster tools version controlling systems (svn, gi) data entry documentation research & planning after delivery maintenance seo  i have enclosed my resume along with this cover letter for your consideration  i would appreciate the opportunity to discuss everything over a skype interview with you to discuss this position and what i have to offer further.  please contact me at your convenience. i look forward to your response.,farmanahmed2007,
i a'm graphic designer   i have 4 year experience   i work on adobe illustrator & photoshop,freelancer.com,graphic designer
i design software for a living. i   ve been a designer since i graduated from shillington college in 2007. i have practiced many different forms of design, and eventually found my calling as a product designer. i   ve worked for both small startups as well as large companies.,rhys_merritt,
ux/ui designer in ecommerce with a strong focus on cognitive and observational behaviour to better understand and identify the problem first.  design tools - figma, adobe xd, sketch, prototyping, after effects, principle, invision, photoshop, illustrator  ux - quantifying and defining ux metrics, ux strategy, interviews, contextual inquiry, customer journey mapping, lean ux, open/closed card sort,
award winning ux/ui/product graphic designer for mobile/web/system.  dean   s specialty is in concept development of new technology base platforms. over his career he has been working with big international brands and successful delivered leading graphic projects.  in 2008 he finished his mba in marketing & management and since then has developed experience in ux/ui, leading ux/ui department as a head or lead designer.     dean is a technology-designer who enjoys creating innovative solutions from the initial concept to completion and who has a keen eye for detail. very fast designer, eager to learn and ambitious, dean is an outgoing, enthusiastic person with strong analytical, organizational and graphic abilities.    as a team leader his approach is to find a way to work together as every designer contributes his own unique viewpoint for the success of the project. dean   s ambition is to work for an organization that promote multi-disciplinary and creative thinking and that aim at innovating.
globe services,ux / ui designer ,i will do quick and original logo design free revisions graphics & design / logo design  creativity         uniqueness         original logo identity makes your business personality. your logo is the face of the company. you are looking for an inspiration for the business/company logo or simply want to check out the exceptional logo design work. an experienced logo designer understands the requirements of different industries and provides businesses pertinent brand identity. specialist in following categories typography iconic emblem minimal symbolic 3d + 2d signature flat hand drawn versatile features of gig   ai, eps, png, jpeg, psd, tiff, svg, 100% satisfaction guaranteed lifetime help support high resolution  300 dpi extremely fast delivery simple & unique concept express logo design vectored & print ready files. ***money back guarantee*** best regards,                                            frequently asked questions   what is delivery time  just 24hours  what is quality and professionalism surety  all source files which is you need for normal or basic business. print ready source files. eps, ai, png, jpeg, svg, psd, and pdf files. eps and ai file are vectored and scale-able   ..  why me  because i   ll design a good and unique logo for you. you can check my 3 years experience portfolio on fiverr. i will deliver your logo design in 24 hours.  what information is required  brand   s name         tagline if is necessary         what the business provides         any competitor         design preference on how would you like the logo to be, a text-based or icon logo design         any specific imagery         color preferences         typography style that you may have.
has an inclination toward fantasy art. her dynamic style and focus on the new age makes her an architect who likes to experiment with novel ideas with particular focus on the renewed relevance of topological reasoning and experimentation. inspired by her late grand mother who was great interior decorator, growing up seeing her creativity, maham takes her mentor's creative mind to untapped levels. her ba architecture from punjab university enables her to exploit her talents beyond the mundane by working productively in series     to describe, conceptualise, theorise and ultimately project new topological ideas.    i believe every art form is interrelated because with everything we first have to visualise and ultimately create.  our team  aesthetically and technically well equipped architects, interior designers, draftsmen, 3d visualizes and skilled executors is what pa+cc team is comprises of. we as team use our expertise, capabilities and dedication to bring high quality standards in design and services. we have all that takes to lead to an exclusive architectural design into reality.
i'm zee a pro graphic designer, i have worked in many companies now i'm sharing my experience and exploring my network at other platforms. i have 5 years of experience in graphic designing. one of my famous place of work was candyland  co.,
roots international schools pakistan,graphic designer,highly reliable information technology professional with a focus on creative designing, agile process management, communications and pr management. passionate to explore, learn and grow in a competitive environment, where i can positively discover more expertise and utilize my skills. i love to professionally apply my good communication and management skills in the progress and development of the organization or company i get to serve. my vigorous participation in extracurricular activities proved well to develop my leadership and analytical abilities, which are vital in the achievement of goals in the fast business world.  moreover, my tremendous interest in designing and socializing always made me involved in activities that need imaginativeness and developing a more appealing and visualizing impact on viewers mind as well as sight. i love communicating with ambitious and enthusiastic entrepreneurs, goal-oriented people who have their specific aims, and even with those who need guidance or suggestions in decision making for their career or multiple matters that need motivation.   my realistic management capabilities always demonstrated me exceptional in observing issues in process or people that made me take my professional career to process management and jira project management learning experience, and great learning path towards scrum master.
+10 years working as a designer, developing my creativity, service design and innovation skills, designing products and services for leading agencies and technology companies in emea and africa.      delivered innovative and out of the box projects for clients as tesco, marks & spencer, boots uk & norway, yellow pages, rbs, bbc, ups, lloyds, hsbc, ford, amplifon, phillip morris international, standard bank, nos, nbad, howdens
i'm a digital media professional with extensive experience in digital media marketing, graphic designing, project planning and execution. with more than ten years of professional experience in the educational and corporate sector, i have always ensured that the passion and enthusiasm for my work have shone through.,sehrishfatma
a digital creative director and senior user experience designer based in london, with over a decade of experience in multimedia design. during my career, i've worked with companies ranging from some of the most innovative startups to global 500 companies on projects that reach millions of people every day. bellow, you can find a summary of what i do and some of the things i stand for. you can check out some of my work on my website  portfolio/  with a background in computer engineering and architecture, i can say i have a unique perspective and skill set for a creative director/designer that has always allowed me to see further and deeper than others in my field. i think these domains are all interconnected and my ability is to combine the rational aspect of engineering with the innovative touch of architecture and the free spirit of graphic design. i stand somewhere in the middle of these three main lines, so my design style is  rational, innovative and nonconformist.  ever since childhood, i had a special connection with paper and pencils. actually, every project of mine starts on paper, it doesn   t matter what type of project, it helps me focus and it inspires all of my creations. i believe the secret to doing great work is having fun. for me, design is never work, it   s my passion, and when you love what you do, you can achieve anything.  i   m a strong believer that going outside our comfort zone sparks true innovation and takes us where we wouldn   t usually dare to go. neale donald walsch has a quote about this, and it goes like this     life begins at the end of your comfort zone.    i like to encourage the people i care about and also my clients to do the same thing. we may fail now and then when outside our comfort zone
first and foremost, i am a people person and a team player. i want everyone to win. ui design is just one of the areas i cover. working for a company that has drive and ambition to produce the best outcome in the best ways of working, is important to me. i want and like to be challenged, to learn something new and grow as a designer and as a person.  i have a very good grasp of ux and get fully involved in the process, interactive design, prototyping and more. i am always pushing myself, bringing my    a    game and always learning. it makes what i do, that much more enjoyable.  i love what i do and i bring that passion to work.  i do it all with a smile  ),
i have a major interest in new business, always on the look out for new venture. i love learning and finding solutions. i have a passion for music and travel. life is for living so live your dreams and aspirations to the fullest. 
i am a user experience & interface designer, with more than 20 years of experience in crafting interactive products.  from websites back in 1997 to enabling cross-functional scrum teams in 2020, i have been helping companies build better experiences. i am a curious mind, great at raising problems and exploring solutions, while playing within the constrains of each industry. i am passionate about creating intelligent user interfaces that make people's lives easier.  i  contribute to the entire creative process.      discovery & ideation     user experience     user interface & interaction design     rapid & high-fidelity prototyping     user-testing  i have worked for some amazing companies, including hsbc, just eat, natwest, royal bank of scotland, alpha bank, thames water, ikea, fage, mondel  z, toyota, tim, vodafone, cosmote, coca-cola
a highly confident & passionate designer providing premium services from small business owners to large scale operators. have served many happy      customers world wide and wish to work with more. continuing to utilize consultative design & marketing skills to assist my customers to be successful in their business. 
head of supply chain with over 20 years experience focused on continuous improvement in supply chain operations, new product introduction, supply planning, demand planning, 3pl logistics operation, developing suppliers and contract manufacturers (cmo) capability in fmcg sector - across europe/asia and in different product categories.   skills - supply chain management - new products introduction - 3pl/4pl warehouse management - procurement and strategic sourcing -       starting up new contract manufacturers - supplier/contract manufacturer capability improvement - project management / prince qualified -       customer service and order management - cost savings ideas generation and implementation -       closing / exiting current cms - work experience in asia & europe
i am an enthusiastic, confident and multi-skilled professional with more than 25 years of experience within the international field of education and training.  what i can do for you  advise on or manage digital education projects and learning experiences create online synchronous or asynchronous training courses and materials design and deliver face to face training develop video-based training and promotion for edtech products advise on educational app and game development for web and mobile review and feedback on existing edtech products  support the marketing and promotion of edtech products recruit and train teachers for the delivery of online learning advise on and review the educational projects  develop language learning materials and content advise on and/or develop ebooks deliver online or face to face conference papers and workshops   key skills include  strong commercial awareness of the international elt sector. consistent track record of designing and developing high-quality innovative products. ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and under pressure. strong attention to detail and focus on task completion. demonstrated success in product execution & launch. ability to improve efficiency and reduce operating costs whilst increasing customer satisfaction and retention. proven ability to identify new customer and partnership opportunities. ability to perform qualitative and quantitative research with existing and potential customers. ability to work with, support and motivate cross-functional teams. exceptional intercultural awareness and sensitivity.  previous clients and employers have included google creative labs, british council,  bbc, international house, open university, oxford university press, cambridge university press, macmillan, bell educational services, westminster university and a number of smaller startup companies.,nikpeachey,
i am professional graphic designer  i have many years experience in graphics  we make professional, unique and exclusive logos, using attractive colours excellent creative skills and awesome imagination to match your requirements  all logo design will be created from the requirement of the company modern and selective colour choices based on the business, and high quality designs  we also design, web banner, facebook covers, business cards, logo animation video, 3d logo animation video, flyer, cartoons and logo designs
i design critically important pixie dust to make an organization hum! what does it mean  i work on the culture and people because thats important for the success of any organization.  i believe in abc (always be cultivating) philosophy by thinking of recruitment as a sales process. if you want a-players on your team, your company must spend as much time and effort attracting and retaining employees as it does on finding and keeping customers.  talent acquisition should be run like a marketing campaign for a product. a candidate's entire journey from the time they see your ad, until they join your company says a lot about the brand.their exit also matters so that they can keep continuing employer branding of you.  i do not believe in yearly performance appraisal. it doesn't work! what works is constant feedback, team building and focusing on leadership skills. you see a problem and you work on it. do not wait for a year to appraise. i help build teams, strengthen coordination, team work, cross functionality, process mapping. everything got to be practical and effective otherwise its of no use.  am a technology geek. always curious to learn what's new! i believe technology helps optimize processes and business growth. i have worked on various hrms softwares implementation like mihcm oracle and other interesting cloud based platforms. customized modules, heavily work on the data, designed reports to find interesting information to further build an action plan. roi matters.   so if this makes sense and you think we are on the same page, then why wait   let's talk!
i lead ibm   s new wild ducks commercial storytelling studio, where we create compelling pitches and presentations for purpose-driven brands. we help ibm partners to show how good humans and technology can work together to positively impact people, the planet and the bottom line with ibm technologies and services. i also lead our communications masterclass performance coaching program.  i am also passionate about help to solve the climate crisis and i give many keynotes each year (mostly virtually) about about creativity, climate change and using technology to make the world work better.   i also host of the ten words podcast (inspired by a book i wrote) and i release a new episode each week, focusing on a famous person who has changed the world with big ideas, small words and short sentences.   when i'm not talking about ibm or inspirational storytellers, i am usually racing bike or drinking bourbon somewhere nice. i enjoy spending too much money on rare business books and vintage typewriters.   in past lives i have owned my own agency, written four books and worked for brands such as nike, mtv, rovio, lvmh, uber and vodafone. i have worked on strategic accounts with facebook   s largest ad agency and led marketing strategy teams at adobe and salesforce. i have also spent some time as a giraffe keeper!      voted the #1 most influential person on twitter for #bigdata by onalytica      top 100 digital marketer globally (digital scout) 2019     top 25 tech profession on the tyto power 100 in 2019     top 10 most influential tech professionals by b2b magazine 2017     top 30 most influential digital marketer in the world 2016 by onalytica     the 3rd most influential social media marketer in the uk the drum
a good team player, excellent at problem solving, communicates confidently and effectively and is a hard working and a self disciplined individual. she also demonstrates initiative and is proactive, highly motivated and eager to learn.   olivia is passionate about interior and spatial design and developing her creative skills in a business environment.
finn harries is a british designer, filmmaker, and environmental activist. he   s a student at the architectural association in london where he's completing a bachelor of architecture.   in 2012, he co-founded the popular youtube blog,    jacksgap,    with his brother. to date, jacksgap has accumulated 4.1 million subscribers and 200 million views across 64 films. the channel is dedicated to travel and storytelling through digital media.   in 2015, finn collaborated with the world wildlife fund (wwf) to create a documentary exploring the effects of climate change on the greenlandic ice sheet and the surrounding sea ice. since the documentary, he has gone on to give talks at the u.n. and tedx, calling for greater action on climate change.  he sits on the executive board of the u.s. based non-profit    the school fund,    where he advises on design, innovation and digital strategy. in 2016, he led a full re-design of the branding and website, along with the production of three shorts films and new photography.,
i have strong graphical skills.currently pursuing a diploma in graphics designing, 3d graphics, animation, i have become a skilled creative designer with a variety of experience.,
owcareers,front end developer,united kingdom,learning and applying the elements of design in the world of art and fashion
a highly competent and meticulous graphic design graduate, a focused and self-motivated individual with a comprehensive understanding and practical experience in dealing with graphic design related issues. works well under pressure and to tight deadlines whist consistently delivering to a high standard. uses   initiative to work under minimal supervision if needed. ambitious, dedicated and enjoys learning as well as  being a quick learner and able to adapt to any situation or environment.
passionate and enthusiastic in both interior and graphics design.,alenwaan engineering consultants,interior designer
4 years experience in interior industry. currently working with dubai free zone and freelancer,priyankatheiddubai design district,interior designer
skilled freelance graphic and web designer with over a decade of experience in the field. dedicated to staying up-to-date on new techniques and procedures related to graphic and web design. excel at web platform development, desktop publishing, computer aided design, and video creation. managed multiple projects simultaneously. excellent communicator able to work as part of a team or as the sole designer.  certified with google digital garage in fundamental of digital marketing on 25 september, 2019. also awarded certification from google analytics academy for completing the course google analytics for beginners. template monster (templatemonster.com) awarded a certification for successfully completed the html css certification on october 8, 2019. i am also the certified partner of template monster.  completed six-week workshop in digital photography from indus valley school of art and architecture conducted from feb 09 to march 24,  
i am a creative professional   having 4+years of experience, proven ability in design and production of artwork for wide variety of materials viz. logo's, posters, newsletters, banners, brochures, adverts, vc's, marketing materials for social media   etc.
i am strategist and user experience designer  in the region of dubai and i help small businesses and individuals all over uae to generate results on the web by aligning their business strategy with users needs.  i have the skills to help your business stand out on the web by a strong brand image and strategic positioning in the search engines and social media.  to see some of my works, feel free to visite my portfolio on behance 
an experienced ui & ux designer who is passionate about building functional products out of ideas and loves to solve complex problems. i have successfully delivered projects related to fin-tech, cloud computing, ecommerce, and mobility.   my technical background helps me in connecting well with the developers and also my love for elocutions has enabled effective communication skills for me.,
i am young and imaginative multimedia designer having multiple skills in 3d design, animation, graphic design, 3d visualization and exhibition design with 8 years    experience using 2d & 3d graphic software. my passion is to focus on design aesthetics and their impact on society, and need to inject this energy and flow of ideas where i can contribute my skills to a professional company
netsoft offer enhanced employee productivity and reduces communication costs with feature-rich ip telephony solutions. with our solutions, your staff can count on effective, unified communications no matter where they are. we provide the same high-quality communications whether your enterprise has a few or n number of users.,
a capable architect design who consistently pushes for perfection, and who uses his creativity to deliver technical brilliance. karomatullo is an expert at taking concepts and then creating high quality images and assets from them. he has big aspirations for his future career and has in the past worked for some of the world   s best known brands. on a professional level he is always exploring new avenues and constantly mindful of memory restrictions and design requirements. a motivated and passionate architect designer with a proven ability to develop high quality, life like animations as well as having a solid understanding of interiors and processes. possessing the artistic expertise and technical ability required to work closely with designers to create visually stimulating content that will intensify game playability. also having extensive knowledge of everything related to 3d computer graphics and a knack of quickly understanding a projects mission, vision and values.  karomatullo specialises in creating immersive and cutting edge designs of the highest quality. he can take artistic assignments from start to finish without any significant training or guidance. as a true professional he has no problem working closely with other architects to solve problems on a consistently win-win basis. karomatullo is an expert at creating bespoke and innovative design objects. he knows when something is architectural right and when it is wrong.  on a personal level he is eager to expand his knowledge in a huge range of technologies. has a    raise the bar    attitude towards everything he does and firmly believes that small artistic teams are the key to success in large projects. being a proficient architect he is eager to undertake a versatile and rewarding role within a growing company.
i am a passionate ui designer with over 10 years of design experience. i am curious and creative, i love traveling, music, arts, cultures and languages. exploring nature, hiking through the jungle, swimming in the ocean, going on adventures, getting to know cultures and the diverse flora and fauna of the earth is not only part of my life, but also my unlimited inspiration. i am always looking for a new experience and challenge that will teach me something new.  i have several years of freelance design experience, i've completed an internship in a design agency in berlin and graduated from the digital media program at the university of the arts bremen.,
with 1+ years of professional experience in interior,graphics  designing . i   m always looking for opportunities to utilize my design skills in digital media and provide my clients with an excellent graphical solution. with my knowledge of design i manage to make all the efforts to understand the latest trends so that the company maintain its high quality of work and satisfy clients as well.  i'm always open for freelance work and collaborations.  expertise       visting card     3d kitchens     reception counter     bed rooms     t-shirt design  
,to gain professional experience and become an expertise into the field of interior architecture and design. in addition, aiming to proceed my higher education in the field of architecture and design.
experienced design engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the investment management industry. skilled in construction, engineering, civil engineering, curtaiwall and cladding design and facade design. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science (b.s.) focused in civil engineering from university of rizal system-rizal state college.,
as design director for hospitality i have guided my team towards excellence in creative design. improving user experience and successful delivery of all projects is at the heart of my work, whether it is designing a hotel, a restaurant or a piece of furniture - the emphasis is always in the detail.   i am design-focused, as well as businessoriented. i continuously encourage not only myself, but my team too to embrace new design ideas, innovations and to ultimately expand past our perceived limits. my growth as a designer is a result of my ability to listen to the market needs, as well as tune into a client   s goals and challenges for every project. i have constantly delivered superior quality projects that are highly regarded by clients and recognized by the industry   s leading organizations through several accolades.   i am able to understand and translate a vision into creative and outstanding interiors, with an ability to understand and lead project bids. as a market influencer and trendsetter, i am committed to supporting positive enduring change in the region and creating a sustainable impact on society. it is a commitment i have not made lightly, and am invested in it.,
born with a desire to bring imagination in to reality and innovate something which will redefine the way to see the world. i am looking for an opportunity where i can explore my creative talent. i am seeking for a position to utilize my skills and abilities for a professional growth while being innovative and flexible towards my work, which will benefit me and to others. i want to serve my hard work and dedication for company   s professional growth.,mnk interiors llc
i'm a product and ux designer with 9 years of experience working with startups and tech companies of any size and various industries. i'm an author of an amazon-best selling book currently working on my own products and helping businesses with great vision to design theirs.
civil engineering professional with 4 years experience in architectural and interior designing industry. proficient with autocad, 3ds max, photoshop. having good knowledge of designing and modeling of tensile fabric structure. have good exposure to american and british standard of practice of rc and steel structures.,
founder metadesign berlin 1979, with offices in san francisco 1992 and london 1995  left in 2001 to set up the united designers network, later renamed spiekermannpartners. the company is now called edenspiekermann, with offices in amsterdam, berlin, los angeles and san francisco. started fontshop in 1989. now letterpress workshop galerie p98a.  specialties  type design, information design, large corporate design programmes, international projects.,espiekermann,
interior designer,depa group,ff&e material coordinator,a digital designer focused on ux, product strategy and user research with an aim to make beautiful products that make sense.,
passionate about solving problems, creating great experiences and understanding the business side of design. i'm an empathic design generalist with a focus on user experience. my background in sustainable business management and industrial design helped me deepen my management skills and my creativity. currently, i am adding web development to my skill set to be a better communicator. being a hybrid between design, product, and development is where i am most comfortable - constantly growing and learning is what makes me wake up with a smile.,
has been working for 7 years as an automotive designer with experience  from some of the world's leading brands such as mercedes-benz, volkswagen and audi. she has had a passion for cars and motorsports since childhood. although, she began her studies in fashion and product design before following her true passion in the field of automotive industry. having been raised in budapest, hungary  she graduated in 2011 at the moholy-nagy university of art and design budapest. t  nde began her career with the volkswagen group in 2012 where she  had the opportunity to work on exciting projects such as the new tiguan as well as the passat alltrack, t-roc, atlas, touareg, up, and touran.  always seeking out new challenges, in 2015 she transitioned to audi ag in ingolstadt  where she had the privilege to coordinate pre-development projects and work on show car projects as the e-tron and h-tron t and aicon concept vehicles. working in the automotive industry, t  nde finds herself eagerly awaiting any opportunity to share her journey with other aspiring women who also wish to pursue a career in the automotive industry.,
i'm passionate about solving user problems by using design and technology. people-needs guide my design decisions in pursuit of the best results. my goal in my daily work is to give a human touch to a data-driven approach.   user tests, data analysis, and different research techniques help me to create and refine ideas. developing solutions by using a combination of data and empathy to create great user experiences is what drives me the most.   skills  product design, ux design, interaction design, usability tests, user research, visual design, prototyping, project management, a/b test, information architecture, creative workshop facilitation, mobile design, mentoring, figma, sketch, framer x
in my work i act out of a deep understanding of what customers want and need and give them accessible, understandable and desirable tools to solve their problems.
creative and technical product designer with experience across a broad range of design functions in the consumer electronics, health-tech and home goods industries. proven ability to translate market, brand and innovation strategies into meaningful user experiences, interactions and products. focus on design strategy, concept design, and product development, often combining new technologies and digital experiences into physical products.
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in design management 3d visualization, automotive design strong sales professional with a bachelor of science focused in transportation design from art center college of design.,
i am professional graphic designer with 1 year experience and i completed 50+ works.        i will create professional logo design for you for   5  order now   5  fivesquid     graphic design   logo design  order quantity 
i am professional graphic designer with 1 year experience and i completed 50+ works.          about this service  order feedback  0  0  expected delivery  2 days  hi! are you looking for an outstanding and creative logo for your company or organization or you want to make some changes to your current logo to make it modern  then look no further... i  will create unique concept for you at an affordable rate.i am a professional and experience designer.           my intention is the  100%  client satisfaction. if not,  100%  money back  guarantee.  unique design    100% satisfaction guarantee    unlimited revisions  on time delivery  print ready files  quick response  note i am not qualified to do work related to sex,adult,any complex drawing /mascot illustrations in basic gig if   you need any one of them or 3d logo design then first contact me for pricing. we will not do any change after the completion of order or not refund. what is stationery design include  i will provide only business card design.
amatradingllcamaranthine trading llc,designer,i have created and designed great web and print graphics for many companies worldwide and local, cooperating with other designers. i love doing creative design.i'm highly professional and communicative, always deliver on time and guarantee 100% satisfaction and quality,
passionate about creating attractive user experiences for ,a ui/ux/visual designer. i have a passion to make the complex simple. i aim for the best user experience, all the while balancing the needs of business and technology to create successful and elegant digital products and experiences. as part of creative and interactive teams, i have worked on national and international brands. skills  user experience (ux) design, user interface (ui) design, interaction/website design, illustration, application design, sketching, wireframes and logo design 
a multi-disciplinary designer specializing in user experience design and information design. i completed my masters of design in information and interface design at the national institute of design, bangalore, india in 2016. i am also a graduate of national institute of fashion technology in fashion communication, bangalore, 2012.  i am by heart a problem finder and solver. i believe design is a process of not only finding the right solution but also looking for the right problem and it is as important. right problem gives meaning and value to a solution and our journey of thinking. the simplest way that i practice this is by observing things, people and physical interfaces around me in my daily day to day life, questioning, what, how and why a thing or a person behaves a certain way. i love to explore new challenges, design problems that might not even have a solution yet or have not been seen as a design problem yet. my daily inspiration comes from reading blogs, looking at other great designer's work and keeping an eye on the industry. i proudly take ownership of my work but also know it deep down that good work cannot be done alone, it thrives on collaboration and feedback.,shatabdii,
as a manager and leader since more than 10 years in both, oem and in-house supplier environments, often acting, steering and navigating off the beaten track, there is nothing more exciting to benjamin than delivering remarkable results to the company.   his flat hierarchy leadership style, involvement of all talents, and cross divisional interaction led to excellent results under challenging budgetary-, processual- and timing targets at any time.  having lived on three continents, and being in constant real-life and digital exchange with european, asian and american subsidies and/or partners, has formed a creative leader that very well knows how to get things done. representing the company in front of media and investors/dealers, as well as presenting to top-level management, is no new territory.  the curiosity and eagerness for great experiences, beauty and innovation, is a constant in the life of benjamin, if in private or business.,
cad drafter/designer with more than 15+ years of experience not limited to site development, roads and highways, infrastructure and civil architectural building projects design and drafting. knowledge in cadd package  autocad, civil 3d, micro station and other cadd package related to design platform.
graduated in 2014 from the department of architecture at el shrouk academy . working in uae since march 2015.  my main interest is design ,that interest directed me to work as a freelancer interior designer .this is in spite of i wasn`t working in firm that deals with id .  working with a projects from meeting with the clients to the site supervision .  looking for an opportunity to work with a team  widening my horizon and put me at the start of the way to work with a team at interior projects .,stantec
i believe i was born to be a designer. zayed university alumni in multimedia design. i   m a hard-worker. i love challenges and impossible things. i   m a fearless friendly person with a creative mind. incredible communication and presentation skills. always open to learn new skills and challenge myself. proud of my own colors!,dubai petroleum,graphic designer
i don   t restrict myself to design. the blend of design, programming, and software development is where i feel i excel. i have been extensively involved in designing and developing user interfaces and as a result, i ended up in building a whole lot of cool designs which are in turn reflected in my portfolio.  i am looking for full-time position in design starting from september'20. i have the right attitude of learning new things and i can work with much higher energy and enthusiasm. my technical specialties are as follows  - visual design interaction design product thinking user-centered design
i am seeking to gain experience in all areas of design, enabling me to build on my existing knowledge, and give me direction so i can focus my energy into a job that i love.  i am a highly motivated and organised individual with strong interpersonal, team working and leadership skills.   portfolio includes recent projects at pol kefton which is private residence design.  university projects are available on request including commercial retail, office, and exhibition design.,
i   m a interior designer and 3d visualization artist based in dubai. starting as a 3d visulaizer in 2015 and now heading interior designer role. with more than 5 years of professional experience in the interior design industry i am looking for new opportunity as a interior designer / 3d visualizer.,mark one interior,interior designer 3d visualizer
a positive, reliable and hard-working creative thinker and designer. i am passionate about what i do, eager to learn and always ready to take on whatever comes my way.
i'm proud of providing you with a full array of design services. these services include concept generation, 3d modeling, 3d rendering, images at 360 degrees, and complete architectural or industrial plans.  regarding the growing need for such services, we are to provide you with the highest level of professional integrity out of your organizational sources, which means we take care of your needs to develop your business to its full potential as far as they come to design issues. the satisfaction developed from our services provided by professional design is at the heart of our highly regarded reputation and the cornerstone of our business. we further provide our services in a timely and economical means, as determined by the needs of each of our client   s projects on an individual basis.,
i am passionate about user experience, design, and psychology. with my multidisciplinary skillset, i can integrate creativity with technical and business expertise. the experience in psychology helps me understand and perceive human nature and behavior better and thus, create designs that are human-centered.  i like to create great designs and for every design, i try to follow milton glaser's quote     there are three responses to a piece of design     yes, no, and wow! wow is the one to aim for.   ,
i'm an ambitious, passionate ux designer with skills in ui design as well. my background includes over 7 years in the design concepts. some of the skills that i bring with me include  create a pixel-perfect design and i   ve learned to be resourceful and innovative in order to find solutions that work and learned the power of listening and understanding while communicating. i apply these principles to design user experience and flows that make a positive impact on digital products and make them easier and more intuitive to use.   my ultimate goal is to work for a company where i can demonstrate and fine tune my skills.   skills  - ux design - competitor analysis - user research  - usability testing - persona creation - information architecture - wireframes - prototypes - interaction & visual design - mobile & responsive design
i am pragun agarwal, a graphic designer from india, and a fresh mfa graduate in graphic design from the maryland institute college of art (mica), baltimore. i am originally from new delhi where i was born and brought up before moving to ahmedabad to    nish my undergraduate degree in graphic design from the national institute of design (nid). in my four tenure between 2010-14 at nid, i served as the vice president and subsequently as the president of the student body for a year each.   after my graduation in 2014, i interned at turmeric design and then  worked at codesign for three years and spent six months in bangalore working at enterspace.  in the summer of 2018, i completed an internship at pentagram with abbott miller. additionally, i have pursued my interest in the area of calligraphy, typography, and lettering as a personal practice and i am continuing to do so even at this point. these speci   c skillsets have become an integral part of my work today.   currently i am working as a senior designer at landor, hamburg.
experienced product designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in user research, user experience design, user interface design. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in industrial product design from istanbul technical university.
the rapid developments and ever-growing mobile revolution pose continuous challenges to even the most forward thinking companies. i strongly believe in user-centric design in order to create a great experience. user-centric design means understanding what your users need/want, how they think, and how they behave and incorporating that understanding into every aspect of the design process.  i give guidance, feedback and direction in the design process, present concepts and designs and i work together with designers and developers to find the best possible solution for the end user and the client.,
a designer bringing harmony and rhythm to digital products. living and designing by the philosophy  less is more.  
my name is hesham mohamed i'm a graphic designer. i create awesome print and web designs. i define myself as a loyal, adaptable, self motivated, confident and down to each person, which means that i am smart and fun. i breathe, eat, and live design.. i also speak two languages, arabic and english, how cool is that 
experience designer on a mission to transform education through exemplary learning design and effective leadership.                                            - course design and curriculum development (6+ years) - leading a multinational team of over 20 instructors (3 years)                                        - designing and developing face-to-face, blended, and online courses - creating learning content using storyline, rise, camtasia, snagit, lucidpress, kaltura capturespace, etc. - developing formative and summative assessments using a variety of lms tools (online quizzes, discussion boards, blogs, wikis, journals, eportfolios, etc.)                                                                   led a team of instructors in developing an online course for bosnian educators,    leaders of online learning   . used design thinking principles for the design of the course.   successfully collaborated with multiple remote teams (graphic designers, marketing professionals, legal counsels, and entrepreneurial advisors) to prepare the bh futures foundation   s brand new educational platform for launch.      co-designed an online course on covid-19
i design easy-to-use digital products (mobile and desktop) that make life easier for its users. i research about users, and their behaviors, then analyze the researches and make the data of them visualize by creating personas, empathy map, customer journey map. i create the wireframes then validate design by usability testing, a/   b testing, surveys and focus group, i use analytical tools like heat maps, navigation time, and recording session for understanding how a user interacts, i always learn from tests and feedbacks, i try to find a balance between users and business needs to make products user-friendly and enjoyable. teamwork is so important for me, i collaborate with product managers, visual designers, and technical team to make the best product.
i am an interaction designer with a foundation in industrial design, who is interested the intersection of cultural practices and technology development. art and science inspires me to continuously learn and build an amalgamation of my design skills with other disciplines. i believe design is multifaceted and to approach opportunities correctly one must first be able to critique the craft. a designer must understand the importance of problem-setting as much as problem-solving in order to design meaningful experiences.  competencies  ethnography, user-centered research & participatory design ideation & concept development quick prototyping, wireframing & user testing project & team management presentation, oral & visual communication,pkod_
engineer graduated from damascus university i have skills in several fields such as gardening and landscape design, 3d design programs. i'm passionate about green building, urban and landscape architectural, i love to work a lot. i'm a very sociable and an easy-going person and i like solving challenges,wasimelsadi, cross-funktionaler teams (ux, softwareentwicklung und business) 
i bring an engineering perspective and creative problem-solving approach to create products and experiences people love to use. persistence, curiosity and an obsessive attention to detail define me. with a background in software engineering, experience as a digital designer and developer, i am competent in all aspects of the design process.
a creative graphic web designer from dubai uae, a well-versed team player who can express an idea and can create a quality piece of design through an assembly of an image that can satisfy audience experience.
experienced designer shipping user centric digital products in consumer-focused tech companies.  passionate in advocating for the value of human-centered design. driven in developing design strategies based on user research and insights turning them into meaningful product experience that drives business impact and deliver results.    skilled in design thinking, design direction, user experience design, user research, user interface design and building human-centred strategies, vision and solutions.
a creative and dedicated professional interior designer   with very exceptional designing skills,intense planning experience , detailing and co-ordinating projects both in the public and private sectors including implementation stages. seeking an added value to my profesional career with an internationally acclaimed organization that can fully utilize my talents, skills and past experience
professional solar engineer / project manager with 6 years experience and a proven track record of completed projects  msc in renewable energy sources
interior design graduate from the american university in dubai in 2014.  syrian/american nationality.  6 years experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the led lighting and graphic design industry. skilled in adobe photoshop, illustrator,  coreldraw, video editing, 3d modeling, 2d drafting and especially in lighting design. strong arts and design professional graduated from jawaharlal nehru computer accademy.,
highly motivated,systematic, organized, hardworking and dedicated team player with an analytical bent of mind with excellent academic credentials.   i am a qualified architect/interior designer with 5 years of extensive experience in the architectural & interior designing arena.  possess flair for drawing, deft in translating concepts, dexterous in visualizing accurately and technically qualified in the discipline with credential as bachelors in architecture(b.arch) from measi academy of architecture (2006-2011),chennai,india and masters in interior design from edinburgh college of art, university of edinburgh,scotland,united kingdom.
i have worked in this profession for 12 years up to very high quality of projects, clients and employers. i am very grateful towards this, as it has given me the chance to cover many different aspects and complexities one may come across. i am adaptable and flexible towards the different minds sets and cultures.    i have had the gratifying experience of having designed luxury residential, commercial, f&b and hotels. 
we blue dome provide the best services in interiors works to exceed our customer   s expectations and achieve the satisfaction of the best quality. our teams with over 10 years experience in the field are well trained and customer oriented to handle all kind of services required. blue dome value our customer   s time, the quality and the creativity. we aim to build long lasting relationships with blue dome   s clients through the best services and achievements.. impressed our customers with the innovative designs, creativity and perfect combination of customer   s style. we are capable to meet the requirements of verity of the interiors works, for residential and elegant commercial projects.,
i am crazy enough to think i can change the world,korapikavenus, a design professional with experience specializing in commercial projects. a passionate designer with excellent qualification skills in developing creative and functional design solutions. self motivated and constantly seeking challenges to develop innovative design ideas. having a deep knowledge of providing clients with practical yet aesthetically pleasing designs in order to meet their specific requirements. experienced in developing design brief, concept, construction documents and site representations. able to organize, prioritize and work best under pressure.,
i am a designer focusing on performance marketing and visual brand of blinkist. i am interested in finding design solutions within technical constraints that meet business goals. my work involves market research, documentation, gathering data and collaboration with crossfunctional teams    to create successful creatives on platforms such as facebook, instagram, uacs etc. in the past, i worked on branding, editorial projects and social media campaigns to create value for customers.,
my name is rami tawil, i'm visual artist from aleppo/sy.   i graduated in 2012 in art and design gaining a higher national diploma from btec  and visited several trainings in graphic design. i worked from 2013 to 2015 for cicero printing in beirut, lebanon.  my work there included the production of basic elements and units in the business field, like logos, business cards, editing of head and footnotes, newsletters, advertising, brochures, flyers, on- and offline ads. i have profound experiences in idea development and visual conception. i would consider myself a very creative person with a keen mind, sharp visions and strong communication skills. deadlines of clients always get the highest priority and their satisfaction is my main goal.  since 7 years i work as a professional photographer on a freelance base. my goal is to shoot special moments and edit less. i rather take the time and try to catch the best moment for the shot instead of editing with photoshop for hours.,
design driven innovation / strategy / cultural change.  i help my organization to deliver strategic innovation by tearing down its silos through a design-driven approach.  my work starts understanding people needs, then proceeds envisioning how people, technologies, business and processes have to be interwoven to deliver outstanding customer and service experiences.  specialties   - strategic design - service innovation - service design - design sprints - design thinking - user experience - service management - illustration - graphic design - electronics and telecommunications,jovatsuni
a perceptive designer committed to solving complex business problems with simple human-centred design solutions. delivered seamless web, app and in-store experiences leveraging innovation, skill, and learnings garnered from diverse projects across different markets. able to transform knowledge to impact across the design value chain, from ux design to implementation.,
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in interior . skilled in 3d max , rendering , autocad , microsoft word, adobe photoshop, leadership, and research. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in architecture from faculty of fine arts helwan university.    i have 6 years experience in interior and exterior design.  currently, i am based in dubai, and looking for a full time position
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. meeting clients and discussing project design and progress   research and study the project in a detailed manner   developing f,f &e and lighting   preparation of presentation board for interior design project   communicating with subcontractors and suppliers ensure that the delivery and execution of work on site is done to our specification   interior design projects included palaces high-end home , show villas , banks , community centers , restaurants , commercial showrooms , exhibitions , etc      skilled in sketching, drawing, adobe photoshop, interior design, and architecture , video graph y  . strong arts and design professional graduated from applied university of khartoum.
experience designer with hands-on working experience in all parts of software development life cycle     with an emphasis on design thinking, agile development, and refinement. he has lived and worked in san francisco bay area for more than a decade, majority of his career. he   s worked with startups in san francisco, istanbul, and buenos aires before moving to berlin.
i   m an american/lebanese creative designer who is self-motivated, self-sufficient and comes to you with a strong  background in both print and digital media. i have over 5 years of experience with design software, including illustrator, indesign, photoshop, premiere, and after effects.  i have worked with clients such as meraas ( roxy cinemas, laguna waterpark, mattel play! town, the green planet and splash pad), hasbro ( play doh, transformers and nerf), almed retail (un dimanche a paris), iffco, & others.
interior & architecture fit-out project manager,freelancer,interior designer .shantam is part of the gensler workplace studio that focuses on projects for the top global technology firms including facebook, intuit, visa & accenture. shantam brings his unique experiences and learnings from his multi-cultural background to create tailored spaces in local and international locations ranging from the bay area to dubai. in his role as technical designer, shantam brings a key balance between the technical side of projects, while always maintaining a cohesive design narrative. shantam is known to push design realization by utilizing technological tools such as virtual reality and augmented reality.,shantam96,
interior designer graduated from france, i am exploiting my creativity and my techniques in the design field.  having lived in the gulf for 14 years and europe for 10 years, i am fluently quadrilingual in arabic, french, english and spanish. my strengths include hardwork and being a team player with excellent communication skills, ability to multitask and work to strict deadlines. i  have the will, motivation, drive and passion to create and reach excellence.
experienced user experience designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in web design, cascading style sheets (css), html, user interface design, and adobe photoshop. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of engineering (b.e.) focused in computer software engineering from qazvin islamic azad univercity.
me, as a designer i work for people, their requirements their comfort with the trends of market
i am a creative and talented graphic designer with 9years experience in designs and deep interest in video editing , photography and social media designs .at the same time i am a student who has been researching the current marketing trends.     i am trying to make a unique design. i worked with marketing in construction field,advertising, e commerce ,and freelance designs. i am able to work with any field with this experiences.     since 2017 i am working as a senior graphic designer in marketing department for a landscaping company in dubai. i am staying with my family in sharjah   currently i am looking for a new job in dubai 
passionate about human beings and driven by innovation. i love a good challenge, new learnings and motivating those around me. i discovered the technology industry at the british school of creative arts in s  o paulo at the beginning of 2018, and started designing digital products ever since.  i have a multidisciplinary and self-taught profile, and believe that my greatest qualities are the ability to adapt to give my best in any adversity and to captivate people to achieve common goals with me.  today, i see design as a tool for social transformation and i feel grateful to be useful in people's lives, directly or indirectly, proposing solutions for a society as a whole.
i'm an engineering student with a passion for wearable technology, interaction design and traveling who enjoys food and art and is fueled by new experiences.,
i am a ui/ux designer based in dubai. i design mobile apps, web, wearables i am always looking for projects that innovates my mind & challenges my skills. 
open innovation     design thinking     digital transformation     human centred design,lego group
turnkey interior fit out solutions   for offices, showrooms, shops, restaurants etc. this includes space planning, design and project management. expertise in developing walk thru, 3d & 2d visuals. proven track records in completion of prestigious projects with finesse.,riazali
experienced develepment engineer with a demonstrated history of working in a  camponents maufacturing. skilled in production control and monitoring, planning, data synchronising, product development, problem analysis, process control, and erp software. strong operations professional with a bachelor's degree focused in mechanical engineering..,
architect and creative interior designer brings vision to life with over 3 years of experience specializing in working with residential and commercial projects.     organised and efficient, designer works closely with clients to achieve masterful results, capitalising on space, materials and interior architecture.     worked in architecture, interior design, 3d architectural visualization, supervision of implementation and finishing works on site.     graduated 2016, in environmental architectural engineering.  computer skills       autodesk ( autocad and 3d studio max) (expert)      adobe (photoshop ) (expert)
a degree-qualified landscape architect and an experienced urban designer of 3 years, with an interest in the harmonious relationship between people, places and the environment within growing cities. as the number of people living in urban areas increase, it becomes more important to revolutionize and re-envision sustainable living,
aspiring social entrepreneur looking to crescendo the designing for impact movement. passionate about delightful experiences, genuine storytelling, and data-driven decisions. actively looking for new opportunities and connecting with like-minded folks! 
i am a product ui/ux designer with a degree in industrial design. with 5+ years of experience, i have lived and worked in germany, sweden, and taiwan where i worked in multidisciplinary teams for both medium-sized organizations and small startups.  in my role as a product designer, i designed several digital projects, ios & android apps, web applications, and responsive web designs. i have good knowledge of html and css, user experience design, interaction design, and user interface design. i value collaboration and am at my best when i   m part of a team.  i have a passion for detail and care for great usability and aesthetics. i love making beautiful visuals but it   s not what drives me. what drives me is delivering great experiences and solving problems. i have empathy for customer needs, but can also consider technical constraints and business goals.  technical skills  - figma, sketch, zeplin, invision, invision studio
principal product designer currently leading the design system team for the k  rber group. former  graphic  designer. took  the  leap towards ui and ux design late 2010. worked  in  lisbon and  barcelona,  before  moving to  berlin to  specialize in web and mobile products.  smart and humorous expects only the best performance from herself and those around her and has a  profound need to be encircled with motivated people. not afraid to take criticisms, she considers them a crucial cogwheel for personal development.  specialties in no particular order  web and mobile apps, interaction design, user interface, product design, prototyping, user experience, mentoring, leadership.,dvosk
i have five of years of print experience. i am confident that my combination of practical work experience and solid educational experience has prepared me for making an immediate contribution i understand the level of professionalism and communication required for long-term success in the field. my background and professional approach to business will provide your office with a highly productive graphic designer ,design lab,freelance graphic designer
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in multimedia, adobe illustrator, after effects and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree in graphic design and multimedia focused in graphic design from the university of sharjah.
i am a dedicated data-enthusiast product designer based in berlin. aside from having a strong educational background in design, i have gained significant work experience in civic and social organization, art and culture, and academia.   having worked in diverse non-profit environments, i am used to training and mediating different interest groups for the common goal. i have adopted patience and empathy that help me now especially when dealing with diverse stakeholders.  i have an aptitude for setting solid goals and quickly getting familiar with new digital design challenges. i truly enjoy working with creative people, sharing ideas, and getting inspired by each other which in my experience can deliver truly outstanding results.   additionally, i have recently joined a vocational training to hone my digital skills. my final project created with a fellow was voted by the public as the best in the ux/ui category, where we presented +200 people.
wave properties,it administrator | web & graphic designer | digital marketing,experienced lighting designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. strong operations professional skilled in relux, autocad, landscape lighting, sketchup, and electrical design.
a well presented, articulate and confident individual with a proven ability to provide exceptional customer service and ensure that customers leave with a lasting positive impression of their inquiries.   have an outgoing personality, good interpersonal skills and the ability to work in a multi-national team environment with confidence and minimal supervision. comfortable with working in a fast paced environment and able to build and maintain good relationships with work colleagues and customers through a genuine desire to understand their needs and support 
interior and furniture designer passionate to introduce original designs to every interior and any product i work on, i have good experience working on architectural, interior and furniture design projects, i am very skilled in 3d modeling techniques, visualizing the design and manufacturing of complex geometries using digital manufacturing techniques.
al jaber aluminium extrusions,facade designer,experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in page layout, adobe photoshop, branding, digital marketing, and design. strong arts and design professional with a master diploma in multimedia & animation focused in graphic design from mhr multimedia & animation.,
i am a designer and illustration artist based in berlin, germany. i have worked in award-winning advertising agencies and transformative digital agencies, freelanced for clients around the globe and illustrated for genuinely sustainable start-ups. as a traveler by nature i   m intrinsically curious about new adventures and discovering new ways to make an impact on human mobility and urban lifestyle innovations.
product designer with 10 years of experience. in my career i had the chance to work with a variety of tech startups and under various methodologies alongside engineers, pms and designers. i believe that good design is an outcome of a communicative and emphatic team culture.
passionate and inventive creator of things. award-winning multitalented designer with extensive experience in multimedia, advertising, and marketing. worked with globally respected brands including apple, nissan, infiniti, ferrero, and emirates. exceptional interpersonal skills  dynamic team player with well-developed written and verbal communication abilities.
design generalist, mentor, & indie maker. serially featured on google play and ios app store, including repeated app of the day features. conversion rate booster. design system fanatic. usability devotee.                       my journey isn't one dating back to some early point in childhood. if only i knew at that age that felt tips, sticky notes, and whiteboards could form the basis of a job     let alone one so fulfilling and meaningful. instead, it hinges on a few moments of revelation at the meeting of two unusual bedfellows  geography and design.  as my fellow geographers will know, geography closes no doors. it is open, expansive, and accommodating. it morphs to you, not you to it. through its spatial lens, i observed design in action     its power, its consequences, its good, its bad. to give but one example, my thesis set in areas as culturally diverse as they were financially deprived gave a first-hand account of how individuals often remained adrift of community life not as a result of self-imposition, but sub-optimal design. a troubling yet deeply motivating conclusion.  by graduation, my path had been mapped. it was to deviate from observing design to enacting it. that began with talented developer friends generously partnering with me on a series of indie apps. an immense learning curve ensued
passionate about product design and ux design. experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry. skilled in coreldraw, textiles, adobe photoshop, nedgraphics, sales management, and creative developement. strong arts and  design professional graduated from systems technology institute ( sti ).
i have great +6 years experience working with some of the biggest names worldwide like    google, syngenta, ubs    in vastly different areas and industries.   my process starts with implementing user research, matching the user needs with business requirements. building the right ideation/concepts for the user. implement visual designs and prototypes then test them with real users. also, i have great capabilities in matching the ux process with the agile environment.  i   m skilled in common design, prototype, interactions software e.g. (adobe creative suite, sketch app, axure, invision), furthermore i   m knowledgeable of capabilities and limitations of web and mobile technologies such as html, css, bootstrap, javascript & swift.,amryounes92,
germany,guido is a global partner at the strategic design consultancy manyone.  with 20+ years of experience at the intersection of strategy, design and technology, guido works with global brands to deliver sustainable experiences for their customers that translate into loyalty and business impact.  in the past, guido was head of experience design for lufthansa group, with the mission to firmly establish human-centric design as a strategic initiative within lufthansa group and to change the way how one of the world's largest airline groups creates future products, services and experiences for its more than 140 million guests.  prior to his role at lufthansa group, guido was the global cco of the strategic design group designit, as well as the founder of several design startups. he is an advisory board member as well as a frequent speaker at international events and conferences.
a multimedia design graduate from the american university of sharjah whom is interested in exploring multiple variations within her field. as the work varies from video art, animation, interface design, interactive narrative to photography in its both mediums, analog and digital. rawan has exhibited her video art work in festivals like, the 23rd of the international video art festival (fiav) in casablanca (maroc) and the 29th festival les instants video in marseille, france.,
hello!  i am an innovative graphic designer and a business management graduate who provides creative design services, such as  branding and identity design, illustrations, arabic calligraphy, video editing and motion graphics services.   being an enthusiastic, innovative autodidact, i am keen to collaboratively apply my visual problem-solving skills and acquired knowledge by selling a solution that's specific to various business needs, in order to enhance my industry knowledge and innovatively excel in the graphic design field, and thereby contribute towards the betterment of society. 
with international expertise on ux and product design. leading and building ux teams since 2012.   my 13 years experience as a designer has shaped me to become the critical thinker i am today.  i enjoy working with stakeholders to develop new or existing concepts while actively searching for the connections, patterns, and relationships underlying a problem. i go beyond just making things that look and feel good. i endeavor towards work that drives action, generates results, and strives for a change.,shiran_sanjeewa,
i create intuitive, well thought-through wireframes, and clean, modern interfaces. i use analytics and usability tests to prove my solutions work to increase conversion rates and meet business objectives.  in my work, i do my best to meet my clients' expectations and deadlines while focusing on user-centric design philosophy.,
i   m user experience and user interface designer, focused on creation enterprise solutions for web services and mobile applications which balance user needs with business goals and technical capabilities. loves everything that has to do with aesthetically beautiful, simple and usable design solutions.
over the last 2 years i have continuously strive to gain and improve my knowledge throughout all aspects of the website & graphics. i also went on to gain a basic understanding of  web design using the html,css & php and graphics designing using the adobe illustrator, adobe photo shop, corel draw & in design. i have used these tools to successfully create web pages, banners, ads and advertising materials. this has greatly improved my ability to create aesthetically pleasing user interfaces. my dedication to self-improvement in web/graphics design. has inspired me to study web at a university, where i hope to incorporate new ideas with my own knowledge in a practical and beneficial way, as well as to add work to a future portfolio. over the course of my designing, i have identified several areas in which i struggled and have decided, in order to make my transfer to university easier, to spend the next year focusing and developing my knowledge in those areas by researching and experimenting with new ideas to find a practice that is both practical and compliments my style.
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, after effects, adobe premiere, and cinema 4d and wordpress. strong arts and design professional graduated 
experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in web design, bootstrap, html, and project management. strong arts and design professional with a ba-sociology focused in information technology from co-operative arts & science college,mukkom.,
for over 5 years, i have been helping people design websites and brands as a full time freelancer. i enjoy designing websites for startups and entrepreneurs.  my key skills   wordpress, shopify, magento html5, css3, google adsense, google analytics, windows server, web programming skills, e-commerce, teamwork, cross-browser compatibility, adobe photoshop.,waheedpotter,
based in dubai-uae, i'm a creative designer  with exceptional collaborative and interpersonal skills with 1 and half years of experience in uae and around 5 years of experience in india. a dynamic team player with well developed written and verbal communication abilities. accustomed to performing in deadline driven environments with an emphasis on working within budget requirements.  previous experiences in ad agencies and mnc. specialise in creation of social media designs, websites (ui/ux), landing pages, banner ads, emailers, product packaging, flyers and content development alike,
a hard working person who can work as part of a team or individually using my own initiative. pro-active, enthusiastic and confident when approaching any task or challenge. not afraid to think outside the box and explore all options. high motived to achieve the best possible outcome. overall objective is to enhance my design skills and knowledge further and to use my skills to become an asset to the company.,endpoint.
contact information (for u.s only)  ,nickpulido496nikolas pulido - the brand designer,designer graphics designer for printing,(illustrator,correl draw photoshop)all kinds of 2d design making using autocad also have knowledge in autocad detailing .i had worked as a team leader both cnc and art department (cnc router,large format printing,vinyle plotting,laser with amazing skills.technical knowledge in acrylic structure and product displays making,also have experience in carpentry structure detailing with better knowledge in sketch up.can work under pressure and make it befor the deadline,
hello, this is rahat khan. i'm a graphic designer. i am completed my bachelor of fine arts and my major subject was graphic design, in 2013 university of development alternative, dhaka, bangladesh. i have work experience over 9 years in graphic design because i started my career when i am a university student, as a professional, i am willingly ready to do fulltime job and contractual job and besides this, right now i am studying in leadership in the creative industries in masters program in hochschule darmstadt university of applied sciences germany. 
i specialize in alias 3d surface design development.my core area of interest is transportation and product design.,heinekampdesign gmbh
experienced division manager with a demonstrated history of working in the retail industry. skilled in business process, requirements analysis, business process design, enterprise architecture, and customer relationship management (crm). strong consulting professional with a diplom focused in mathematik from universit  t rostock.,
experienced freelance motion designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in photography, adobe illustrator, after effects, graphic design, and motion graphics. strong arts and design professional graduated from essted.
graduated in 2014 from the department of architecture at cairo university, very interested in design also have a different interest and experience as an event planner that started while studying architecture, so that gave me the opportunity to develop my management skills. i always have the passion to learn and exploring new tools and techniques.  my career as an architect dealt with residential, commercial and mixed-use projects. then, my goal to be an interior design moved me to teach my self the interior design principles also the tools i`d need to do my first freelancer project that was based in uae .   after that i have moved to egypt for 10 months to start my professional career as interior designer where i have worked with a very talented team dealing with different projects.   now, i`m looking for an opportunity to express my skills, widening my horizon, working with a team to learn new techniques and workflows.,
project interior designer with an eye for details and a flair for concepts has many years experience in the uae and understands how interiors are constructed from a practical and logical stand point.  responsible for the co-ordination of design information between the design team and third parties and also the production and control of drawing / specification / 3d renders. studied fine arts major in interior design at the university of the east caloocan city, philippines.,gensler
experienced architect with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. skilled in autocad, revit, photoshop, and lumion. strong arts and design professional with a master of architecture (m.arch.) focused in architecture from islamic azad university.,
experienced interior architect with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. skilled in autocad, revit, sketching, prezi, and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in architecture from studied architecture at shoubra faculty of engineering,benha university.
an accomplished fashion designing expert with more than 10 years of insightful experience in developing various fashion collections for reputed brands, and teaching distinctive concepts of pattern drafting and dress making at a well-known college. a result-oriented, hard-working, and creative individual, recognized for proficiency in applying designing skills, fashion sense, and industry knowledge to conceptualize and realize highly innovative apparels. exploring challenging opportunities to mentor a team of designers with leading international fashion brands, in an effort to achieve organizational objectives.,
interior designer - architect on the client's side. currently managing the interiors of six flags dubai which is phase two of dubai parks and resorts.,dxb entertainments,senior designer
experience the perfect fit with tailored suits from diana style, select the design you like, text us your size with delivery address and get your suit in just 2 weeks.
my passion toward art came at a very young age. every artwork i create consists of my emotions, feelings and thoughts. i don   t only focus on one field in the art sector  i like to show a variety of skills and techniques throughout my works. as a designer i would like to introduce new art styles and technique and always aim to be unique in my profession. my inspiration usually comes from what is surrounding me specially the emirati culture and heritage. in my designs i usually focus on infusing both modern art and emirati culture resulting a sense of uniqueness to my designs. i am very much into typography and photography  i cherish immersing both the style together. slow shutter effect is my favorite photography styles. i love how it shows feelings, emotions and movement in each capture. now days i get recognized by my style which is the slow shutter black and white photography effect to many people, which i am pretty sure that it is a great start for my future career as a graphic designer.
a confident, competent and imaginative interior designer with extensive experience of working on a mixture of projects. having an excellent commercial approach to solving problems and a proven ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces, including structural alterations. an ambitious, creative and dedicated design professional eager to gain experience in a creative environment. now looking for a new and challenging position, one which will make best use of my existing creative skills and experience and also further my personal and professional development.
ood day  i`m very keen to expand my skill with a progressive company.  i have over 6 years of graphic designing experience and i can handle full campaigns and creative branding on my own.  currently working as a graphic designing advertising & and sign age in sharjha - uae.  visa status  employment visa    with best regards   
an award-winning qualified and confident art/fashion design teacher and a designer with the masters of art education and bachelor of design, able to establish rapport with pupil and convey information with clarity and enthusiasm. highly trained in a wide array of artistic medium. talent of instilling art appreciation and promoting creativity and open mildness. known for an interactive designing and teaching style that encourages student participation and enthusiasm while facilitating learning. view teaching and learning as a dynamic and interactive process.  professional synopsis     a dynamic, sincere & diligent professional with over 07 years of rich and extensive experience in learning & development, knowledge management, career counselling, people development, human resource and team management.      i have instruct diverse group of middle school students, and as a result, i have developed highly effective teaching techniques and instructional methods, which have allowed me to educate all styles of learners, and foster a fun and engaging learning environment that effectively teaches art appreciation, promote creativity, and encourages growing independence.     one of my greatest strength as an educator is meeting each students unique needs by developing a personal understanding of each one of them. i achieved this by seeing and assessing the students as individuals, and tailoring lesson plans to accommodate multiple intelligence's. .    
fashion designer having notable experience with abercrombie & fitch, billabong, m&s and next., projects  audi a3 2020 nf (interior)  audi prologue avant concept (interior) geneva, mar. 2015  audi q7 nf (interior) detroit, jan. 2015  audi prologue concept (interior) los angeles, nov. 2014  audi a2 concept (interior) iaa, sept. 2011
an architect / interior designer with a strong creative flair and a high degree of professional competence. i have 6 years of demonstrated skills and experience working with reputed architecture organizations in uae and egypt by being instrumental in the development of various residential, commercial, governmental and religious projects. i look forward to acquiring further skills and thrive with the organization by understanding and learning different aspects of architecture design, interior design, construction, and interior fit-out.,
i would like to be associated with a progressive organisation with can provide me a dynamic work-sphere to extract my skills and develop my knowledge at a professional level. i have the followings   -creativity and imagination -an eye for design, including colour, and good 3d awareness -the ability to visualise concepts and explain them to others -good drawing
strong in outdoor as well as in indoor lighting design.  specialities   outdoor   fa  ade, city beautification, landmark design, sport area, stadium lighting, street lighting, etc.  indoor   technical, shop design, retail, office lighting, decorative lighting, technodecorative lighting, conceptual lighting & more.,
inspired by details, driven by creativity and passionate about interiors.   main experience  2 years experience in residential design, working on design and build of individual villas and apartments in emirates hills/ dubai hills/ golden mile palm and etc. also worked on home renovation and fit-out of crucial circumstance villas,
more than 4 years of experience in developing and managing interior & architecture projects, delivering full interior design packages, preparing boqs, planning, 3d modelling, technical drawing, interactions and coordination between client   s needs as well as structure & mep consultants. site supervision, providing advice, preparing weekly reports, check technical drawings on site and ensure that all materials used and work performed are in accordance with the specifications.  currently live and work in uae, and i'm available for freelance work. please feel free to contact me for any opportunities.
experienced product designer with a background in graphic design currently working for hellofresh in berlin. i'm passionate about designing digital experiences that people love.   i previously worked at sapientrazorfish for over 2 years on ui/ux projects with global clients like clarins, taj hotels, marks, ascena and glaxosmithkline.   in my free time, i enjoy working on my motion design skills, illustrating and i   m always up for good game of tennis. 
a creative graphic designer with over 5 years of experience along with a strong academic background in graphic design. i have professional experience in brand identity, logo design, brochures, flyers, billboards, editorial design, image editing etc. i have the ability to provide highly creative design using adobe creative suite (photoshop and illustrator especially). i have experience and passion for photography and videography. proven graphic design skills backed by a strong portfolio.
ghosay interior - sr interior designer (aug 2018     feb 2019)  -work with interior design team to develop design solutions -research concepts and materials to support design team on technical issues   -work within timely schedules to coordinate the completion of tasks through to final project completion -conduct on-site observations and provide recommendations to help streamline ongoing design projects  fusion x - designs -junior interior designer (sept 2017     july 2018)   -work with interior design team to develop design solutions. -research concepts and materials to support design team on technical issues . -prepare and participate in client presentations,alayoubi technologies,lighting designer
i've started my career life as customer service representative and events    organizer in the planetarium science center, library of alexandria for about 2 years during college.  after graduation, i took a training in el tarek automotive as customer care executive for almost one year, following up with the clients, check their complains and concerns, helping them understand the automotive market, meet their needs and exceed their expectations.  after that, i   ve worked in an advertising agency for 3 years as graphic designer, using adobe photoshop, illustrator and indesign creating flyers, brochures, logos, branding, ad magazine and finalize it by deadline. then i worked as a freelancer graphic designer and photographer, online and through agencies in egypt.  after this i moved to vodafone international services     uk account in the same role for another year getting the best numbers for the team which made me floor support and team manager delegate.  then i moved to find a new challenge in dubai which i started my career there in studex as office manager and sales coordinator maintaining a regular flow of information between clients and the internal team in the medical field over the middle east and south africa along with managing the social media and creating the graphic designs for the magazine ads, banners, logos and flyers.  now i   m working as a graphic designer and clients relations in an import and export company in the medical equipment field.  arabic is my mother tongue and excellent in english novice in turkish
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. professional skilled in autocad, adobe photoshop, interior design, 3d studio max, and microsoft office.
business coordinator at neptune yachts.  experienced fashion designer with a demonstrated history of working in the apparel and fashion industry. im, by nature, curious about fashion as a form of art, which is a nonstop phase of evolution. my 3 years of studying fashion helped me understand customers image aspirations and create what they desire.  these small creations led to start my own brand astray by manal shaikh where we make what you desire. starting from basic designer casual wear to elegant and royal bridal wear for every culture
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, adobe photoshop, autocad architecture, space planning, and microsoft office. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture (b.arch.) focused in architecture from technological institute of the philippines.
i   m a designer passionate about changing things to the better for people.  i appreciate that design is a collaborative and iterative process. i balance business, strategy, and people to create products that feel natural, compelling, and that meet the requirements. being human-centric, i always strive to craft experiences that are accessible and easy to understand.     specialties  user experience design, design thinking, lean ux, user research & analysis, visual design, user interface design, interaction design, usability testing, information architecture.,
passionate, driven and with an eye for detail, it did not take long for justin to earn his place amongst the tribe and prove to be an integral part of the design family. justin   s all rounded approach and skillset ensures his continual growth within the design industry.,
specialties   ideation concept generation 3d visualization automotive design industrial design ,i have a firm grasp on what is needed for the future of fashion and will be a trendsetter when working for the right company. an extremely creative thinker with profound knowledge of what people prefer in terms of apparel and accessories, i am positive in my ability to make a valuable contribution,red tag
architect and photographer  yet,very fond of branding and product design.  i had the opportunity to work in several countries such as  ksa, egypt, uae and burundi which gave me the know-how of designing buildings that respond to their context and employ an innovative use of materials to achieve the final exceptional product.   i work equally in team oriented and self-directed environments, in addition to my experience and energy, at ehaf consulting engineers, i have leveraged my skills to meet and exceed expectations.  i can adapt myself to new and different situations, read the behavior of other people, compromise to reach agreement, and avoid and resolve conflict.   basically, i believe that good communication skills are some of the simplest, most essential and most useful tools for success.  i love art in all its types, photography is my passion, in which i can express my self and catch unique moments, i have that kind of passion towards branding and identities.
having previously worked for two worldwide luxury interior companies specialising in fitting out super yachts, private aircraft and luxury residencies, i now work in dubai as an interior designer for xbd collective- an award winning architectural and interior design company. i work closely with many of the worlds high end brands, building professional relationships and collaborating to produce bespoke interior solutions for our high-net worth 
i'm a product designer who's been building web and mobile products since 2012.  i believe that while technology has changed a lot, people haven   t. we     the people     remain curious, hungry for knowledge and, well, unpredictable. put together, curiosity, hunger and unpredictability make the perfect storm for innovation.  in a world where technology is there to serve people, and not the other way around, i   m one of those optimists who think there   s no better time to be alive. every day, new tech is created. every day, a designer is tasked with taking such tech and making it usable by and understandable for humans.  furthermore, i consider designers to have an increasingly important role in shaping the future not only by making complex technologies simple, but also by holding one another accountable for our design decisions both from a moral and human perspective.  good design, therefore, can't be only about beautiful pixels and smooth interactions. it   s about connecting with people and serving them with purposeful experiences. it   s about helping people do more with less. it   s about problem-solving. it   s about empathy, about understanding the people you   re designing for and going as far as feeling their pains, fears and frustrations as if they were your own.  and, yeah
experienced fashion designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in garment designing, graphic design, adobe photoshop, and illustrator. strong arts and design professional graduated from london metropolitan university.,
pinnacle interiors llc ,i am a service & ux designer currently based in munich, passionate about and specialised in using design as a problem solving tool through which we can shape better experiences for people in products and service systems.
i am a user experience  designer with 15 years experience in designing and delivering solutions for  media, architecture and enterprise businesses.  i am currently employed at sap providing ux architecture solutions for sap it.,
dynamic interior designer / 3d visualizer professional with three years and 9 months of work experience (project management, space planning, and computer-aided design). multi-site environment, identifying and meeting deadlines, developing customer relations. to utilize my skills & abilities in an environment that offers professional growth, where there is large customer interaction & promising to maintain the integrity of the organization through my ethically conscious personality,
my skills and capabilities are strongly in line with the requirements stated in your job description, making me believe that i would be a perfect fit for this role. during the last two years with my present employer, i have been successfully taking projects through from concept to completion. i possess excellent drawing and presentation skills, and am conversant with all key fields of interior designing.   as a good team player who is open to working in a fast paced environment with demanding deadlines, i can quickly create superb individual conceptual designs, work out costs and prepare estimates. on top of this i possess excellent communication skills and will be very comfortable liaising directly with clients.   as someone who is creative, technically minded and has great attention to detail, i can easily design, develop and deliver unique high end results. i am an expert at autocad, 3d modelling, photoshop, powerpoint, hand sketching, vectorworks, lighting and colour schemes. greater details of what i can offer and of my accomplishments can be found on my attached resume.,
creative graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in retail. skilled in photography, social media content, branding, web layout, retouching, motion graphics, video editing.  i love everything that has to do with design. my interest is for exploring unique forms of creativity for the fullfilment of both corporate and personal goals.,
experienced  architect/ interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, revit, adobe photoshop, autocad architecture, and construction drawings. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in architecture from middle east university - meu.
the first group,interior designer,web designer/developer experienced with various projects with many international clients in various countries.i have pro-active hands on work ethic and believe myself to be a well organised individual with a positive attitude and have a good problem solving ability adapting to situations as they arise.  i personally have experience delivering and managing outstanding strategically creative design and marketing solutions across a wide variety of media, from cutting-edge web and multimedia applications,design and building of websites.  i possess a strong programming and development extensive knowledge and hands on experience in leading clients and technical teams to deliver solutions across initial designing, prototype, programming, the e-business, application development and integration with legacy systems, consulting and corporate settings with user support achieving utilizing contemporary web and programming technologies.  definition and analysis of client requirements, document requirements (e.g. functional specifications, wire frame designing, technical design, user guides, & user training), architect, design, develop & test applications.  known for strength of facilitation and building relationships with peers, team members and customers.  services   - website development  - website designing,
designer with more than 9 yrs of experience   currently specialising with 3d design, exhibition and events, interior and architectural 3d imaging, branding guidelines, creative design, graphic arts, creative presentation, digital art, illustration,   expert skill on 3dsmax, autocad, photoshop, illustrator, after effects,
experienced men designer with a demonstrated history of working in the apparel and fashion industry. skilled in denims, denim washing, trend analysis, and textiles. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor in design (b.des) focused in fashion/apparel design from national institute of fashion technology.
i   m a principal product designer at intercom, where over the past six years i   ve helped the company grow from 40 to 600 people by doing hands-on product design work, managing and coaching other product designers, and helped establish a strong design culture.   i   ve also launched two side-projects  inboard     a mac app for organising your screenshots, and later     an ios and mac app for quick reminders.  i occasionally write on product design and running design teams
professionally an architect, designer and urban planner residing in the uae. experienced with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry, with architectural and planning knowledge in projects pertaining to commercial, educational, institutional, urban and residential built forms. i have also ventured into the domain of interior and graphic design. skilled in rhinoceros, autocad, sketchup, adobe creative suite, lumion and microsoft office.   i look to create, ideate and design with varied perspectives, prioritizing both microscopic and macroscopic results in a sustainable manner. a globe trotter, who seeks aesthetic and identity in all aspects and facets of the cityscapes i explore, having lived in india, nigeria, uae and france. i have always been interested in the cultural and environmental consonance and meaning that we derive from architectural structures, landscapes and urbanscapes that we are surrounded by.   i'm currently looking to exercise my professional capabilities
enthusiastic, professional, and executive interior designer with a proven track record of 3 and a half years experience in the field of interior design.
a successful entrepreneur and product designer based in berlin. deep experience in design, design thinking, prototyping and agile methodologies. for two decades ian has held professional creative positions at leading companies in ireland, germany & uk. his work has been enjoyed by millions around the world.  founder of formation - team productivity tool for workers in large workplaces. co-founder of fluid software and designer of saas tool fluidui.com - the world's first dedicated mobile app prototyping and wireframing tool at launch. fluid ui is today used by hundreds of thousands of ux designers from 120 countries around the world and is beloved by the world of education. notable customers include t-mobile, siemens, oracle and google.   a forward-thinking designer with a passion for all aspects of design. built on a background in industrial design and game design to craft unique design solutions. designs range from game design for consoles and mobile to interaction design for enterprise-scale geospatial systems. previously lectured and studied industrial design at institute of technology carlow and at university of ulster.   mentor to high potential startups through techstars accelerators, metro group, sap.io foundry with a focus on ai and ml startups as well as the sap venture studio intrapreneurship cohort - part of the 1 billion lives social good initiative.  i love what i do.,ianhannigan,
m.e. in illumination engineering with 5+ years of experience as a lighting designer. expert in led technology, energy management, architectural and technical lighting design for various indoor and outdoor applications with good knowledge of en and ies standards.
specialist in construction technologies, architectural design and project presentation,interior treasures qatar
an energetic and creative interior designer with quest for innovative ways to explore and challenge design solutions with environmental friendly approach. a passionate researcher with love for refined, vernacular and scandinavian styles in design. specialized in a wide range of projects with experience in new construction and renovation from pre-concept and briefing, to tender documentation across the uae. having worked with well-known 5 star hotel and hospital operators such as marriott, ritz carlton, avani, chedi, and king   s college, i have developed a strong skill set in modern and traditional fabrications. i have established a very organized approach in delivering projects which allows me to successfully manage and coordinate the design between the client, consultants and the studio production team, culminating in high quality projects.,
i'm a multitalented person with games as my life passion.   i focus my efforts on building strong creative teams with a high sense of ownership and collaboration. by working together and using methodical approaches, we can turn our ideas into games that our players love.  i've also been engaged in esports since 2001, fielding several different roles such as tournament organizer, onstage host, caster and coach.  main skills and knowledge * building strong teams * setting up frameworks for teams to succeed  * game design * programming * public speaking, panels, conferences * tournament organization * esports casting * coaching teams  expertise areas * ai * general gameplay * character progression  more info about me along with cv's can be found in my online portfolio - mejerwall.com
experienced senior interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. skilled in residential , commercial , retail interior and hospitality design,project execution  , auto cad architecture, interior architecture, space planning, and landscaping. strong arts and design professional with a diploma in interior & architecture designing .,
green oasis decoration,love what you do, and do what you love, the quote that always motivates me to accomplish my dream... hello there! i am tala and i am an interior designer who is always eager to learn and face a good challenge!
i am currently working in lincoln university of business and management. i worked in amazon development center, chennai  as a visual designer and in august faller artwork solutions, ernakulam as a graphic designer.    i completed my master's in graphic design from sacred heart college, kochi and bachelor's in animation and graphic design from st. joseph college of communication, changanaserry, kerala.,
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the glass, ceramics and concrete industry. skilled in adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, adobe xd, autocad, sketchup, blender, ceramic tile, art, digital marketing, and microsoft office. strong arts and design professional graduated from l.e. college
experienced product designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in mobile applications, web design and ios development. strong arts and design professional with a master of science - ms focused in industrial and product design from delft university of technology.
i am architect & interior designer graduated from cairo university department of architectural engineering in 2013 and i have pre-masters in environmental design in 2018.  i have 5 years    experience in the field of architectural engineering & interior design.in addition to experience in dubai .where i worked on projects such as villa reception, waredrops,vanities and kitchens.  i have 5 years    experience with software programs such as 3d max, revit, autocad, photoshop and lumion.
architecture | travel | photography,baituti llc,experienced interior architect with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry for more than 8 years. strong architect and interior design professional skilled in hospitality sector, residential , mixed-use, commercial , retail. with excellent skills in, and autocad, microsoft software adobe photoshop,indesign.,
experienced project designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry in hospitality, commercial, retail, and residential projects. skilled in concept development, design specifications, autocad, adobe indesign cc, and adobe photoshop. strong program and project management professional with a bachelor of arts (b.a.) focused in interior design from american university in dubai.,
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the interior design  & planning industry. skilled in furnishings, autocad, finish, sketching, and drawing. strong arts and design professional with a interior design bachelor   s degree focused in interior design from international university for science and technology.
professional experience of 11+ years as piping designer & draughtsman for oil & gas, refinery and petrochemical plants.,wood
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in conceptual design, autocad, sales, shop drawings, and lighting. strong arts and design professional with a master's degree focused in interior architecture from holy spirit university of kaslik - usek.
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, illustration, adobe photoshop, adobe indesign cc, and microsoft office. strong arts and design professional with a interior design focused in interior design from lebanese international university.,
proficient in autocad, sketchup - design conceptualization and interior staging - space planning and material management - utilization of interior finishes - customized art and crafts,irony home
i have completed bachelor degree of architecture at zarqa university . i believe that qualifications, my experience and skills will represent me an my solid academic opportunity of work at any qualified firm. i possess key strengths for succeeding in this work position stemming from my extensive concern in progressing in this field. i am ambitious, initiative, dynamic, and eager to learn new things. i strive to continual excellence and can provide new contributions and concepts to this work field. problem-solving skills ensure that every my attention to detail and excellent project i work on is done accurately and to the highest possible standard. i am comfortable working as part of a team but also have the ability to take an authoritative role when the situation arises. i have decent technical and computer skills with advanced knowledge of autocad 2d/3d, excellent experience 3ds max -vray, autodesk revit, post production photoshop cs, drawing sketches- free hand .
specialties  design and drafting of plant and equipment layouts, piping general arrangement drawings, pfd   s, p&id   s, pipeline alignment sheet, piping isometrics, bill of materials, 3d modeling of equipment and piping in pdms, modify existing drawing by raster ,offshore pipeline drawing, material take off (mto),preparation of piping material specification, hvac flow diagram, hvac layout and d&id drawings.  march 2005     2006 oct.   worked as mechanical /piping draughtsman with technp engineering company (manufactures of machinery & chemical and heavy structures and pipelines).  nov 2006     2007 june   worked as mechanical draughtsman with inco international fzco. dubai u.a.e  july 2007     march 2010  worked as a senior mechanical/piping draughtsman with   jayathe petrotech. cochin  (company based in abudabi, u.a.e)  april 2010     may 2012  worked as a mechanical designer with snc-lavalin., qatalum project. qatar  june 2012     april 2014  worked as a pipeline designer with tebodin, pdo & orpic projects. oman  may 2014 - nov 2015  worked  as a pipeline designer with snc-lavalin inc. uae (oil and gas division )  dec 2015 -  present.  working  as a pipeline designer with prastigh engineers & consultant pvt ltd.
my name is leeka mohammed abd alghany ,i obtained my interior design and furniture degree from helwan university , i am a creative and artistically-minded girl. designing is one of my greatest passions .i am seeking for a job opportunity in the interior and furniture designing , i have gathered experience in various fields through the last two years and during summer vacations and gap semesters and i am looking forward to using all the skills i have earned on my new job title 
experienced fashion designer                        with a demonstrated history of working in the apparel and fashion industry. working as a freelance designer. strong arts and design professional skilled in trend analysis, photography, dressmaking, microsoft word, and advertising.,hinaashh,
award winning designer, artist and university lecturer in the area of interaction design and interactive art. core discipline is the creation of interactive concepts for installations together with concepts for screen based applications and the development of their interface design.  8 years of design experience with main focus on ux and ui, creating interactive art since six years. exhibited among others at the aurora festival in dallas (usa), at the ars electronica in linz (at) and the 3d printshow in london (uk).,
design of innovation project frameworks based on the co-creation methodology  discover, design, deploy digital solutions - development of new formats, design tools and games to foster innovation programs in organizations   - facilitation of teams through the design process to ensure meaningful insights as well as breakthrough solutions - discovery and networking of opportunities for innovation projects - sensing of big picture and industrial tips (trends, imperatives, possibilities, solutions) as a roadmap for digitalization - design of discovery games to explore customer needs as a first dialog with a customer - concept development of digital solutions together with technical experts   research on design methodology and culture of innovation with the leading universities of the world  the stanford d.school, moscow state university, and the hpi-school of design thinking  completed innovation projects across the areas of design research, software design, creative facilitation, digital transformation  earned a master's degree in software engineering from the hasso-plattner-institute (germany)  executive program chief digital transformation officer at skolkovo,
experienced freelance graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the arts and crafts industry. skilled in graphics, graphic design, sketching, and fashion design. strong arts and design professional with a diploma focused in graphic design from campus g.,
extremely  creative  and  well  developed  fashion  design  professional  with  extensive  experience  in orchestrating  all  aspects  of  women   s  clothing  design  operations  while  demonstrating  attuned attention  to  detail  and  inventive  qualities.  astute  knowledge  of  children   s  clothing  lines  as  well. actively  pursuing  a  fashion  design  position  in  an  operational  environment  that  will  effectively utilize acquired artistic skills and abilities while demonstrating over 5 years of experience in the uk, europe, middle east, usa and indian market.
i believe that empathy, human-centered design, and co-creation can transform businesses, digital products, and services. i like to create the best possible user experience with lean and agile methods. i foster reinvention and change.
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning and interior design industry. skilled in autocad, computer-aided design (cad), indesign, photoshop, event management and design, revit, 3ds max and sustainable design. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of science degree focused in interior design.,
vahid angaji (arman)was born in tehran, and lived in tabriz.he educated from mathematician of physics and has been involved in graphic design since 2011. he founded the arman studio of tabriz in 2014 and entered the advertising and graphic art business. 
experienced senior interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the investment management industry. provide creative vision, development of brand definition, and experience principles. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of fine arts (b.f.a.) focused in interior design from american university in dubai.
passionate about improving people's lives through creative strategies and visualizations that add value to society,oliver agency,digital designer
i'm the proud founder of durelle design interiors. we started our venture on a personal level long before this by refurbishing our own property allowing us to sell at a profit. this is where our love for interior design began.    we spotted an opportunity in the real estate market to provide landlords advice on maximizing rental potential by suggesting furnishing ideas ensuring their properties stood out from the rest.     since then we have finally established our place in the interior design market.  we provide all services from interior design to custom made bespoke furniture in and around dubai. we offer a design service for people who don   t have the time or experience to take on this task themselves. you can choose from one of our popular designs ranges or a bespoke service that can be designed around you.,mdv_modedevie, durelle design,interior designer
architect | facade designer,aesg,facade designer,i'm a product and ux designer who has helped startups and established companies like      samsung     deutsche telekom     hubspot     and red bull   define and improve their digital products.  recently, i doubled the in-app purchases of a global 500 company by understanding user behavior and reducing the cognitive load of their app.   through implementing a new design system and improving existing ux patterns, i got another app featured, resulting in 10m+ downloads and achieving a 4.7+ average user rating.   i also conceived and created augmented reality experiences, which increased the net promoter score and brand awareness.   thanks to my strong background in marketing, user testing, and behavior analysis, i can convey products' real unique selling proposition (usp) and value for their users.   i can also help the transition to monetizing through subscription.   i'm fascinated by what influences our feelings, creativity, and decisions.   i love the typical agile product design and design thinking methodology when leading teams of designers.  with my strong product strategy background, i can design for growth, retention, and conversion.    i enjoy collaborating with teams from different industries on innovative products and technologies, traveling around the world, and helping their projects succeed.,adam_fard_,
my name is jessica, i am brazilian and graduated in product design at the university la salle in brazil. i also studied a year at the university of bologna, in the course cultures and techniques of fashion. my professional experiences relate to the role of fashion designer in different companies where i could build a solid knowledge of product development.  i am actively looking for new professional opportunities that will allow me to explore my creativity
digital design is like painting, except the paint never dries.,throughout my long career as a graphic designer, i have been able to create multiple advertising materials including posters, leaflets, press advertisements, outdoor and lamppost advertisements, gondolas, shelf talkers, danglers, tent cards and many more.  i have been also able to adapt different layouts and was responsible of their arabization (from english to arabic and vice versa).  furthermore, i have a large experience in creating arabic scripts from english logos, and also in designing, drawing and supervising all kinds of packaging process.  i have worked before on resizing layouts to a variety of sizes and finalizing layouts to the production stage too.,
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, photography, graphics, microsoft word, and adobe creative suite. strong arts and design professional with a master of arts (ma) focused in interior design from naba _ nuova accademia di belle arti milano.
product designer with a special place in heart for understanding human behaviours.,a product designer skilled in both ui & ux, idea generation, information architecture, wire-framing/prototyping, strategy, and user research.  open to freelance opportunities for both remotely and within the uae. i have previously freelanced with a wide range of industries & have experience in creating user journeys and products for many different areas and i worked with clients across the world.
i am a berlin-based senior ui/ux designer with 7-year of experience working with digital products. experienced in user-centred thinking & interaction design, heuristics of usability, research for mvp & usp, competitor analysis, usability analysis & user personas, information architecture, ux writing, semantics & search engine optimisation, prototyping, wireframing, user flows & a/b testing, ui design & design systems, branding & art direction.  i design apps, web apps, software. i experiment and learn about emerging technologies such as vr, ar, ai. i tend to combine design
a professional interior designer with an excellent track record in hospitality design, coordination and development operations for major construction projects, having a an excellent commercial approach to solving problems and a proven ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces, including structural alterations.  an ambitious, creative and dedicated design professional eager to gain experience in a creative environment.
creative, graphic & social media spacialist, excellent understanding of how search engine optimization works, social media marketing, expending social media channels, twitter, facebook, youtube, instagram & linkedin etc. imaginative, proficiency on mac & pc design packages, management of creative work, drawing ability, motivating team, pitching creative ideas and concept, coordinates with clients and line manager, interpreting design brief, project and job estimation,       designing experience in conferences
i am a 3d artist focusing on interior and exterior designing and animation.,mcts,designer,account manager at boutiqaat with bsba in finance and msc in logistics and supply chain management graduate with academic honors.,r designs official,fashion designer
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in auto cad , 3d studio max, in design , illustrator , corel draw, and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional with a certificate focused in assistant in civil engineering from damascus university.,
provide guidance and assist sellers and buyers in marketing and purchasing property for the right price under the best terms determine clients    needs and financials abilities to propose solutions that suit them intermediate negotiation processes, consult clients on market conditions, prices, mortgages, legal requirements and related matters, ensuring a fair and honest dealing perform comparative market analysis to estimate properties    value display and market real property to possible buyers prepare necessary paperwork (contracts, leases, deeds, closing statements etc) manage property auctions or exchanges maintain and update listings of available properties cooperate with appraisers, escrow companies, lenders and home inspectors develop networks and cooperate with attorneys, mortgage lenders and contractors promote sales through advertisements, open houses and listing services remain knowledgeable about real estate markets and best practices
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in vector illustration, graphics direction, storyboarding, typography, and user interface design. strong design professional with a diploma focused in computer graphics, animation from arena multimedia.,
design mother hen at plana.earth, using creativity as a tool for change. focusing on branding, print & digital content. measure, reduce & offset your business carbon footprint whilst creating an employee culture of sustainability.,scarlettotoole
my name is ahamed shuckry. self confident is my pride. can do attitude is my strength. i can make a company unknown to well known. my colleague call me company booster as my nick name. i am always craving for new opportunity.
i am a graphic designer with more than 4 years experience with advertising agencies. an innate sense of imaginative, i believe, is a god-given ability which few possess  i consider myself fortunate enough to be among such gifted individuals. a natural passion for art an admiration for all hues of the spectrum and an intricate understanding of aesthetics are gifts that i along with my family was born with.   the uniqueness of my caliber and aptitude which enables me to comprehend the necessities of brand growth and development can be accredited to the experiences i have acquired in the domains of    infographic design  website design  press advertisement  executional skills / outdoor branding  logo creation  brochure creation  brand activation idea development  corporate identity   along with the aforementioned abilities and experiences, i have always found it easy to learn new ideas, accept new challenges and progress with the optimism of success at heart. i prefer a fast-paced professional environment, meeting deadlines and taking charge of difficult situations have always come as easy endeavors to me.   for details regarding references and work i have done in the past, feel free to contact me at your convenience as i will look forward to your response.   best regards,  junaid javed  1. software skills      adobe photoshop     adobe illustrator     adobe indesign     coral draw  2. designing skills     social media posts.     digital banner     logo design     business card     letterhead     marketing materials     brochure design  3. i specialized in areas of creative design, image editing, jewellery editing, retouching &  product editing, retouching.
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in trend analysis, retail, fashion illustration, textiles, and apparel. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor in textile design focused in apparel and textile manufacture from national institute of fashion technology.
i am the person who looks to the future and try to make a big change in my country. my objective is to add value to what ever work i enjoy doing,mashreq bank,assistant relationship manager
duties and responsibilities   responsible for over-all administration and maintenance of cadworx specifications for all projects.  responsible for assessing and updating software of all systems requiring cadworx that assists design team through design and layout activities on projects.  using cadworx and autocad in all aspects of the design and layout of skid packages. this has include equipment layout, piping layout, general arrangement drawings, piping isometrics, and structural detail drawings. evaluate the scope of work using p&id's and specifications to design piping systems with plant design standards.  piping specific activities and deliverables   study (plant or piping layout). piping key plan. piping     general arrangement (above ground). piping isometrics. steam tracing isometrics. stress sketches. pipe support details. line shoots. piping special items. piping material take off. bulk material take off. purchase specifications. construction packs. vessel nozzle orientation. vessel pipe support clip locations.  having good knowledge of industry standard drafting practices, mechanical aptitude and general knowledge of engineering.  works generally performed in an office environment, short term field assignments and work schedules include overtime hours.
extensive international work experience, with adaptive understanding of diverse cultural and business practices. to secure a successful product, i have the high-level scope of the pipelined process and the cross-market know-how to retain the users.
i take great pride in the designs and concepts. i create and i always strive to deliver an effective, focused and on-target product that fits my clients needs and goals. i strongly believe in giving memorable, systematic and professional customer service, allowing my clients to trust me and my work, so they are able to utilize my services in the future. i am enthusiastic, reliable, and a hard working designer who loves to work in a collaborative team environment as well as individually. i work well with clients and colleagues, and consider myself a strong communicator, presenter and listener. my career goals are to continue to learn and grow as a designer while exploiting my creativity, knowledge, education and people skills to benefit my employer.,
+5 years experience in automotive  - strong skills in c programming, autosar , iso26262 , misra c and automotive spice . - b.sc electrical engineering,
with 15+ years experience as a creative designer, i   ve provided impactful art visual touch points. with a strong focus in the digital background, i   ve had the chance to shape new ideas, trends, concepts and innovations.  i am well experienced in adobe creative cloud (photoshop cc, illustrator cc, indesign cc, xd cc, after effect cc, muse cc, adobe acrobat, adobe bridge cc) and have extensive knowledge of pre-press techniques as well as preparing artwork for digital media.  creative designs for luxury magazines like the rake (luxury fashion magazine), rake time (luxury fashion magazine), luxhabitat (luxury property magazine), la femme (luxury fashion magazine), revolution (luxury watch magazine), revolution supplement and the journal (newspaper), edgar (luxury lifestyle magazine), yachts middle east
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, adobe photoshop, microsoft powerpoint, space planning, and color schemes. strong arts and design professional graduated from ajman university of science and technology
a professional 3d artist, specialized in making interior and exterior designs, exhibition stands good hands on 3ds max,vray,autocad,photoshop, its been one and half year since i am working on these softwares. a big  plans come up with a small ideas.
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the furniture industry. skilled in autocad, microsoft word, computer-aided design (cad), irender, and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in interior design from heriot-watt university.
with 20 years of experience and a broad background, i see the bigger picture and align all the details accordingly to develop design solutions that support and delight people's lives and meet business goals. wrapping my synapses around really complex problems and solving human problems leveraging technology is where i thrive.  meaningful conversations and the desire and ability to enable true collaboration is at the heart of my approach to product design. passionate about enabling teams to improve their way of working, i promote a design process that is driven by user research, naturally aligned through collaborative design and validated by rapid and iterative learning.   i'm organising meetup.com/ux-design-rheinmain,manueldahm
i am a photographer, videographer, video editor,  designer & script writer, social media  artist.  i'm skilled at creating images that capture attention and make an impact on social media such as  facebook, instagram, youtube and pinterest. i am also skilled at estimating costs and developing a cost-effective budget for clients.  my confident approach and upbeat attitude reflect positively in all areas of my work.  * i have my own camera & lenses  
user experience designer/developer specialties  ux design, html, javascript, css , usability, mobile design,  specialties  3d artist (3d studio max), photoshop, illustrator, indesign, autocad,tasked with strategic and creative ideas to all advertising in all stages. handles the flow of art productions manually or computerized environment.,w dubai - the palm
i am a digital product designer who likes to create meaningful user experiences. i strive for simplicity, utility and consistency in my design, by following an iterative process   1. distilling user research into product requirements that are coherent with the business goals 2. creating wireframes and information architecture to conceptualize the product 3. a systems-based approach for ui design to keep a consistent visual vocabulary in the product 4. rapid prototyping to conduct usability (or a/b) testing to iterate and evolve the product further. 
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in 3d visualization, graphics, logo design, typography, and adobe creative suite. strong arts and design professional graduated from info prism
graphic designer of over 12 years of experience, moving and inspirational visuals are at the heart of my expertise. with a solid understanding of atl,btl, digital media and conceptual thinking, my passion for memorable and effective communications is what inspires me. in my personal experience, when it comes to making ads, it's only a problem if there's a solution - and in my personal belief, through good graphic design, there is always a solution to anything. finalizing artwork for jumeirah group, jumairah hotels and resorts, madinat jumairah, jumairah emirates towers, jumairah beach towers, jumairah living, jumairah zabeel saray, the meydan hotel,
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, budgeting, computer-aided design (cad), graphic design, and lighting. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in interior design and decoration from applied arts - art and design academy.
passionate architectural engineer, willing to do my best effort to enhance my career and place i work for. i am in love with design and 3ds program, it makes me do things that i will never think i can do it. interested in digital fabrication and using computer in architecture  i believe that    good things need passion, time and attendance
value creator. impact driven human-centred designer. connecting user needs and business outcomes. 3 years    experience of graphic and web design using adobe illustrator ,photoshop ,indesign and wordpress. 9-month training at microsoft company as app developer with certifications from the company. proven communication and presentation skills for both arabic and english.
i help people to untangle the complexity of digital transformation.  with engaging discovery and design methods, i help teams to find the    true north    for their digitalisation programs & projects. in times of change, i help to turn people across disciplines and hierarchies into powerful teams and support them in finding the right direction.  i see my role as the    sherpa    within client teams.  a sherpa cannot climb to the top for people. a sherpa will lift the heavy weight, plan the journey and guide the team from basecamp to basecamp. a sherpa will share experience and expertise to make people better climbers along the 
i strive to become part of your team, to create or enhance your corporate image, with maximum impact on any media platform.  i guarantee informative, striking and functional tools to promote business. infinite media works hard to combine marketing talent, exceptional design and technology with outstanding customer service to build long-term partnerships.  i   m a person who just about making something look good though     usability is at the core of the work i produce.and each design project i undertake follows the same steps to ensure success. design isn   t just a job, it   s something i love to do.
a web, ui/ux and identity designer with over 10 years of work experience. he specializes on digital ui/ux and branding solutions.
i am a concept designer and 3d production artist, i enjoy scifi design with a passion for far future technology to the design of real world objects.    working in games as an environment artist/designer, as well as a generalist for microsoft has given me a wide variety of experience in many aspects of the production process.
ambition,aleamar engineering consultants,architect and interior designer,4th dimensions deocn co. was found by a group of professionals who understand the need for individuality and specialization of each aspect of our living, working, and recreation environments.  4th dd is seeking to develop an efficient and economically sound business, while building up a reputation for quality, and on time completion of turn key contracts.  the philosophy of 4th dd is geared toward providing the client with a flexible tailor-made service suitable for each and every individual project.  the company believes that positive attitude and good coordination between the different departments and safe working environment are essential elements in meeting the needs and expectations of our client on time and every time.  4th dd clearly recognize that expertise, creativity, cost control, and the regular monitoring of quality systems and procedures is the way to achieve complete client satisfaction.
web & graphics designer with 6+ years of experience in computer and information technology industry. looking for a challenging position with career enhancement opportunities in a reputable organization where my experience and hardworking attitude for application development will come in use and have an experience of designing solutions using different technologies.
enterprise software is in a transition period in the moment, reaching deeper into our daily lives than ever. i am working at sap to develop ways how people can benefit from the vast functionality too our systems to improve their professional as well as private lives.   i am working on strategic topics like the application of artificial intelligence to our business software where i want to make sure that we use this technology to make people stronger, more capable and provide them with the super powers they will need to solve the complex problems in the future.  the development of new business applications and design concepts to continuously improve and enhance the experience of people working day-in-day-out with our systems is my passion. i love exploring user needs and processes and see where they can be improved and best supported with the right design solution.   i have been investing a good part of my professional career at sap with scaling design into our company establishing a design process (design-led-development), running design reviews, publishing design guidelines (fiori design guidelines), running trainings and doing education sessions.   specialties  interaction design, design strategy, design process, design concepts, user interface design, design guidelines, innovation management, psychology in design.,
exterior designer ,experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the interior architecture & planning, specializing in hospitality design with knowledge and projects in residential and f&b design. skilled in autocad, adobe photoshop, microsoft office & revit. sara is a strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of fine arts (b.f.a.) focused in interior design from american university in dubai.
my goal in the design realm is to make users want to think, question, challenge, and enjoy. i like asking why, starting over, and poking holes in arguments. my role models are moniker design studio, george carlin, and hussein chalayan. i prefer my coffee with honey and my tea with milk. i don't believe in left brains or right brains just left brain and right brain ways of teaching.,rachelrosenson,
i am a multidisciplinary experienced designer with 5+ years of experience in user research, interaction design, design strategy & execution. i have worked across several domains such as business-to-business (b2b), healthcare, finance, emerging markets, hospitality & retail. also, i have experience working with physical products, wearables, mobiles & web interfaces & enterprise products.  in addition, to have worked on a complete end-to-end design cycle, i have also led the design phase of the projects.
decoart, a brand that breathes in style and reincarnates beauty with its unmatched legacy of over three decades, is a well-known luxury interior design house operating in dubai.  since its inception, decoart has ensured that they maintained an unquestionably solid position in the industry and continues to bloom by presenting the most elegant, sophisticated, intricate, unique and innovative custom furniture designs. standing strong on its pillars that go beyond impeccable interior planning to world-class collaborative decorating ideas, decoart has helped the brand propel to the realm of noticeable excellence.  its sophisticated mix of ideas brings forth an extreme dose of creativity to build a unique environment which creates an impactful and magnificent output. it strongly advocates the maintaining a fine balance between traditional aesthetic and modern interior design that intelligently aligns with the customer   s values and culture. their mastery of aesthetics can further be seen dovetailing with their long list of high-calibre clientele worldwide.  it is due to this efficiency, timeless designs, compelling concepts, and adept execution, the design house, holds unparalleled success today and is attributed of creating liveable household luxury masterpieces amongst all the posh lanes of dubai.  indeed, a seamless epitome of luxury living without sacrificing comfort and quality including balance and functionality.,
creative and multitalented graphic designer with extensive experience in promotional design, marketing, and print design. dynamic team player with well-developed written and verbal communication abilities. passionate and inventive creator of innovative marketing strategies and campaigns.,
experienced architect with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. skilled in autocad, revit, adobe photoshop, autocad architecture, and indesign. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture (b.arch.) focused in architecture and interior design from measi academy of architecture.,
i am a qualified interior designer with extensive experience working on commercial & residential interior across a number of disciplines. i take an innovative and versatile approach to design, providing highly creative solutions to a wide variety of projects. i have spent over 16 years working in the design & build industry, from which i have gained a high level of experience in the following    - developing the design of projects from initial design to completion of design and construction drawing as per project specifications and client requirement. - coordinating between different sectors   architectural, mep and structural drawings. - following up the work progress with contractor to ensure all construction activities are inline with the drawings. - utilizing photoshop and powerpoint presentation for preliminary design. - following the material approval status to assure the completion of the appropiate design. - keeping track of all the submittals and approvals.,
holding 2 years experience as interior/component/colour and trim  designer with a demonstrated history of working in the automotive industry .worked closely with iconiq motors resulted in the full interior design of muse showcar which unveiled at shanghai auto show 2019, and various interior components of  iconiq seven mpv showcar. skilled in photoshop rendering, product design, model making, and computer-aided design (cad). strong arts and design professional with a post-graduate diploma focused on transportation design from mit institute of design pune.
hey! i'm kat, a graphic designer from the philippines, currently based in dubai,uae. i've been in the creative industry for 10 years with more than 6+ years working experience.   experience in the field i think is my strongest point. everything that i know are from my resourcefulness and lessons that i've learned from my mentors. this knowledge was developed through practice and has evolved through time and experience. i have transitioned from traditional to digital, and digital to multimedia arts. i have dealt in projects individually and in groups, from small to big teams.  everyday is a new challenge and i am always open to learn new skills to improve my craft.,
i believe in a shared creative vision, wherein one can explore new ways of communication through forward-thinking. driven by curiosity, observation, experimentation, testing, failing and finally, learning - i believe in the pursuit of excellence and improvement.
i'm a designer working at kids creative agency in berlin. when i'm not being paid i design fiction that explores how we as a society engage with technology and social issues.      when i   m not doing that, i'm consuming audio stories, fixating on weird internet trends and producing questionably music.h
major achievements   - realization of competitive formula1 engine concept & design from clean sheet at toyota.   - good collaboration work with ferrari g.e.s at sauber engine department.   - ford works escort wrc engine components design at mountune.  - successful track test with team lotus at isuzu with very small budget and resources.   - first formula 1 engine components design back in 1987 at yamaha.  - wealthy and profound experience on racing engine design and development.
as a product designer at n26, i help the organisation to create mobile and web apps that empower users to live and bank their way.   from discovery to delivery, i make rational decisions based on quantitative and qualitative data and ensure that the company achieves business objectives with a holistic user journey in mind.    with empathy and an open communication style, i lead effective collaboration with pms, designers, and developers and manage critical discussions in a calm manner. this is reflected in the way how i seek and give feedback which enables me to grow above and beyond others' expectations.
swedish guy who spend the last years in germany as an interior designer.,my name is d  bora poussif. i'm originally from argentina, with italian dual nationality. i have lived in spain, czech republic and germany.  my native language is spanish, as second language english and in the process of learning german.   specialties  color & trim, material research, automotive interior design, trend research, moodboards, graphic design, colour and material concepts, material development for production.
interior designer skilled in autocad, visualization and adobe photoshop. focused in residential and office spaces interior and furniture design.
i am a ui-ux designer & full stack developer that thrives on delivering creative solutions based on a solid process and efficient conceptual thinking. i can handle all aspects of web projects from the planning phase through to design, development, and launch.  design specialties   user interface design, user experience design, web design, mobile application design, responsive design, prototyping, wireframing, information architecture, personas, card sorting, design strategy, atomic design, design systems.  dev specialties   front-end development, mvc design pattern, single page applications, databases, responsive design
#technology freak. internet nut. interested in the psyche. seeks   clat. wants to make difference.,self employed,user interface designer
i am a software engineer turned ux & ui designer with three years of experience in the industry. during these years, i have worked on several digital products, mobile and web, and communicated directly with clients from the us, uae and europe.,
i'm a freelance ux specialist focused on inclusivity, design ethics, and product .i am a long-term resident of dubai, holding a ba in interior design and fluent in 3 languages. for the past 2 years i have been working as an interior designer with design design l.l.c, a prominent interior architecture company based in dubai. through my tenure with the company i have worked on a variety of projects for some of the most notable regional organizations such as emirates nbd, ggico and abu dhabi sports tv.  prior to that, i garnered sales and marketing experience through my work with red bull, one of the world   s most forward-thinking brands. as a wings team member, i was responsible for promoting red bull at numerous extreme sports events across the uae, including red bull x-fighters, red bull car park drift and red bull king of rock.
experienced in planning, designing and coordinating the creation or renovation of spaces such as residential, commercial, cultural and industrial buildings/houses.  producing an interior that is personalised to the client   s taste and serves a functional and aestheric purpose. moreover, considering elements such as safety, traffic flow, comfort and style in the designs.  develop detailed plans and 3d models showing arrangement of walls, dividers, displays, lighting and other fixtures using computer-assisted design softwares, graphics software and hand drawing.  develop plans, elevations, cross sections and detailed drawings, and advise on selection of colours, finishes and materials, floor and wall coverings, window treatments, interior and exterior lighting, furniture and other items
emanuela helps companies empathise with their users when building (better) products based on efficient and practical design practices. emanuela fell in love with the web at a young age, and since then she has never stopped learning and pushing to understand and create better experiences for all. today she is a ux designer with mozilla, currently building a design system for firefox. in her spare time, she likes to watch kitten videos, and she never says no to a good cocktail.,brassy,
a dubai based interior designer, decorator and visual merchandising specialist with a bachelor degree of design & applied arts specialized in interior design with over than 12 years of experience in the industry. have the ability to transform spaces by bringing ideas and inspirations to life, developed a keen eye for creating awe-inspiring surroundings also adept in finding creative ways to help budget conscious clients design their dream spaces.   my mission is combining knowledge with aesthetic vision in order to work with clients and other design professionals to develop design solutions that are safe, functional, and attractive that meets the needs of the people using the space. understand artistic and technical requirements of a project, interpersonal communication and management strategies. bringing art, textures, lighting, furnishings and fixtures together in a way that make a home, office, business or public space more pleasing or functional with a fresh perspective that uniquely reflect the client   s personality and desirer. the result enables each individual   s style to emerge into a design that will inspire and promote his or her well being.   experienced in space planning both residential and commercial, design concept, manual sketches and computer aided drawings, choosing materials and a color scheme that bests suites the concept and preparing design reports, able to translate any style to satisfy the desires of an assortment of different clients.,
a graduate from symbiosis institute of design, determined to become a promising professional in the domain of graphic design. with well imbibed technical knowledge and skills coupled with prowess in both written and spoken communication. extremely passionate about creating innovative concepts and producing top notch visionary work. a team player with the ability to build and nurture effective working relationships.,apparel group
a confident, passionate and creative interior designer, who craves a challenge and who is not afraid to work outside the comfort zone. superb communication skills and i can build up rapport easily, open up clients, find out exactly what they need, and then present them with a wide range of services and solutions. i have ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces, including structural alterations.
i work for a legal firm by day and design logos by night. i am a product designer with a natural interest in psychology, who is fascinated by user interactions and how this influences the success of a digital product or service. from strategy, to user research, all the way to final designs and product launch, i love to be immersed in the ins and outs of creating thoughtful, human-centered design experiences.  i am always up for a chat over lunch or coffee so drop me a line       
web designer from croatia, but currently living in germany. i have experience in making web sites, logos, and other. i want to change my profession into ux designer. ux ist everything that i have ever looking for. currently finnished ux nanodegree course at udacity!
i am passionate about communicating people with latest technologies through good user experience. i enjoy turning complex problems into simple, beautiful and intuitive interface designs.   i have been involved in various projects in ui/ux designing for web and mobile applications for the past four years. i have designed a wide range of forward-thinking user interface programs, which have all improved user experience and this has aided my proficient knowledge in the process and responsibilities.
vicky has been driven by her devotion in design, be it architectural, graphic or web. this is what drives her to fulfill her goals and tackle obstacles on the path to be a successful designer. as a youngster, she has managed to educate herself on adobe photoshop, architectural scales and html coding without supervision and is extremely attentive to detail. she believes that it is when passion, creativity, determination and hard work shows in one   s design then only can they be referred to as a success.  attaining a btec/pearson assured diploma in interior design, she has accumulated the proper knowledge to enter the world of architectural design and contracting. being able to experience a firsthand approach on the process pushes her to work harder as an ff&e junior designer at greenline interiors, a well-known and well-established interior design fit-out company with a strong reputation in the field. presently, she has gained experience in the field of interior design  grasping the art of ff&e specifications, has solely handled projects with the senior architect and designer   s minimal supervision and more.  the process is what motivates her, eagerly tackling new challenges that come across her in and out of the workplace. she derives her energy and attitude from her passion and is able to learn and produce outputs efficiently and effectively. aside from her main responsibilities, she accepts tasks not within her scope to be able to educate herself in all methods of the field  pre-design, post-design, manufacturing etc.  eager and motivated to learn are some of the traits that can be said about vicky. she is diligent, inventive and will continue to pursue her goals to establish a concrete career as a designer in the industry of architecture and interior design.  vicky is open to freelancing opportunities with relation to interior design & graphic design as well as volunteering opportunities in the field of events management.,vckyabbygle
i am a young interior designer from south africa who loves all things beautiful and unique. i am passionate about what i do and love getting involved in the details of any project. taking a complex problem and finding a solution through functional yet aesthetically pleasing design concepts is something i really enjoy. my love for anything artistic came from birth and i just can   t get enough of designing extraordinary spaces that become reality.,bluehaus group & bluehaus engineering
experienced fashion designer with a demonstrated history of working in the apparel and fashion industry. skilled in trend analysis, microsoft excel, microsoft word, fashion illustration, and business development. strong arts and design professional graduated from sndt mumbai
graduated from architecture with distinction at the lebanese american university.   i have a passion for design and this is where i see the mix of content creation, videography, photography and architecture playing a role.   i am currently a digital designer working on a variety of projects and brands in the beauty and lifestyle, fmcg, healthcare and service industries.   colleagues and classmates know me as a highly creative and positive person. also, i am excellent at time management  this is where my organizational and consistency skills come in handy. i can adapt to any situation i am in. i love leaving an impact wherever i go, for that reason i am a volunteer for many of my work positions. i am truly passionate about my work and my field of study, and always eager to start new projects. i can work well alone, but i   m at my best collaborating with others.
hello, i am an argentinian graphic designer and illustrator with a deep artistic background.  i have a big passion to work with everything related to the visual world and to keep in track of the latest trends. my goal as a designer is to create an elegant and personalized visual narrative that expresses with accuracy and good aesthetic sense the concept of each project. i am eager to be challenged with new visual campaigns in order to grow and further improve my skills as a visual communicator.
i   m passionate about music, i really like to learn new things and challenges. i specialize in the area of user experience, with a focus on user centered design. i consider this fundamental and transversal in any type of work. i like to participate in the different stages of a project, from its conceptualization to development.,akod0
experienced menswear designer with a demonstrated history of working in the apparel and fashion industry. skilled in trend analysis, graphics, retail, and fashion illustration. strong arts and design professional with a b.design focused in apparel and textiles from national institute of fashion technology.
i am a ui/ux designer with a masters degree in visual communication. i have spent my professional career in the design industry. my past work has focused on customer interactions and design solutions.  i like to work closely with my team members, to ensure seamless web/mobile design experiences and the successful implementation of ui/ux best practices and principles across all  platforms.  skills - visual design - user experience design - user interface design - user interaction design - product design - animation - information architecture - prototyping and wireframing - innovation and processes via design thinking  - storytelling - usability and user research - developing and managing design systems that adapt and scale  when i'm not designing, i like to spend my time outdoors where i find the most inspiration. creativity and innovation drive me in both my personal and professional life.
enior ui/ux designer . caring about usability and solving problems , i enjoy expressing my ideas into usable designs that leave great experience to users . always looking for challenges and opportunities .
highly skilled graphic designer with a passion for media, art & professional creative solutions. loves art (no surprise) & inspired about how people   s creativity makes for a better world.
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in logo design, typography, adobe illustrator, concept development, and graphic design. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in multimedia design from raffles design, mumbai.,
ui/ux designer working in space industry  portfolio in progress creativity is a wild mind & a disciplined eye.web content specialist turned into a ux/ui designer. i have worked six years in website management and content creation, which has given me a good understanding of websites and their components. i believe that content strategy plays an important role in the user experience. it is my mission to bring intuitive and delightful experiences into digital products by putting the user   s needs in the centre of my work.   i have experience working in a fast-paced creative environment, increasing visitor engagement by more than 20% yearly. this, combined with my interest in behavioural studies, and qualitative research background make me a passionate designer.
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture and construction field. skilled in 3ds max, autocad, lumion, sketchup, microsoft word, and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional graduated al salama perintalmanna,
currently living and working in dubai, uae as a senior interior designer on healthcare projects. 7+ years of experience in healthcare, hospitality, and residential interior design. the portfolio includes over 30+ interior designs. proficiency in autocad, revit & adobe creative suite and demonstrated excellent communication, listening and teaching skills.,
experienced architect with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. skilled in autocad, sketchup (vray), photoshop, lumion, mixed-use, revit, comprehensive planning, and sustainable design. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture (b.arch.) focused in architecture design from national college of arts.,rameez_k_burki
professional highly qualified draftsman with a comprehensive understanding of design process and fabrication technical supporting .experienced with all stage of aluminum products _ curtain walls & structural glazing systems including research development and processing .having the ability to produce detailed technical specification for clients requirements.    experience in , glazing works, canopies, skylights, doors, windows,  #designer, fabricator, prepare shop drawing.  seeking a challenging position as draftsman with an organization that recognize professional with proven ability and dedication.
i am a ux designer with a background in computer science and business, an hci graduate and always excited about transforming user insights into genuine experiences that make our everyday much easier and pleasant.
enthusiastic and passionate executive with a very international profile. i have 9 years of professional experience in united arab emirates . i learned to multitask under tough environments. i focus and deliver. i am very adaptable to new places, cultures and teams. as a testimony, most colleagues and clients would at the end become close friends. and dedicated yet approachable. i am reliable yet humble.   workspace   commercial residential , corporate , personal properties , government sectors.
i'm a ux designer with a background in journalism, focused on conversation design. i'm passionate about communication and love examining the intersection between language and design.
american university of sharjah graduate with a bachelors in interior design and minor in design management.,ellington properties development llc,interior designer
creative  graphic designer with over 12 years experience in developing engaging and innovative digital and print designs for clients in broad range of industries. highly adept at visual strategy, layout development, branding, and print and new media advertising. demonstrated success working in collaborative environments and providing leadership to design teams to conceptualize and execute effective marketing collateral. seeking help clients achieve business development and business growth goals through forward-thinking graphic.
i   m an architect designer who had achieved remarkable projects in so many fields, as i believe that creative solutions are most exposing and easy-selling designs .  technically i'm well structured architect who spent a lot in learning and testing different software's applications in order to achieve highest quality, accuracy and speed .  over 5 years my experience is consisting of       architectural design     interior design     landscape design     events & exhibition design     product design  i had experience in fields of       engineering consultants      showroom retail specialized in materials and fixtures .     real estate developments      event management company  as interior designer, i had been through several types of projects       residential      offices & workspaces     hospitality     commercial     religious     educational  technical skills      autocad     3ds max      v-ray     revit architecture     adobe photoshop     adobe illustrator     adobe indesign     adobe premiere      microsoft excel     procreate [ipad],
a graduate of the faculty of commerce, alexandria university and university of poitiers. i discovered my passion for graphic design in my first year of college and decided to pursue my dreams to become a professional graphic designer. worked as a freelancer, since then. i studied and self-learned about graphic design, photography & videography. during the years, i specialised in graphic design, photography & videography.   thriving for more knowledge & challenges, i started handling big accounts and throughout the years i became more fond of client servicing. i love managing teams and working closely with them, art directing their outcome to always achieve and actually exceed clients    expectations and goals.,
a multi-disciplinary designer with more than eight years of solid experience in art direction and creative designing for a local and multi-national advertising company in india and the gulf region.   my work milieu and coursework have finely tuned my graphic and post-production capabilities, print business using high-end equipments and up-to-date softwares designed for graphic solutions.  i am a dynamic and results-oriented individual who is determined to add value to the organisation i work for, through exceptional knowledge and learning ability.
i have been working in web industry for the last 16 year. i worked closely with many offshore clients to create beautifully pixel perfect user interface. currently i am working on oracle & sharepoint user interface projects and providing my services for uae government companies from injazat data systems as senior visual designer.  my work received many web related awards in different national level university competitions. in addition, i gave many guest speaker sessions in different universities like, muhammad ali jinnah university, iqra university & different arena multimedia branches.  a blend of passion, talent, and success, i remain a humble artist     not every photograph is going to change the world, but the most significant are those that show how we all are connected.    in front of my lens, carpenters become kings and emperors become commoners, striking a resonating chord of humanity with each shot.,alinawazdnnseo,
over 10 years experience in fashion entrepreneurship independently and more then 3 years in cultural documentation in museums  and spical projects
actively seeking an appropriate opportunity that utilizes my experience, personal skills and education in order to contribute to the company   s progress and be able to enhance my professional skills and grow my career.
experienced interior design lecturer with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. skilled in curriculum development, sustainable design, fine art, and teamwork. strong arts and design professional with a master of science - ms focused in sustainable design of the built invironment from british university in dubai.,
i am a well-rounded digital designer with over 10 years of experience within online startups, business transformation, advertising, events and entertainment in the middle east, europe, and south america.   by utilizing my wide range of design skills, with a focus on ux/ui design and product design, i am delivering engaging and attractive user experiences for apps.  i have delivered design projects for major players globally and locally such as  virgin, deutsche bank, coca cola, barclays, careem and cafu.,gardraw
i am a ui/ux designer specialist, having 12+years of experience in information technology. i specialised in multimedia and graduated in bfa (bachelor of fine arts) and done post graduation in mva (masters of visual arts),   i have worked in 3 countries ( india, qatar and singapore),   i have worked for famous stakeholders like pegasus (pearson education), dsta (defence science & technology agency) - singapore, and mybook qatar - qatar  i   ve extensive experience in designing, prototyping, wire-framing and animation,   i always bring many different methods to create something original and effective in the professional world., i am looking out for challenging assignments to enhance my technical and functional competencies.
i m waleed ahmed a  passionate and results-oriented creative designer with significant experience working on innovative campaigns for prominent brands. i have a strong knowledge for arts and i possess a solid agency background in designing, retouching and conceptualization. i welcome challenges and i   m always keen to explore creative opportunities and pursue big ideas to develop integrated campaigns
boris bandyopadhyay  is a visionary and holistic german-indian designer living in frankfurt and berlin. he has a professional background in interior and furniture design as well as in design research. his design focuses on the impact of digitalisation on working and living environments and the new role of objects. his contributions in the field of ecodesign have been honoured with several awards. boris works on interior design projects for private and commercial customers with a distinct reputation in office design and the development of inspirational spaces.
experienced 3d artist with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in zbrush, microsoft word, translation, 2d software, and revit. strong operations professional graduated from indus valley.
i am a service designer with equal measures of  ux, strategy and visual. evolving as a designer, i've learnt two things  crafting customer journeys through every touch-point and getting it out into the world through a well-designed brand strategy.   my favourite things include hiking, fiction, custom typography and colours.  specialities  problem-solving, creativity, technology comprehension, prototyping, personas & user stories, affinity diagramming, interaction design, information architecture,  brand strategy, marcom, copywriting, corporate blogging.  philosophy  design makes everything possible.,pal_prakash
experienced in branding & advertising. i make designs for brochures, flyers, logos, business cards,,5 jahre berufserfahrung in client service, digitalisierung, product performance. initiativer und loyaler teamplayer, mit scharfem auge f  rs detail. halte die kundenorientierung f  r den hauptpunkt in der entwicklung von digitalen projekten.   berzeugt, dass erfolg des produktes direkt vom exzellenten service mit modernem technischem hintergrund abh  ngig ist und hat ein riesiges kommerzielles potenzial der digitalen welt.
a user experience designer, feeling happy while overcoming an obstacle to provide you the user with a satisfying experience.
during the past decade, i gained experience creating visual work for brands like ford, ikea, abudhabi crown prince court, dussur, jeeves, visa and many more companies, agencies or studios. i make awesome ux better with beautiful ui packages through research, brand identity design, facilitation, creative direction and other things visual.  looking out for continuous challenges that can squeeze out the best in me, for the organization and its clients, i work for thereby pushing my limits to the fullest and eventually, to become content with what i'm trying to achieve.,
   architect   project coordinator   3d modeler   detailer,interprogetti,interior designer ,experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working. skilled in logo design, branding, identity, advertising, adobe creative suite, and adobe indesign cc. strong arts and design professional graduated from a. s. college, srinagar.
experienced creative designer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in print production, adobe photoshop, branding, adobe illustrator, and mac. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in graphic designer from bharathidasan university.
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the creative and advertising industry. strong arts and design professional skilled in adobe creative suite and social media.
experienced fashion professional with a bachelor of design focused in fashion design from national institute of fashion technology,new delhi,india. skilled in trend analysis, retail,market research & analysis, fashion design . 
4+ years of working experience with international companies and clients in the ux/ui design field.  delivered 100+ projects in both the b2b and b2c world that generate real-world business results. my experience is shipping best in class products that drive business results, and delight customer's experience.   specialties  user research wireframe mockup prototyping style guide user flows sketches website design mobile app design software design usability testing user experience design (ued) user-centered design user interface design agile methodologies  #uxresearch #uxui #productdesign  #ui #userexperiencedesign #uxdesigner #designer,asdimalix9,
i am a welsh eyewear designer currently based in hamburg, germany. with 5 years industry knowledge, my designs have been worn by thousands of people.   i love to collaborate and to work with new teams. sales & commercial design is something i find crucial to any collection. i am business minded and can help to increase sales through design- this of course varies on the target customer and level of commerciality.   i design optical frames and sunglasses, for men's, women's & children collections.    previous companies and clients i have worked with    linda farrow  qvc amanda wakeley  specsavers  boots opticians  fielmanns opticians  orla kiely    skills  - thorough knowledge of eyewear product design with a specialism in sunglasses & well bevelled, high quality products    - expert knowledge of the adobe creative suite (photoshop,illustrator,premiere pro, muse, indesign)   - proficient in google sketchup, 3d rhino cad software & 3d printing,
having around 12 years of gcc experience in cad designer. work in various projects airport, dubai metro,qatar rail,dubai race course meydan and etc..  projects implemented -      nad al sheba race course, dubai, uae     dwc (dubai world center), dubai, uae     dubai metro project (green line), dubai, uae     palm jumeirah marina apartments, dubai, uae     ndia (new doha international airport), doha qatar     qatar rail project (lrt), doha qatar.  technical skills - diploma in civil draftsmanship diploma in auto-cad  (2d, 3d, mep, revit & 3d max) 
project management, design management, consulting... creative, feasible ideas and solutions... long term experience in product, automotive, graphics, web and interior design... experience in foreign operations (uae, asia, australia)... confidence in english business discussions... experience in team building and leadership... profound experience in start-up, strategic planning and management of a company... world wide network of strategic partners - as freelancer / project-based or full time worldwide
i am a strong design professional with a bachelor of architectural engineering (b.arch.) from university of sharjah. and an experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry. skilled in illustrator, photoshop, aftereffect, indesign, autocad, ecotect, lumion, sketchup, flow design, mass motion oasys, microsoft office, computer-aided design (cad), and revit.,
an ambitious designer desirous of making a name through overflowing fresh and exclusive ideas in the departments of illustration, branding, and advertising.
as a child, i believed there lived tiny human beings in my tv set. this fascination lead to learning more about what actually happens behind the screen. now you'll always find me editing a video, illustrating a new character or learning a new field in the media industry.  when i'm not working, i'm either working my muscles at the gym, or training myself in football. otherwise, i'm in my own little world of music, movies and books.  i love meeting new people and learning new things. so, feel free to say hello!  capabilities   adobe - photoshop, illustrator, indesign, premiere pro, aftereffects microsoft - office, powerpoint, excel final cut pro and logic pro videography and photography public speaking and debates  organisation and direction,
are you looking for a modern website, web applications or mobile applications to build an international standard for your business   webstring have the experience and technical skill how to build every kind of websites suitable for your business and offshore it consulting . as far as webstring is concerned we provide expert service in website development, seo, e-commerce, mobile app development and other it service . webstring doing more outsourcing projects
20 brands  40 famous clients all over the world  created more than 10 000 layouts  completed over 30 projects that were implemented in a final product     and it   s just numbers  conceptualizing and executing graphic design conceptions  high proficiency in photo-shoot and photo-retouching  excellent knowledge of design software  huge knowledge about printing, design thinking and management, present trends in design  and my strongest skill is that i do 
i am a result oriented graphic designer with grand knowledge of the industry from conventional to the modern day rhythm. i create result oriented, attention retaining visual concepts using computer software. i bring to life ideas that inspire, inform or captivate and lure audience to action.   during my time as a full time and and a freelance graphic designer, i have been able to work with over a dozen of clients on the creation of their brand identity, social media content-making, and campaign pitches that has given me the opportunity to learn how to work under pressure maintain discipline and to communicate excellently with clients to receive the best outcomes for their projects.   few of my core competences are to      generate ideas to portray concepts and advertise products      assist with all digital marketing campaigns for lead generation, social media and display advertising      maintain and build social media presence across all digital channels      refine images, fonts and layouts using graphic design softwares like ps and ai     apply typography techniques.     increase user friendliness in digital products     maintain brand consistency throughout all our marketing projects     liaise with marketing and design teams to ensure deadlines are met     stay up-to-date with industry developments and tools requirements     use the appropriate colours and layouts for each graphics      test graphic across various media      ensure final graphics and design layouts are visually appealing and on brand     strong aesthetic skills with the ability to combine various colors, fonts and layouts     ability to meet deadlines and collaborate with a team     attention to visual details
specialties  come up with creative idea in various kind of projects like residential,commercial and hospitality  autodusk 3ds max,v-ray ,  autocad, adobe aftereffects,  adobe photoshop,  adobe premiere,  art,  video
a multi-talent architect and musician raised in uae and has finished his studies in egypt with 3 years experience in architecture site engineer and 3 years in office field also a professional in photoshop, sketchup, lumion , revit, cad, twinmotion, 3ds max , adobe premiere & filmora (montage softwares)   looking for the best opportunities around my field  ..  being successful is easy but the hard part is maintaining success ,ahmedhanyemam
senior web designer & digital production manager working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in web designer, web, advertising, video,  & online media.   with 17+ years of professional experience, strong creative ability, and the technical skills needed for timeliness and pro   ciency in all areas of digital and print graphic design, web design, and web development.  i'm a creative thinker and i specialize in working together with a team to conceptualize ideas and strategize how to apply design to marketing and branding initiatives.  i'm looking for the opportunity to do what i love for a positive team who has a solid plan for success and understands the value and impact of excellent design for their brand.,mubeenmulla555,
specialties   experience design, user research, information architecture,  interaction design, user flows, screen flows, usability testing,  visual design,aleena0512
hello everyone, i am amna, a very ambitious and hardworking person, i allow nothing to bring me down and always encourage myself to move foreword. i am seeking to promote myself to the better, earning new experience, knowledge and techniques. i have an interest in volunteering work, since i was a child i dreamed about helping people and now i want to link my academic life of architecture with my goal dream of helping people or volunteering as general.,butyamna,
an experienced, talented & result-producing user interface (ui) and user experience (ux) expert having more than 6 years of extensive experience working on different projects in modern technologies, for major local and global clients. highly professional, result oriented and motivated to achieve organization   s bottom line.   multifaceted and highly skilled ui/ux professional, working for extensive smart user experience design (uxd), user interface design (uid) & interaction design (ixd) by focusing on requirement discovery and solution design in both an agile and waterfall environment.  with a strong knowledge base in desk, web and mobile technologies within the parameters of usability and accessibility, i thrive on developing and implementing business strategies geared towards keeping your business ahead of emerging market trends.  having experience in interacting with test participants ensures that meaningful insights and positive feedback can be drawn, to enable your business to develop technologies that suit your users and expand your client base.,
understanding textile design with formidable blends of fabrication in wearable fashion industry. potent skills in the field of art and design. a trained muppeteer by sesame street. capable of conceptualizing ideas from and inspiration to wearable costumes. irfan zahid is a creative individual with experience in textile and fashion industry. he has a strong business sense having talents to correctly and congruously turn ideas into profitable trade.
i am here to seek an opportunity in reputed company as fa  ade designer.  i am having an experience of almost 10 yrs in the curtain wall glazing design field.,zebian industries,facade designer
earned a diploma in advanced 3d modeling with a concentration in graphic, web & animation            earned a diploma in advertising and graphic designing at australian computer institute.  highly skilled in creating design concepts and implementation plans targeted towards retention        and attracting new clients for start-up and existing businesses.  designing ideas for brands and promotional designs, familiar with print preparation  strong hands-on familiarity with 3d studio max, adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator.  good academic and training background.  photography knowledge    though knowledge of the operating functions and the settings of digital slr camera.      familiar with the techniques of lights arrangements and focusing on the subject.      knowledge of flash photography equipments.      strong sense of visualization, background decorations and color combinations.      efficient in the task of developing and editing photographs creatively.,
i am a professional urdu journalist and teacher. i have 25 years of experience of journalism in different newspapers on every post( reporter, staff reporter, news editor, editor and even incharge of editorial board). i love urdu and my mother language punjabi as well.  i have urdr teaching experience as well in the educators and beaconhouse as an o level teacher. i m sure i can be an excellent part of any urdu project. my all work experience is belong to my hometown gujrat (punjab). i shifted in islamabad in 2012 and now a days i m working as a freelance writer and teacher.
experienced 3d artist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in maya, adobe photoshop, 3d modeling, adobe illustrator, and 3d. strong arts and design professional with a dafm    18 months diploma in 3d animation & film making focused in softwares   photoshop, aftereffects,basic film making, adobe premier pro, autodesk 3d max, maya  from maac    maya academy of advanced cinematics, mulund west 
i am a creative interior designer with two years    experience, focusing on producing innovative designs from clients    briefs.            my dedication to delivering high-quality work ensures, i exceed my clients    expectations.  i am inspired by classic designs. i enjoy bringing these classical influences up to date with a modern twist. i create spectacular interior spaces playing with colours, materials and textures. i am a multi-disciplined designer specializing in interior design.  i quit my day to create a new space. i work for a wide range of environment with preparing different design concept of each space, including plans, section, elevation, perspective and electrical drawing.  preparing furniture plans, and detailed drawing.  i find inspiration in anything and everything around me. with every project i seek new concepts, new techniques and new material to be always up to date and modernized.   technical skills       auto cad (proficient knowledge and experience)     3d max (3d modeling, texture, animation)     v-ray  (material, light, rendering)     adobe photo shop (photo manipulation editing, layout)     adobe illustrator (illustration layout)     adobe after effect (editing)     adobe acrobat reader     adobe light room (photo editing)   interior design skills       design concept      sketching     space planning     mood board     color theory      presentation skills     3d modeling     rendering     textile design     walk-through,
have a good knowledge of front-end html /css, html5/css3 coding, less, responsive website design using (bootstrap 2.0 bootstrap 3.0, media queries), css frameworks (960 grid, foundation, bootstrap), user experience, user interface, web & mobile app design, psd to wordpress conversion, psd to html conversion.
experienced fashion designer with a demonstrated history of working in the fishery industry. skilled in customer service, social media, management, social media blogging, and social media communications. strong arts and design professional with a nvq focused in nvq business adminstration from merton college.
a competent and creative interior designer with more than 12 year experience in construction that specializes in hospitality, residential and commercial projects with strong interpersonal skills to fulfill specific requirements for both team and individual tasks. has the ability to build strong relationships with all clients and to turn proposals into reality. especially successful in designer role that demand rigor, a high level of drive and dedication and a focus on delivering design outcomes through the use of methodologies.
an architecture graduate from the american university of sharjah looking to secure a career with challenging projects preferably in  sustainable design in organizations that requires an  enthusiastic, ambitious, well-motivated, creative individual with an eye for detail who is willing to work hard, learn fast and use initiative. i   m highly interested in gaining experience, developing my  potentials in architectural design and giving the best in me in return. i   m keen on working with an  architectural organization that is highly recognized and respected among others in the same field.,
interior designer , successful at listening to the needs of the client and collaborating on a creative vision, also eager to learn a diverse knowledge base of design styles and techniques.  i enjoy being challenged and working on projects that require me to work outside my comfort and knowledge set, as continuing to learn new methods and techniques are important to me and the success of my career .,
multidisciplinary design specialist  interaction designer, graphic artist, photographer, usability expert, enthusiast, investigator and crafty all-around solutions finder. more than 12 years design practice in mobile, desktop and web interface design.
experienced architect with a demonstrated history of working in architecture and graphic design field. skilled in autocad, adobe creatively  suite, 3dsmax, v-ray, corel and others.
a motivated and passionate cad designer with a proven ability to develop drawings, details & rendering life like walk through as well as having a solid understanding in 3d, contributing to art design concepts in relation to interior, models, landscaping and enhancing the    look and feel    of walk through rendering processes. total 9 years    of experience and mass professional knowledge in construction technology is the key for the success till this point. responsible for drafting transfer the information, and coordination with other department cad members. seeking a suitable position in a growth oriented organization that could provide a challenging opportunity for career development and a better future. to secure an entry level executive position in a leading business organization and enhance my knowledge and skill to further learn and understand the intricacies of the business, and have a challenging career in the field of computer aided designing / drafting. my ultimate career goals are to be in a highest position in the construction hierarchy. after obtaining the relevant professional qualification and all round experience, and to become a lead architect,
experience in creative design for usable user interface design, visualization and designing of websites which is visually appealing /usable, designing web based applications by applying theories of usability and principles of design and graphic design. has graduate degree in bachelor of science in visual communication and experience in visual design for web sites, application design, mobile platforms, print media and creative illustrations. she also has experience in ui design, web2.0 and in web site and graphics development tools such as adobe photoshop cs6, adobe flash cs5, adobe dreamweaver cs4 and autodesk 3d studio max, autodesk maya.
accomplished in vast spectre of design field with over two decades of experience. knowledgeable in online medium from market and user research, organisation of information architecture, conceptual design, definition of user experience, user interface design, through management of professional staff to delivery.  motivated and driven by project metrics and happy clients that proudly enjoy global presence of their brands.,sroown
design career in fashion, with a b.f.a. in fashion design.  while working for the may merchandising company, now macy's, anne was involved in many aspects of private label apparel design before transitioning to home store/textile product development.  she has completed various interior design projects, ranging from residential renovations, to new medical office build outs to commercial office remodels.    anne formalized her training and experience in interiors with an m.s. degree in interior architecture + design from drexel university in philadelphia.
a passionate and committed licensed interior designer with good project management and space planning seeking for a continuous learning workflow in a well-managed and creative environment to improve knowledge and gain solid experience for personal and professional growth.  - has idea in plantscaping design and floral arrangements. - computer literate in microsoft office  word, powerpoint, excel - has strong verbal and personal communication skills.  - self-motivated, competent and hardworking. - able to perform tasks orderly and responsibly with accuracy and attention to details. - person with good moral character. - passionate interior designer and a committed employee. - good team leader, handles project with quality control. - professionally reliable, determined and efficient. - creative and well organized in design approach/ strategies. - can adapt well at any environment and situation.
full cycle ux/ui product designer. has 7 years of experience as a product-based ux/ui designer,  multi-phased user experience (requirements gathering, ideation, research, design, and testing),  collaborating with developers, designers, and product managers/owners with agile methodology,  understanding of complex workflows designed to scale across diverse, global teams,  multiple successful product launches that drove meaningful impact to the business 1. certification from mckinsey 2. customer experience certification from the college of arts 3. masters in ui/ux designing   stack skills boot camp. tool expertise includes  sketch, invision, invision studio, principal, figma, jira, photshop, illustrator
highly skilled and motivated interior designer/ 3d visualizer  graduated with the highest gpa award. experienced in all aspects of residential/commercial interior design projects, including exhibition design, and tv studios design. concept development skills, problem-solving, space planning, detailed work, and excellent communication skills.
a visual savvy passionate about emerging technology and sustainability. focused on developing human-centered, aesthetically designed digital 
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the furniture industry. skilled in autocad, customer service, sketchup, submittals, and revit. strong arts and design professional with a course focused in 3d max modeling + vray from trixel studios.
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in autocad, customer service, strategic planning, sketchup, and people management. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of engineering (b.eng.) focused in interior design from ajman university of science and technology.
interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. skilled in autocad, v-ray,archicad artlantis studio, sketchup,twinmotion 3d rendering , revit and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional with a master of architecture (m.arch.) focused in architecture and interior design from university union nikola tesla.,
nagham is an architect and urban designer with an experience on several cross disciplinary projects in the uae and abroad. her career key strengths are seeking for higher responsibilities and providing exceptional contributions, learning and excelling at new technologies as needed, and striving for continued excellence.
experienced senior designer with a demonstrated history of working in both the luxury and sporting goods industry. skilled in trend analysis, fashion illustration, draping, art direction, and fashion design. strong arts and design professional with a master of arts (m.a.) focused in sustainability in fashion from esmod international school of art for fashion.,
graphic designer and versatile person with many interests. proactive and full of energy and enthusiasm. i do what i love. i like a good challenges and i am passionate to design.  familiar with development of brand strategies, principles of advertising  and promotion. skilled in logo design, branding & identity, packaging & posters, flyers, brochures and etc. create illustrations, work with photography, retouching and editing.
an ambitious, creative and dedicated interior design professional with diverse experience of working on mixture of projects. over time i have developed a keen eye to see the potential in defective/unattractive spaces and have a natural ability to create environments that harmonize with the natural surroundings giving a sense of beauty and structure. i have specialized software skills and can utilize these to design aesthetic and environmentally friendly living spaces. i am driven and determined to succeed and work well under pressure. devoted to achieving complete customer satisfaction within any given deadlines.,  paal interiors
interior designer with more than 10 years of experience. created over 100+ compelling designs for commercial and retail projects.,dutco interiors & joinery
a creative and driven professional, embracing the passion and challenges within the real estate industry. with 15 years    experience across middle east and asia, her expertise lies in interior design, ff&e, merchandising & styling, site execution and team leadership. with projects' vision in mind, she is goal-oriented and fully involved in every design phase, delivering solutions within time and financial aspect.  backed with a bachelor of architecture and a global exposure, she has gained experience with reputable firms in kuala lumpur, abu dhabi and currently in dubai - delivering a line of bespoke luxurious spaces, ranging from residential, commercial, hospitality and show units.
experienced freelance graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in communication, management, teamwork, adobe photoshop, and leadership. strong arts and design professional with a master's degree focused in master of arts in fine arts and design from philippine women's university.
senior interior designer, i poses good understanding & knowledge of professional interior design practice in mena region and latest market trends. my design capabilities and exposure to commercial, hospitality & f&b industries, gives me the right set of tools & qualities to drive best result within any given time frames and budgets. strong leadership & management qualities enables me to direct the design team for best results and oversee project flow of information, document submissions and successful execution of design strategy.,
graduated in computer science on s  o paulo university but with a wide variety of interests. mostly passionate by everything that is curious, very communicative and interested at different cultures and languages.   game designer with programming background, having worked on many different gaming genres, platforms and business models. focused on system design and also interested in game balancing, ux and player behaviors.  specialties  system design, prototyping, iterative and agile development, childish curiosity.,renato_watch,
as a child, galia brener spent most of her life searching for snow angels in canada. she moved to europe at the age of 22 to complete her master   s degree in communication design.  galia lived on 4 different continents and fluently speaks 5 languages. she founded her fashion startup secret pocket society   in 2010 and created the world   s first feminist handbag     the gbag.  as a public figure, she appears on her youtube show, television shows, in newspapers, magazines, testimonial for products and collaborates with major brands from all over the world - such as chopard, maserati, rtl, universal pictures, sofitel, dji, yahoo!, jean paul gaultier, lvmh, canon and more.  galia brener stands for luxury
interior & retail designer interior designer | retail designer | visual merchandiser | concept development   result-driven and creative interior design with 8 years of experience in coordinating all facets of design. skilled in, space planning, commercial, residential and hospitality spaces, visual merchandising and shop windows concept & design. computer-aided design, collaborating with all members of all trades and divisions to achieve design targets and expectations. instrumental in streamlining processes and reporting methods and implementing analytical solutions.,
experienced architect and master planner with a history of working in the engineering consulting industry. skilled in design and urban planning, communication, and cad oriented. strong professional with a bachelor of architecture (b.arch.) and is (leed ga certified) focused in urban planning.
senior interior architect, donna's professional experience includes the design of commercial projects such as retail, restaurants, hotels, corporate offices and residential. works on all aspects of the projects from concept stage through completion.  with 15+ years of experience in the field of architecture & interior design.  with the ability to handle all aspects of architectural and interior design projects, strong knowledge in detailings, and knowledge in project and design technical coordination of architectural output with structural, mep and civil/environmental engineering discipline. works as design manager for a variety of project types, participate during all phases of project delivery, develop project schedules, budgets and work plans.  interface with client, contractor, agencies, as well as engineering and specialty consultants.  able to manage  project teams, assign and monitor completion of tasks, coordinate and document preparation for projects and provide quality assurance via review of project documentation.  with an ff&e knowledge documentation. strong arts and design professional with a bs architecture focused in architecture from university of the assumption, philippines.,
a confident, competent and imaginative interior designer with extensive experience. having an excellent commercial approach to solving problems and a proven ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces. brings a diverse knowledge base of design styles and techniques. highly skilled at editing and organizing ideas to implement and support business objectives. desiring to utilize all skills to aid in the growth and development of company to get success.,kart group
experienced freelance graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in typography, cinema 4d, branding, graphic design, and user experience design. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in graphic design from yarmouk university.
i approach projects with curiosity, creativity and a desire to learn. as a ui/ux designer i use my fine art skills, background in the film industry and above all interest in people to design beautiful interfaces,  communicate ideas and  find  creative solutions.,
a fashion designer with a demonstrated history of working in the apparel & fashion industry. skilled in designing apparel and accessories, a design professional with a masters in fashion design.
interior designer with 7 years of experience. capable of managing projects throughout strategic methodology, starting from conceptual design to execution and completion. designed and budgeted residential and commercial projects, high-end villas and apartments. experienced in dealing with architects, other interior designers, developers, contractors, consultants, various suppliers as well as managing end clients directly. skilled in sourcing ff&e and id materials, finishes and fit-out products. capable of issuing detailed specification packages and documenting fit-out schedules. ready to discuss any opportunity that would add to my skills and experience.
senior ux consultant, author, content writer,oncatap, a dedicated and thorough instructional designer with a passion for developing interactive, hands-on and practical programs that deliver solid learning outcomes and ensure high learner engagement and outstanding retention of the material. flexible and agile, elizabeth is able to design a unique educational solution best suited to address the needs of our clients. elizabeth has a proven record of delivering outstanding results under pressure, with limited resources for projects bound by several constraints.
innovations-creativity-multitasking-leadings,sobha,produt designer/ interior designer ,stylish shades,tensile structure designer a creative interior designer with a strong background having  4 years of experience in space planning, computer-aided  design and  authority submission drawings seeking to taking  next career step with a respected design firm focused on creating world-class hospitality and living spaces. proven  success in leading multifunctional teams to achieve project  goals and achieving a high-degree of client satisfaction.
    12 years of uae experience in interior design and 6 years of philippine experience in interior design, coordination and technical aspect of the field.     proficient in autocad, adobe photoshop 7.0, 3dmax, coreldraw, indesign and other basic computer applications, freehand sketching, preparation of materials and sample boards.     demonstrated expertise in providing design for commercial, residential, office and restaurants     extensive work experience on site management and coordination     conceptual thinker, possessing high work ethics and standards     effective communications skills     interior design and styling photography skill
engineering office-the private office of hh sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum, ,graphic designer bachelor graduate class 2016. currently doing her masters in integrated design degree in hochshule anhalt. worked in different fields related to design. started with planning and conducting sessions and workshops about globalisation, culture and their relation to design in india and china. then worked in the corporate sector and the governmental sector in egypt. graduated from the german university in cairo with the last semester spent in berlin. moreover, 3 years of working experience in the gaming and e-sports industry. as well as, being an active you-tuber and lifestyle blogger with +100k subscribers, over 2m channel views, and +10 brand partnerships.,
experienced freelance interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the health wellness and fitness industry. skilled in autocad, furniture, adobe photoshop, microsoft office, and interior architecture. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of arts - ba focused in interior architecture from university of sharjah.
i love working for a reputable mnc company to develop my career path in the architectural lighting industry. also, i could offer my architectural skills and talent with mixed of creativity and enthusiasm.  specialties  i have 6 years of experience  in the field of my profession as an architectural  lighting designer and gained several vital expertises in different work experience as far as my job description is concerned.
my name is john peter working as kitchen designer at m.a.h.y khoory co & llc ( khoory kitchens) . i am passionate about finding creative solutions and producing captivating arrangements. i understand that good designs are a key part of every structure, and i shall strive to make each design functional, safe, and appealing.  specialist in autocad, carat , winner, 3d home architect,
a confident, competent and imaginative interior designer with five years    experience of working on a mixture of projects. have an extensive  knowledge  &  experience  in  autocad,  3d  max,  ...etc and an excellent commercial approach to solving problems and a proven ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces, including structural alterations.  an ambitious, creative and dedicated design professional eager to gain experience in a creative environment. now looking for a new and challenging position, one which will make best use of my existing creative skills and experience and also further my personal and professional development.
i am an interaction designer with professional experience in ui design, graphics design and front-end development. additionally, i have on hand experience with several designing software like sketch, axure rp, adobe xd, balsamiq 3, coral draw, photoshop, illustrator, after effects, adobe premiere, sketch.,vaisakhus
a designer by trade, entrepreneur by chance and connecter by nature.   - designer - i'm a multidisciplinary designer with 10 years of experience in branding, strategy, user experience and product design. i work with companies to help them solve problems through design thinking and strategy consulting, as well as startups to help them build powerful, lasting brands that resonate with their customers.   - founder - i'm the founder and ceo of this toothbrush, a company that revives an ancient, natural toothbrush called the miswak through innovative products and packaging. what started off as a student project has turned into a growing business based out of dubai, with customers from all over the globe.   - connecter -  i've always had a passion for community building and connecting people to one another, something i do naturally in my day-to-day life. i'm a founding member and creative director of afikra, an initiative that fosters curiosity around arab history and culture through monthly events around the world. i'm also an active member of the sandbox network, a global community of makers and doers. for the last year or so, i've been dabbling with the idea of building a strong, meaningful community of inspiring women in the middle east, called home.    most recently, i joined at  lye to take on a role that is right at the intersection of my three passion areas  design, entrepreneurship and community. with the support of an amazing team in istanbul, i'm leading the launch of the second at  lye creative hub here in dubai     a space and community that supports regional creatives through impactful work, meaningful content and deep connection.  i love meeting and collaborating with people who are passionate about what they do
i am a creative multitasker. fashion designer by trade. i possess strong academic skills and excellent technical ability in adobe suite, illustration, print design, sewing and pattern cutting. i have a genuine commitment to continuous improvement and exceeding quality standards.   my aim is to progress in fashion and costume design by challenging myself with new creative ideas and new projects. excitement for constantly learning new things makes me appreciate how much there is to observe.     tell me and i forget, teach me and i may remember, involve me and i learn.         benjamin franklin,
highly motivated architect with over 4 years' experience in architectural design seeking a full-time position in an architecture firm with conducive learning environment. i have high experience in architectural design, interior design, working drawings, 3d presentation, mep & structure coordination in large projects including hospitals, offices & sports clubs.,
experienced technical lead with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in python, requirements analysis, c++, javascript, devops, aws and databases. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology (b.tech.) focused in information technology from guru gobind singh indraprastha university.
software engineer with 2+ years of experience to build interactive and user-centered website. proven ability to leverage full-stack knowledge and experience in design, development & maintenance of php web applications. open to learn new skills and adaptable to change.,jld international it solutions llc
i   m a creative graphics designer, with years of experience, providing integrated communication solutions, designing with high quality professional graphic & advertising materials to my clients, i   m a one source for all your company   s marketing requirement..
a lifelong student of design looking to augment my education in design through mutual collaboration with industry experts.,soelbhowmick,
sabine assaf is a graduate from the american university in dubai holding a bachelor of fine art degree in visual communication, majoring in advertising. sabine is specialized in creative conception, generating imc campaigns from ads to digital executions. sabine assaf was born in beirut, lebanon in 1992 on a special date that comes once every four years, the 29th of february. despite sabine   s attachment to her country, sabine benefited greatly from growing up in the city of life  dubai. this ever-changing city allowed her to adapt to new environments and associate with people from different cultures and backgrounds. sabine finds special interest in package design, the last point of contact with the consumer.
i   m a designer with a strong background about ux & interaction design for interfaces, product design and technology understanding.  i aim to create technological devices and systems which are integrated with people   s daily life. i apply a user-centered and hands-on design approach. i start by getting insights from user interviews and field research. then i create concepts selecting the more appropriate state-of-the-art technology. successively, i make interactive prototypes (physical and digital, via sketch, invision, arduino, processing) to validate my concepts with users. i enjoy working with multidisciplinary teams (e.g., researchers, designers, and developers). lately, i have been focusing on ux for iot and connected systems (smart home devices and systems. e.g. philips hue) but i am eager to accept new challenges in different industry sectors.,
education  b.e.mechanical currently working at worleyparson qatar worked with techint india pvt ltd in sp3d piping  worked with worleyparsons(wll) qatar as a sr piping designer/checker, sm3d, for moq's brown field  modification jobs.also carry site survey jobs.  previous worked with  rolta india ltd., mumbai as piping engineer b.k. birla groups - century rayon ltd., kalyan, thane as mechanical maint.engineer.
i'm passionate about product design   i believe that design moves the world and that we can carry important concepts through it.
core operations at present is aligning the project design deliverable with bim and autocad/inventor platform across the team of modelers and cad draftsman, restructuring the team workflow to ensure the maximum productivity   specialist in building the remote team with available resources on time and produce the high quality project deliverable (drawing/3d modeling/design analysis).  proficient in product design, prototype development & fabrication   bim,cad champion,inventor, reverse engineering , specialising in faciliating bim/ipd across the buisness in conjection with known industry standards  responsible for lead development of standardisation of working process, troubleshooting the design issues across all the projects  specialized in bim management, product development, laser scanning with 8 years experiance in the field of building information modeling (bim) with major international projects from middle east & europe..  power user of revit,inventor, navisworks & dynamo in the scope of (architecture, structure & mep)  effective dynamo script writer    expert in approaching architects & engineers to make their designs to develop a clash free bim model & producing shop drawings..   expert in using inventor, revit (architecture,structure & mep) navisworks, solibri, 3ds max
computer aided design (3d max , cad , photoshop , word, excel, powerpoint). - using all office program and email internet. - creating conceptual designs. - hand sketching. - lighting and colors schemes. - client facing. - floor planning. - feasibility studies.  personal skills   - highly creative. - excellent imagination. - attention to detail.  interior designing excellence   - well-versed in determining the client   s needs and goals. - special talent for considering how the space will be utilized effectively. - specialized courses in sketching opening design plans. - highly skilled in preparing final plans using cad & 3d max, and related computer software.  key skills and competencies   - over 3 years of experience in interior designing. -   familiar with qatar building regulations and standards. -   functional knowledge of providing design support to team members. -   good knowledge of construction detailing and material properties. - participate in construction administration. - assist in managing client expectations and consultant coordination. - experienced in developing space planning concepts and program documentation. -   excellent knowledge of  3d max, autocad, photoshop. -   extensive experience in sourcing, specification, procurement as an designer. -   capable of running with a project from initial concept to completion. -   able to work on multiple projects simultaneously. -   experience of leading projects and overseeing other members of staff. -   ability to translate 2d drawings into 3d. - excellent organizational skills.
experienced user experience designer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. skilled in user interface, user experience, logo design, and typography. strong information technology professional with a no focused in no from city public.
with a diverse educational background includes bachelor of science in interior design and bachelor of science degree major in industrial design at de la salle university - manila philippines.   combined with project experience that spans various areas of interior design, ff&e , os&e specialists for over fifteen years of hospitality, hotel casino, high-end residential, luxury private villas, artworks and some government projects all over gcc, macau & hong kong china, vietnam & philippines.   sheryl   s approach to the conceptual development has an enormous effect on the overall project outcome and realization of each project is both unique and well-rounded. head of ff&e     interior  team, she works closely with clients and team from start to finish, managed and lead each project from the schematic concept through the documentation stage, construction, purchasing and field supervision phases. her past experience as a business & sales development director for a reputable furnishings brand in hong kong makes an her invaluable contribution to the firm as it strives to deliver the high level of aesthetic excellence that a company desire especially for clients requirements.   a creative individual, has a wide eye for detail & design, determined & resourceful, organized team player. loves to travel, an athlete, loves music and seek adventure. excellent communication skills and interpersonal skills to be able to communicate with the clients, management and overall team. knowledge in autocad
nairi currently is a product designer and researcher at aj&smart, where she helps to deliver to design and strategy sprints.   nairi's background is in industrial design, human-centered design, and working with people. her strong interpersonal, sales, and communication skills mean that she can adjust and thrive in any workplace. she enjoys fast-paced design, learning, exploring sustainability, and fostering communities.  raised in new zealand and born in france, nairi is now based in berlin. when she's not designing, she's outside  hiking, climbing, and traveling.,
i am a passionate ui/ux designer with 15+ years of creative experience in delivering challenging assignments independently and in team environments. i am determined to provide a highly usable, intuitive, and emotionally engaging user experience on web and mobile platforms while researching new trends and grasping new concepts with ease.   tools and technologies that i use every day are adobe xd, sketch, invision, adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, adobe indesign, instapage, google web designer, html5, css3/sass, bootstrap, javascript & jquery.,alex_midicula
to be an exceptionally competent professional at an institution where i can best apply & polish my salient skills with hard work and dedication and keep growing my knowledge base.,omnia,senior ui designer
to become an accomplished professional and the best in the field of website development with a focus on quality work and strong commitment to my job. as a front-end developer i excel at the following      4.5 years of experience in front-end development     good experience in node js, react js, html5, css3, jquery, javascript, dhtml, adobe photoshop, web performance optimization, gtmetrix / pagespeed insights / w3c standards, ajax / json api,css animation     expertise in responsive website development using bootstrap framework and custom media queries     experience in different web development frameworks (1140 css grid, golden grid system,  responsive grid system, etc)     extensive experience in front end development to be integrated with reactjs     proficient in theme integration, dynamic page & navigation development.     expertise in photoshop, adobe xd, dreamweaver
innovative creative designer & 2d/3d animator with more then 13 years of experience in delivering of logical concepts building, 2d/3d animation, story boarding, lay outing, project composition, special effects,      specialized in 2d & 3d animation & creative designing from a well known institution & worked with well-   established tv channels like fatafeat a flagship channel of discovery communication, mtv and others.      extensive background in the full concept building & designing from initial concept through final delivery and live & recorded programs.     ability to rapidly achieve organizational integration, assimilate job requirements and employ innovative ideas, concepts, methods and technologies. energetic, self-   motivated, quick learner and spirited team member      good communication, interpersonal, intuitive, technical, analysis and leadership skills. highly dedicated and focused. thrive in both independent and collaborative work environments,atif_aquari,
i   m a specialist in the human-centered design process, with significant experience in user research, brainstorming, prototyping, and usability testing. my passion is to combine business goals and user data insights to design meaningful products. that   s what i   ve been doing for 9 years as a user experience designer.  main skills  prototyping, qualitative research, product management,gbr_lins,
ui & ux designer  i believe the role of a designer in creating a better world. i think design is a systematic attempt to change the future and we are living in greatest epic of innovation ever seen on earth, it   s an extraordinary time to live in and i am passion of making and designing thinks we want in the future, the future we want to live in and make people   s life experiences better.
architect and lighting designer, with over 15 years of international experience.  she has been working for  the last 11 years in the field of lighting in the middle east, starting as a consultant and as client in the position of lighting design director. she is currently enrolled in a leadership and management program at hbs, and focusing on research and education.  in the position of lighting design director at emaar development, patricia was in charge of overseeing architectural lighting projects for all of emaar   s portfolio, both in the uae and internationally, leading the lighting design conception, development and implementation across different types of projects such as masterplanning, hospitality, residential and retail.  patricia started her career studying engineering at the politecnica del ecuador, she then pursued her studies in architecture to combine her interest in mathematics with art, receiving her degree in architecture at the universidad san francisco in 2001. after this, she specialized in architectural lighting, obtaining her master   s in germany in 2005. currently she is  part of the harvard business school professional leadership development program. she has been invited as a speaker to dubai, london, spain, mexico, qatar and turkey.
i am an interior designer, with a bachelor degree in interior design and pre-masters.  finished the studies i went on to work in emaar egy, then an international studio of architecture and interior design in turkey.  at the moment based in dubai, uae, working in architecture & design projects.  i am extremely passionate and motivated and constantly looking for new opportunities. i love to watch and observe my surroundings and take inspiration from these for my projects. i am constantly looking for new experiences and knowledge, to improve myself and my work. i learn quickly and i am versatile and very reliable. i love working in a team, but if necessary also on my own and under pressure.  my personal design style is contemporary and minimalist, and interested in interior psychology with clean and simple shapes, while always paying attention to aesthetics and functionality of the spaces, with an eye for details.  designing skills     all aspects of interior design from the master-planning phase till installation & final project handover, creating the concept and schematic design moving to the design development, interior architecture, ff&e/ material selections and coordinated construction documents.     provide excellent communication, presentation and client liaison skills.     provide exemplary design, documentation and detailing.     be alert and informative for up market ff&e suppliers and materials relative to the design and decoration process.     awareness and interest in global design trends.  team leader      outstanding skills in leadership and supervision  manage project teams of designers.     take an active role in office management and setting up office policy to improve standards and productivity.     scheduling and prioritizing of resources     understanding that the role of mentoring and guidance is vital to ensure the right procedures and standards are set in place from an early stage.,enasawad_,
i am a certified user experience designer(cua) who is passionate about meeting user's needs and expectations with also balancing the business needs with the user needs. i work in an agile environment where i apply my ux skills and methods learnt. i am also person that likes to learn new skills and methods to help me create an even better customer experience.  i am an enthusiastic, energetic and adaptive individual who likes to take on challenges and be innovative.  ux is not about being a follower in the industry but rather creating those disruptive experiences that people will use, interact and will talk about for generations to come.  my digital portfolio is available on request.
experienced user experience designer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in pro tools, mac, maxmsp, mixer, and sound. strong arts and design professional with a master's degree focused in music technology from university of limerick.,
personal summary  a confident, competent and creative interior designer with 10+ years of experience  working on various projects ranging from residential to commercial, retail and public spaces. having a excellent commercial approach to solving problems and an ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces, including structural alterations.   ambitious, imaginative and dedicated design professional eager to gain experience in a creative environment. looking for a new and challenging position, one which will make best use of my existing creative skills and experience and also further my personal and professional development,
i believe in creating compelling digital experiences for everyone through the intersection of continuous innovation with technology. having a strong inclination towards design thinking methodologies, i believe in solving complex user problems through experimentation which involves repeated iterations to arrive at the most feasible solution.  being an extrovert by nature, i like attending meetups and conferences and conducting activities such as brainstorming workshops, ideation sessions, sketching, etc within my team.  in the future, i am eager to work on projects that involve innovation through the use of technologies like ar, iot, facial recognition to name a few.   keeping the customer at the center of everything i do and creating a happy moment for someone, somewhere is what gives me the most joy in being a designer.
i am front end developer / web and graphic designer. i help people and companies develop and design their websites, build a brand and establish sustainable growth       and with the dazzling design of the finished result comes a process devoted to functionality. i work hard and i work smart. i use css, wordpress, divi, php, mysql. i integrate usability practices into my websites so that the end-user has a smooth journey as they navigate their way around.  but besides the big world of web... i also design for print. i have designed and printed logos, business cards.  besides business, i enjoy life, traveling, learning, and singing (not only under the shower) and i love to provide value.  here   s who i help          top managers, entrepreneurs, consultants, marketers, salespeople & all b2b professionals     i help you build a personal brand and get more clients.         individuals who are just starting their journey  to learn more about how i can help you grow your business
i am a mechanical designer&mep draft man at lts electromechanical llc dubai.i having more than 6 year's experience in uae & 1.5 years in india,lts electromechanical llc-dubai,mep designer
talented, driven and flexible graphic designer with a proven record of delivering creative and innovative design solutions. a proven ability of developing projects from inception through production to final delivery, ensuring that all work is effective, appropriate and delivered within agreed timescales. running a freelance business       ,
i am a certified ux designer with more than 10 years of design experience working for world-leading car companies like ford and audi. in my opinion, design is the overall concept of a product in terms of function, form and color which can only be sensibly designed once you understand the people who use it and their problems. future visions and innovative products can only be created in interdisciplinary teams. i can offer you additional value with my professional past and my technical, conceptual and creative versatility. i   m ready to make a difference in an innovative team that places their client   s user experience at the forefront of their company mission.
experienced studio manager with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. skilled in graphic design, drawing, sketchup pro, revit architecture, autocad, lumion 9, adobe illustrator and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor   s degree focused in architecture from national college of arts.,
responsible for creating a visible image that can be used in media and print. uses software and hand-rendering to design products that meet the needs of the client.  primary responsibilities - meet with clients to establish a vision for a product or design. - select colors, images, textures and shapes to create the layout. - select the size and arrangement of the different elements. - use computer software to create electronic versions of designs. - employ color, type, illustration, photography, animation, and various print and layout techniques when  designing project. - develop material for web pages. - design logos for products and businesses. - develop signs and environmental graphics. - create promotional displays, packaging, and marketing brochures. - develop the layout and production design of magazines, newspapers, journals, corporate reports, and  other publications. - make short movies.,
i am a happier person, when i paint, with more to say in my work, and actually more productive in less time.,
accomplished visual designer with experience hovering over 13 years in web design, ui/ux design and front end development.  responsible for creating interesting visual designs that are appealing and ensure high usability. expert in modern web design, ui/ux design, responsiveness and cross browser, cross platform compliance.  expert in designing and front end development of ecommerce systems, information architecture for big data/ bi dashboards, handling complex interactions and simplifying challenging online processes.  expert level proficiency in design tools such as adobe creative suite, including adobe fireworks.  expert level proficiency in development tools such as html5, css3, compass, jquery, javascript, and bootstrap.,bisonics,
i want to succeed in a stimulating and challenging  environment building the success of the company while experience advancement opportunities.,alexandria international furniture,senior 3d designer
with 13 years of experience in ui designing and 4 years in ux. design, ux and dance enthusiast. born in the lap of himalaya, north india. studied arts and web designing in 2007. a strong believer of one supreme energy, you call him god. philosopher of    life without five senses   . - skilled in the use of figma, sketch app, abstract, adobe xd, invision studio, principal app, zeplin and adobe programs such as adobe animate cc, photoshop and illustrator.
freelance (self employed),freelance graphic designer graduate in bachelor of science in design management from the american university of sharjah (aus), holds solid background experience in communication, branding, ux & ui, and graphic design. abubakar is gradually gaining additional insight in project management and marketing. he is a keen learner, who is always willing to reinforce his existing arsenal of talent.
graphic designer . printing director . advertising operation manager. media partner .event director.  mobile no    0097430194858 looking for work ..,free lancer rune design,graphic designer
motion graphic artist and digital compositor with comprehensive understanding in all areas of film production cycle.  my experience demonstrates a diverse skill set ranging from developing methods and solutions for solving technical limitations, compositing photorealistic effects, enough photographic knowledge, possessing good capacity to observe, imagination and a strong eye for balance, color, structure and detail.  i have acquired a bachelor   s degree in graphic design and my studies centered on computer aided design software used to create videos and graphics along with camera applications. while earning my degree, i completed an internship where i created both two and three-dimensional animated videos.  i have extensive knowledge of photoshop, after effects and illustrator. i am also very familiar with interactive media and ways to edit videos, photos and audio.  i have the ability to work together with a team to come up with ideas and to help create prototypes but i can also work independently and get the job done.,
identity design shouldn't describe, but identify .specialties  tangible user interfaces, physical computing, participatory design, co-creation, design thinking, innovation methods
me, as a creative spirit always try's to create strong visual concepts to bring the brand to life. my passion has always been trying out new things, experiment with new ideas and create the rather unexpected. i consider myself a creative, who is always seeking to learn more about my field of profession, as well as those field's i get in touch with.     curiosity about life in all of its aspects, i think, is still the secret of great creative people        leo burnett  specialties graphic design, branding & identity,
i design thoughtful digital experiences & beautiful brand aesthetics. i provide high quality web & graphic design services,location solutions,graphic and multimedia designer
creative designer  i'm a young creative design from ghana based in dubai, with a huge passion for branding identity, logo design and helps in designing brand identity and brand strategy for businesses and help them to meet their potential. my design skills cover several creative design fields, i really enjoy the idea of creating new things by using design-thinking.
an experienced industrial designer with a demonstrated history of working in the consumer goods industry, developing designs for manufactured products and advanced concept studies. he does not look at his profession as an everyday job. design is a great drive in his life. it   s all about the passion to create.
i love bringing clarity to complicated issues. this is a common thread to defining a user experience, creating a concise and elegant design, teaching a concept or facilitating self-discovery. when not working, i enjoy playing badminton, escaping puzzle rooms or volunteering for events.   specialities  ui & ux design, wireframes & mockups, prototyping, user research, user test, responsive web & app design, landing pages, animation, photo editing, training design, training delivery, presentation, writing
graphic web designer with more than 6 years experience based in dubai, united arab emirates. i am passionate about creating clean & elegant web page layouts, ui designs & app interfaces. experience in creating branding materials like brochures, newsletters, flyers & logos. creative researcher of ui, ux & design thinking.
currently working at passivhaus institut, darmstadt where he was an intern earlier. he is also pursuing mba-building sustainability student at the technical university of berlin. previously he worked as energy analyst at greentree. greentree provides various solutions centred around the concept of energy efficiency & design. this includes green building design & certification, epc contracting & interior fit-outs and smart energy metering solutions.   he has also been an intern at the indian green building council which provides a wide array of services which include developing new green building rating programmes, certification services and green building training programmes.   he was also an intern at l&t building and factories ic, jaipur where he worked on the construction of jcb manufacturing plant.   naman has represented india, along with his team at university challenge at ifat munich 2016.  he likes to put himself out for someone in need and he lives his life with the principles of honesty and optimism.
experienced creative lead with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in graphics, logo design, audio editing, typography, and adobe creative cloud. strong marketing professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in advertising & animation, interactive technology, video graphics and special effects from arena multimedia.
hi, let me introduce myself.  i   m nico, a psychologist, endeavour entrepreneur & tech enthusiast.   as you can see, i have held a wide variety of roles in different industries and professional niches.   this has allowed me to grow professionally and develop different hi-potential skills needed in today's multi-task, e-commerce, blockchain, globalized, fast-paced, business structures & markets.   think globally, act locally!   i have an entrepreneur mentality & a strong startup spirit, with a just fix it motto.   i am a firm believer in an ethical approach to business not only in a social aspect but also in an environmental one.   i am a passionate learner & serial networker, looking forward to learning something new every chance i get.   what i don   t know  i research and consult with specialized peer   s & colleagues.      luck, is when preparation meets opportunity    seneca    i enjoy teaching and keynote speaking. collaboration & teamwork is key, as i always say       let   s grow together, it   s a win win   .  feel free to reach out anytime, even if it   s just for a friendly chat. i   m always open to a constructive exchange of ideas.   i speak english, spanish & german in full professional proficiency. learning a bit of russian and chinese but still a newbie.   keep the good vibes in business going.   cheers!!!
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the hospitality industry. skilled in flash animation, adobe premiere pro, adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, and indesign. strong arts and design professional graduated from aptech.,
web & graphics designer.i'm a product designer driven by passion for making products and helping others do the same, or even better. i write a blog about product+design at darshangajara.com and often contribute to invision's blog.   i'm an internet-made designer and strongly believe in giving back to the internet. the reason why i created my side-project productdisrupt.com. i also hold a bachelor's degree in computer engineering from university of mumbai.   i   m experienced in delivering end-to-end product solutions for india   s top ticketing portal     bookmyshow and building a crowdfunding platform for creatives     wishberry. i also worked towards building a community of design enthusiasts for panda network.   my key responsibilities included business requirement mapping, product specification, user experience by user research, user interface and interaction design and studying the user feedback on an iterative basis.  i   ve also been working as an independent product design consultant for 5+ years now. my clients include startups and established businesses from us, uk, uae, canada and india. it has helped me understand the business of creativity and improve myself on a consistent basis.   very recently, i've helped design a diy interactive ad-platform for mcanvas in mumbai. and i'm currently tasked at designing an online experience for restaurants as an offering by a saas product company based in dubai, uae.,weirdowizard,
pragmatic. disciplined. creative. collaborative. stefan bischoff brings these qualities to life.  he exemplifies the best of a web developer   s technical and analytical thinking with a designer   s imagination and holistic real-life composition. he is a design thinker in the truest sense, creating solutions from the end goal back to the first step, with diligent delivery every step of the way.  stefan   s approach with each client is to work together to create a clear picture of the desired end goal, scripting the look, sound, and feel with precision. with that established, he creates a project plan and timeline that will meet those end goals on time and within scope.  he focuses on delivering what is promised, without going over the deadline or the spend limit, and his clients respond with loyalty to this high-integrity approach.    he loves starting new businesses, and successfully launched and led angel printing as chief technical officer for eight years. from there he has been a web developer and designer in both employee and contractor positions, helping organizations with ui/ux in industries ranging from social gaming to biotechnology to fashion.  his ability to apply rigor to every embedded technology platform allows him to shift across industries while maintaining consistently strong outcomes.  stefan is personable, thoughtful, visionary, energetic and agile.  from the details of design to the details of development, he elevates organizations' online presence, ensuring that each new visitor who enters as a prospect leaves as a customer.   specialties  web development     adobe creative suite     wordpress development     customer journey     php     logo design     indesign     jquery     corporate identity     photography     css     pre-press     digital printing     social media     social networking     graphic design     cascading style sheets (css)     responsive prototyping     sass - css pre-processing    ,
i'm an all-rounder graphic designer based in dubai, uae.   a humble, approachable, and optimistic type of person - combined with the passion to learn and share ideas to others. throughout my experience working in the industry i have developed my skills in designing graphics, prints, branding, 3d, web and photography.
more than 5 years of exposure in social media marketer, digital marketing, retail, cgi (3d image) and multimedia/graphic design professional with extensive retail business, advertising agency and client experience across the uk, middle east, and asia.
summary objective  to be able to work in the industry where i can maximize my potential to the fullest and provide professional inspiring designs with a commitment to quality and time efficiency for the overall development and expansion of the institution, and to enhanced my skill and expertise in the field of health, safety and environment.  technical skills  microsoft office (word,exel, powerpoint) macro media freehand onyx and wasatch ripping software encad photoscrift cutting and plotter roland plotter and cutting machine hp 5000/5100 large format indoor printing machine roland xj740 large format outdoor printing machine dgi and vista large format printing machine gandi jet-i innovation indoor/outdoor large format printing machine salsa / nhur / vu-tek large format printing machine  strength  *dynamic, dedicated, resourceful and fast learner *goal oriented individual *can relate well with other people *hardworking,  *can work with minimum supervision *willing to work on shifting schedule and render overtime *willing to face a challenging role, which will enhance my personality.  *possesses a sense of responsibility. *able to work independently with minimum supervision.  experience gained      good team player and multi-tasking capabilities     good orientation and implementation of work obligation and responsibilities.     proven initiative and the ability to work w/minimal supervision.     excellent organization and motivational skills.     good in oral and written communication,
graphic designer and motion graphic designer, i work in designing ad videos and motion graphics videos   i use the adobe software suite adobe after effects and adobe premiere also draw scenes and set them to animate through adobe illustrator i also work in the cinema 4d.  for samples of designs from the link
a freelance graphic designer and an illustrator with over 5 years of experience with it support background.  graduated from  a.s. griboedov institute, moscow, linguistics faculty and faculty of economics  contemporary design school, moscow, graphic design faculty.  finished a number of california institute of the arts graphic design courses.,
professional sound designer, audio implementer and recordist.  specialties  sound design, recording, game audio, dialogue and localisation, asset organisation, editing and implementation, pro tools, nuendo, audition, izotope rx, wwise, fmod.  i totally love what i do, collaborating with industry professionals on a great variety of projects is something that i find extremely rewarding. there   s nothing quite like getting together a team of creative people and working together to make something great.  released game titles  gravel horizon zero dawn total war  warhammer anno 2205 heroes of might & magic vii aion lineage ii iron knight lineage ii ogame  released movies  maya the bee snowpiercer  released shortfilms   die letzten kinder im paradies squash pudel  trailers  call of war invasion  released audio dramas  maus & mystik vorsicht engpass
advanced designer & developer with 4 years of experience in structuring, developing and implementing interactive websites. innovative use of technology and seo to drive traffic and engage users. able to complete projects efficiently and satisfy customers with attractive, user-friendly websites.
lighting certified architect with over 17 years of lighting design experience in the hospitality, retail, corporate, mixed use, streetscape, public realm, parks, sports and infrastructure sectors in the middle east offering lighting design consultancy services to meet the client   s needs and vision for the built environment.,msajuo
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, sketchup, 3d design, revit, and 3d studio max. strong arts and design professional with a bsc interior designing focused in interior design from amity school of design.
mood home furniture,interior designer ,interior/exterior designer and 3d visualizer, with 8 years of experience in residential, office, and retail interior design, conceptual design, 3d graphics, and construction documents. certified autodesk 3ds max specialist.
italian dairy products,looking for new opportunity. i am a professional graphic designer/ web designer & developer based in dubai. always seeking new challenges to take my craft to new heights and feed my passion for story telling. i enjoy the creative process of any any project and quite simply love what i do. professionally and more passionately than ever.  method and style of creating, listening, and collaborating with partners builds trust and a positive working relationship.  i love meeting new people & new things, so please feel free to say hello & share a story with me. i am thrilled, and truly blessed to be a part of the unity family!  start where you are, with what you have. make something of it and never be satisfied.  specifications   branding and design as a science, including color theory, illustration, typography, web design, logo design , graphic design, template turn into html, web templates,making websites,  picture editing, making social covers & design.   designing specialties      html      css      php   software knowledge       photoshop     adobe fireworks     illustrator     dreamweaver     ms office  professional skills      technology savvy     highly motivated     energetic     creative     imaginative     work to under pressure and to tight deadlines.     communicate confidently.
i was born in damascus . when i was young my dream was to be an artist so i worked on it . i studied in fine arts faculty in damascus and got a well education about many sides of art i have specialised in graphics and visual communications . i had work experiences with a part time jobs before my graduation, and then a full time jobs in some companies in syria and now in uae as a graphic designer , senior graphic designer and art director having better opportunities , more experience are the main objectives of my career. meeting new people in my field, keeping myself updated, updating my knowledge are my strategy to evolve my self .  specialties   graphics applications  - advanced in adobe photoshop . - advanced in adobe illustrator . - advanced in adobe indesign .  - microsoft   (windows, word,outlook).,
intensive interior designer with an art in 3ds max who loves to experiment every aspects in design and architecture.,lulu group international,designer ,i'm a designer, creative, interior designer, 3d generalist, handcrafter in a creative field and i consider myself a reputable and reliable professional, my spirit made of curiosity, i'm searching every day for a new challenge and new workmates whom i can learn from and i can realize with very high-level productions. my great dream is to continue working in the creative field, and making things at the highest level.   i like facing always different challenges in order to raise ability of adapting myself under various circumstances and hard tasks, with my great passion and my deep curiosity towards the entire creative world i have the opportunity to test multiple techniques approaching and conceptual problems which i will face from time to time, and become an advanced creative architect who always ready to organise and lead the team.    my duties and talents      exterior and interior advanced design     exterior and interior production design     colour and material design     product and merchandise design     3d modeling     industrial design consultancy     member of the syrian fine arts association      plastic art courses     high skilled interior design     exhibition stand design     freehand sketch     event design,
stickman design llc,senior interior designer ux and ui designer with a bachelors of visual communications design. love everything about web, app and data systems design. a true typography devotee.,idanarbesman,
i am passionate about user experience and creating outstanding digital experiences based on users' needs. i strongly believe that the best ux is created when people have the right conversations - i prioritise process facilitation over shiny mockups.,ableton
an ambitious, creative and dedicated professional interior designer with an international outlook as well as a charismatic leader.  an imaginative interior designer with extensive working experience on a mixture of projects. i have not only an excellent commercial approach to solving problems, but also a proven ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces, including structural alterations.  moving forward with my career, i am eager to get involved in new and challenging position that will make best use of my existing creative skills and experience, over and above that, will further my personal and professional development.
a ux/ui mobile designer with an easy-going personality who is looking for a role to use my full potential. i'm also a fast learner, love to experiment, create new stuff and explore how things work.
experienced graphic designer ux design with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in web design, adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, and flash animations.
there is nothing more satisfying than to overcome a challenge. in my professional world these are design challenges, and i thrive on finding the best solutions. some projects are a clear challenge before acceptance, but invariably, every project will have some obstacle to overcome or problem to solve.  in creating sarhen, my vision was to unite a team that also shared an inherent sense of dedication to find the best solutions for every client and project. sometimes i think we are a little crazy sending eureka messages to each other at all hours, but we live in our work and we love our work. it is this spirit that makes our work fun, and ultimately delivers great design bringing beauty and function to the crazy world in which we live. as an extension of our team, we exclusively work with vendors who are dedicated to supporting our projects in this same way to bring our designs on paper to physical form.  while sarhen is a young company, it has been in the making for years, and has an experienced team of designers that together have over 50 years of practice. to date our portfolio ranges from private high end residential, commercial residential, and hospitality work, even a national park visitors center!
be part of a professional and considered organization where i can fulfill my ambition. and to maintain high experience and productivity that will meet my self-esteem.,mirabello interiors,senior interior designer
rpa consultant and developer (blue prism, uipath), with vb.net, sql, web development and excel vba skills, quadrilingual (spanish, german, dutch & english) and with experience in international consultancy, process analysis and on site and remote solution development, as well as rpa support in virtual environments.  big advocate of teamwork and continuous improvement at all levels, my passion for this field has driven me to reorient my career and prosper in a dynamic and international environment, not only implementing rpa solutions but also analyzing business processes, providing technical support and being in charge of mentoring external rpa teams.,
interior designer with a master's degree in lighting design from new york with experience of increasing levels of responsibility and work assignments including space planning, interior furnishing, fit out renovation spaces. i am hard working, self-driven and very motivated. creative in every aspect of my field. excellent software skills ranging from revit to 3ds max. can work in a multi-cultural work environment.
looking for a job in the field of architecture or interior designing.,ss lootah international investment group,assistant interior designer i am an interior architect with a professional practice spanning across a wide range of disciplines. i have a demonstrated history of working on workplace design, high-end and mid-range residential developments, residential design, and design of educational facilities.   i have a strong belief in creating new conceptual experiences developed around functional and aesthetic spaces. i have always been intrigued with the study of scale, which allows me to touch on the largest aspects of a project down to the final details. in turn, this has allowed me to excel beyond my years and position myself as an avid thinker. i hold a masters in architectural design and urban vision.,
   creativity is nothing but the way to solve problems.    and i   m a man who aims in solving it all. i, wajahat ali nawab am a product designer, illustrator and a storyteller having 7 years of experience. i believe in learning more, eager to solve complex interactions and humanizing user experience. skilled with prototyping, i build pixel perfect designs. moreover, i am an artist by soul who loves sketching, drawing and passionate in film making.,wajahatalinawab,
worked on various software applications / e- commerce / web design as ux / ui designer.  automotive sector for bmw (level 5 autonomous electric cars) volkswagen regio central infotainment display as ux / ui designer
with a passion to learn on the job and an eye for detail, i hope to grow in a set up which allows me to take my previous experience in hospitality design forward through multi-disciplinary creative approaches in spatial exploration and problem solving check my work 
a confident, competent and imaginative interior designer with extensive experience of working on a mixture of projects  having a excellent commercial approach to solving problems and a proven ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces, including structural alterations.  an ambitious, creative and dedicated design professional eager to gain experience in a creative environment. skills and experience and also further my personal and professional development
as a creative professional with over twelve years of experience working in the digital media and game development industry as a multi-faceted producer and designer i have extensive knowledge of production, business development, strategy and innovation. my varied background across different platforms, companies and markets provides me with a unique understanding of the game and digital media industry across all disciplines and sectors.
space design for interior & exterior architecture,architect and interior designer i'm a self motivated and positive person... i'm currently based in united arab emirates, 15 years as a head florist designer.  my task includes      prepared floral displays for weddings, baby deliveries, and events.     demonstrated high creativity through visually appealing floral displays     stayed current with the latest trends in floral design     handled major events, weddings without any supervision and individually     creating designs for window displays every season of the year (valentine   s day, easter, spring season, ramadan, national day and christmas).     provided innovative floral designs through use of colors, and accent materials     provided costs estimates and arranged prices for clients     meet with the clients and discuss their requirements for the events/wedding/baby delivery.     working with the cad operator to make the design presentation and sit with the team to organize the events requirements (lightings, furniture, stage and etc.)     creating vip tray compositions for the chocolates.     creating seasons collection designs for the boutique display (boxes, trays, chocolates and boutique display designs).     supervise and coordinate with the staff of floral department
10 years experience in kitchen designer for commerical kitchen equipment,stars aluminium & glass co.,interior designer .an interior designer with over 10 years of professional experience, vijay has worked on educational, residential, work space, f&b and retail design projects in india and the middle east with the primary focus being on experiential design.  in the last two years, he has worked on the design of two international british-curriculum schools in dubai, one of which was recently awarded the 'education and healthcare lighting project of the year' award at luxlive middle east 2016. his responsibilities as a senior designer are -  - design conceptualization. - project coordination. - working with and leading a team of interior designers, 3d visualizers and draughtsmen. - liaising with the client, contractor and specialist consultants. - inspecting the quality of work on site periodically and its adherence to the ifc drawings.  vijay's relies on critical thinking and rationality as a designer and his strengths lie in his interpersonal skills and attention to detail.
my passion to architecture started once i decided to study in this field. but after the five years passed i became more passionate about architecture and how to built  an environment that can affect its occupants at a human scale. from here i started my journey in practicing my architectural passion in real projects and in visiting construction sites to see how the detailed drawings  are applied in real construction. then my interests in architectural design reside in interior architecture and how the built environment can affect the person at a psychological and emotional level, and i think this is essential to successful architectural design. since in my opinion, design in interior spaces is an intimate creative process that requires an attention to detail and artistic ability. then i started to work in a firm that focuses on interiors and my passion grows more and more when i started to interact with people. learned how to work with a variety of people with different types of expertise and gained knowledge in applying the creative design process to a variety of scales and applications. i learned how to manipulate architectural spaces in a variety of environments, even those that were originally unfamiliar to me, and how to adjust to environments that were not my own. at the end all of this makes me an excellent communicator and a strong team leader where i have developed robust knowledge in hospitality interiors and architectural designs, providing excellent solutions with passion to space planning and a wide knowledge of materials and production of construction documents.  demonstrated ability to carry out project tasks in linear fashion and demonstrate successful completion of tasks within established budget parameters and meeting deadlines within those same parameters.,
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, adobe indesign cc, editing, concept development, and public speaking. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in interior design from ajman university of science and technology.
i am bissan, a graphic designer with lots of passion for what i do. i believe my role lies in improving the visual appearance and function of certain messages and information, not by attractive design pieces only, but with practical and functional ones too! i appreciate unique and unconventional design approaches that would make visual messages stand out and affect their target audience.   if you are looking for a freelancer, please contact me 
i am a graduate with a bachelor's degree in applied arts - graphic design major from the german university in cairo. i have past experience from working in multiple agencies with a focus on visual communication, branding, and ui/ux, and a very good knowledge in arabic calligraphy.
as a designer, i am someone who believes that a highly effective product definition requires insight into the intersection of design, business, technology, and the user. my strengths encompass defining the product vision, crafting compelling stories and designing seamless, human-centered experiences across complex ecosystems. i enjoy interfacing with clients, internal executives and product teams to bring innovative ideas to life. i also thrive on working with multidisciplinary teams, maneuvering through project and political challenges, and most importantly, envisioning experiences that delight users. i fundamentally believe that design can improve people's lives, transform companies and change the culture.    specialties ux strategy, ui design, innovation consulting, experience design, user experience, service design, design thinking, information architecture
need help with your app, your team, your strategy, the meaning of life  i integrate iterative, human-centered design with a broad systems perspective     and bring plenty of common sense to the table.   i've been teaching design, design thinking, and innovation workshops since 2010, with university students and within corporate/nonprofit organizations.  what do i do  - qualitative user research - graphic recording and sketchnoting - learning design and evaluation - design facilitation with multifunction teams - digital interaction design - html/css prototyping - usability testing - german -  english translation   what do i teach  - design thinking / human-centered design process, from beginning to advanced levels - visual communication & sketching - how to lead and design immersive, project-based workshops  i'm an english native speaker. i understand and read german, and can talk and write in german when paired with a native speaker.,mollyclare,
5+ years experienced ui specialist(user interface design ) . skilled in designing applications, user interfaces (ui),  web design , online ads, and newsletters. create design mockups and style guides using  wireframes and effectively communicate interaction ideas using various tools.  being a ui designer / ui developer, i ensure an excellent user experience and feel of the product on any given platform. my work is my passion and i really love my work, but even more i pleased when other people appreciate my creative efforts.  websites / wireframing/  prototyping/  appdesign / mobile responsive / email / brochures / flyers etc  also familier with  html, css, bootstrap, jquery / less / javascript / basic seo
with 20 years of solid and diversified project experiences from the philippines, qatar and the uae. vastly worked on commercial, hospitality, and leisure projects. skilled and adept in architecture and interior architecture design project delivery with career exposures in residential, commercial, hospitality, leisure, transportation and industrial projects. proven skills in delivering projects from concept all the way to construction stages using autocad and bim tools such as revit and navisworks where coordination, clash coordination and clash resolution against different building trades are critical priorities of the projects. analytic and has the initiative to coordinate with interdisciplinary teams and work autonomously on the assigned projects.
seeking a challenging opportunity to work in a product-oriented team focusing on building a user-centered product with keeping user usability and good aesthetics in mind.
a senior interior designer, with 8 years of experience in syria, turkey and the uae. she graduated from virginia commonwealth university in qatar in 2010 with two bachelor degrees one in interior architectural design and the other one in fashion design.  in 2014, she moved to dubai where she developed her skills in autocad, 3d max and became a senior in designing villas, car show rooms, and offices.,
deyse besckow daneze is user experience designer and started studying ux during college, in 2010. with a bachelor degree in design for universidade feevale, worked during a few time in shoe and leather industry, in vale dos sinos, as shoe designer, and for that already used the information collected from end users to develop shoe collections. also worked as ux researcher and designer at sap, where she could gather experience as a designer as well as project manager for saas products.,
i am professional creative graphic and uiux designer possessing three years practical experience in professionally sound environment in national and international organizations. to produce high quality of work, i have deeply learnt the graphic and material design theory. the dedication with work made me uiux certified from udemy, and got enrolled in a online graphic and uiux advance level course in the university of california. besides, updating knowledge and expertise regarding the designing tools remain my foremost priority to contest the competitors. i have proven experience in designing the web, apps, logos, print media, banners and social media posts etc, which enable me to work independently and competently on the projects to meet the client requirements.
a ux designer by trade focused on solving problems and designing products that would improve and add value in people   s lives. i am frequently seen asking a lot of questions like    why & how   , exploring, researching and covering detailed user scenarios, i also design ui to research, test, validate ideas with stakeholders.  one of my key traits are the ability to learn and unlearn! i always seek for advice & look at get feedback from people.  in my spare time, i love reading books (poetry, spiritual, bios & self learning). going for ux or tech meet ups, always appreciate a well brewed coffee and spending quality time with my family!
experienced graphic web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry. skilled in adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, adobe after effects, adobe creative suit, microsoft office, logo design, banner desig, wordpress. strong information technology professional with a php / mysql focused in php / mysql from comsats institute information technology abbottabad.
product designer with an agile mindset worked with multidisciplinary teams to improve products experience and solve problems that mattered most. data-driven decisions and hypothesis validation are the anchors of my design process.   worked previously with oath, yahoo, criteo and others.
designer based in berlin, she likes to mix eastern and western cultures, exuding a mixed blend of freedom, emancipation and traditional warmth.   whilst these worlds sometimes clash, they also attract each other and ultimately find a common bond  their long-established ancestral know-how.  since her early childhood, hala gharabawi developed a passion for embroidery and various ancient craft skills, as she wanders alone through fashion workshops, she conquers fabrics and materials surrounding her, visualizing every detail to perfection.  her fervor and commitment to craftsmanship naturally opened the doors of esmod, which she successfully completed in 2016, distinguishing herself with her talent, her innovation, and her dexterity.  during her studies, she completed 3 training courses with madame lucy in berlin, lomar in jeddah / saudi arabia and yahya al bishri in jeddah / saudi arabia.  in 2017, while hala gharabawi was still at the fashion university, she won the prestigious award of the 25th china international hempel award for young fashion designers and was able to show her first collection at the mercedes-benz fashion week in china / beijing.  it was then only natural that in 2017 she started showcasing her collections during berlin fashion week.  hala gharabawi is a contemporary couture passionate about modern tailoring. with her distinct and spicy creations, she builds bridges across cultures where east and west meet.   through her collections
i am an enthusiastic self-starter i know how to move forward without lots of supervision creating not merely great websites and mobile applications but exceptional interfaces. i can design and redesign websites and applications from the ground up. i have a portfolio of designs that shows fluency in sketch photoshop illustrator and creating wireframes as well as conducting non-biased user surveys  while maintaining focus on business goals i never lose sight of developing a maximized user-centered experience. that means meshing your client   s intent and the target audience. so whether we are talking librarians, heart patients, dog owners, or children, i can manage to understand their needs and tailor a solution that solves their problems and simplifies their life.
1.monitors, evaluates, and report performance of assigned projects to management. 2.managing the department for the execution of turnkey interior fit-out projects. 3.preparation budget proposals, and recommend subsequent budget changes where necessary. 4.nominate suppliers and sub-contractors based on the client   s requirements 5.assists, participates, and coordinates client meetings, contractor meeting, consultant meetings, and other meetings related to functional area and project under charge 6.collaborate with civil, mechanical and electrical engineers tendering stage  1. check up all tender drawings,boq and specs  2. measuring & quantity take-off from drawings 3. preparation and subsequent negotiation of tender submissions for interior designing projects 4. sending inquiries to subcontractors and getting quotations to ensure that only fair and reasonable pricing is recommended for approval  7. producing final bills of quantities. 8. doing site visits for information gathering and data collection. awarded project stage  1. meeting with clients to discuss decorating needs, room layout plans, and the functionality of a room or building  2. producing designs using hand drawings and computer aided design (cad), showing how the spaces inside the building will be organized and constructed to determine furniture location and overall room design. 3. selecting and specifying colors, fabrics, and furniture finishes and selection of furniture style function and configuration will be coordinated with customer's requirements  4. producing mood boards with the help of designing team  5. arrange meetings with suppliers to facilitate standardization and economical procurement. 6. preparation of comparative statements  7. issuing local purchase order of the required items necessary to meet the functional, operational, sustainability, and aesthetic needs of the facility 8. track the site progress and quality of work being performed by design disciplines/trades
an ambitious versatile interior designer, interested in both the residential and commercial design. i've taken on multiple leadership skills during and after my studies that has shaped me as a leader, a strong communicator, and a skilled designer.,
hi there, i'm a ux & product designer based in berlin with over 6 years of experience. i have experience in providing end-to-end design (from research to pixel-perfect interface) development for saas, e-commerce, b2b and b2c projects. my ux design strategy is based on finding the best solution that covers user needs and business goals.   if you have any questions don't hesitate and ask me right away  )
being passionate about designing from a young age led me to taking up a challenging career path keeping in mind my dads words     this pencil will take you to great success. his words came true as i held my design degree for the first time. it brought me to special people and opened windows of opportunities and a new beginning.  having worked in dubai for almost 4+ years , three of which were with studio 9 interiors that provided me with the opportunity to work on retail projects, for which the design concepts have been implemented & executed. i believe it is a great achievement having being the first 2 projects to be approved as a new gradate.   i moved on to a slightly different role in algedra trading & furniture in which my roles included coordinating and providing design support for soft furnishings. i handled sample & mood boards , proposals for furniture, lighting ,curtains & carpets. being a part of the sales team has given me the chance to improve and develop on sales skills something which i never thought i could possibly do.   salfo & associates has provided me with  exposure & insights into the real world of designing through which i   m able to exploit my abilities to the maximum. working on prestigious projects has led to gaining practical knowledge, vast learning opportunities & i'm looking to gain more experience & develop further in the same,
exterran,senior designer - instrumentation,i am professional graphic designer,  photographer, animator and videographer .     i am  professional who has three years work experience of working in uae and pakistani top organizations. during employment period, i have completed diversity of tasks which span from posters, visiting cards, banners, brochures, billboards, advertisements, magazines covers, social media covers, catalogues and t-shirts designing to logos creation, 3d work, programming, video creation, photography and picture editing. i designed navigation maps of famous 8 storey safa gold mall located in the capital city of pakistan. furthermore, my job was to design stage and banners for the president cup last year.     i am young, energetic and can work overtime in the peak hours of work load. for example, i worked from morning 9am to 12am at night in the days of numerous work
creative designer with 9 years of uae experience and demonstrated history of working in the exhibitions, events services & interior industry. skilled in event management, exhibitions and interiors, mall promotions and design professional with a diploma in 3d modeling & animation.,
experienced senior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. multi-cultural global organisation in-depth experience of the design process ranging from initial market analysis and concept ideation to styling development and high quality presentations for top management.,lilium
i am a high-end designer with over seven years of experience working in fast-paced design/marketing industries and with top level managements which includes vips and ceos. quick learner proficient in industry standard design projects.   an innovative, strategic, creative thinker with strong knowledge of the fundamentals of design, and is efficient in carrying out projects from conceptual to final production stages. dependable individual who can manage a diverse range of clienteles and delivers projects in the crunch. hard-working, versatile team player committed to producing consistent, high quality work for all clients.   most important of all, i love what i do and the work shows it!,mohamedmadi739,
my passion is designing ui/ux with abilities of conceptualization, planning and design web and mobile apps. i love working on and discussing user experience and user interaction with team in order to help project achieve its objectives.  i possess over 7 years of experience as a ui/ux designer working on divers projects. quick to grasp new concepts and love to innovate creative solutions to problems.
i   m marina merlin. i'm brazilian and italian currently living in berlin.  i'm a ux designer with a background in architecture and urbanism. after finishing the 400-hour intensive ironhack bootcamp in october 2019, i   ve been focusing on improving and creating new digital products that offer a top-notch user experience.  design thinking | benchmark | research quant/quali | persona and jobs to be done | brainstorm and hmw | prototyping | design system | agile | sketch | figma | adobe xd | illustrator | autocad 
i   m a lead designer with over 14 years of experience in design management and user-centered design at strategic, tactical and operational level. my main focus is to empower people in startups and corporate environments to create digital products and services that have true value for their customers.   what i   ll bring  design leadership for multidisciplinary and diverse design teams, design strategy, user-centered product discovery and innovation, user experience design, usability engineering and user interface design.,
a young and enthusiastic graphic designer always keen to learn and strive for the growth of the company.,tssc co. llc - uae,graphic designer
i am looking forward to work with a reputed organization, where i can utilize my skills to contribute the organization   s success as well as to prove myself as an asset to the organization.creative architectural, interior 2d&3d design with a strong background in project management, space planning,building  design construction and computer-aided design, seeking to take next career step with a respected design firm focused on creating world-class.,
interior designer, site supervisor,mozaik design engineering consultant,perfect fit with a combination of design, product, analytical, and out-of-the-box mindset.  reliable for solving complex issues. kpi oriented.  see portfolio compozio.com read the case studies medium.com/ kirillgorban  last case study on e-commerce checkout optimization ux approach.conversion-rate-optimization-challenge  let's start talking about your product challenges.  i'm ready to fill the gap in  - ux architecture and user flows - business analysis - strategy & concepts - data analysis and extracting insights  - user experience design - user interface - wireframing & prototyping  - user research - personas - user journey mapping - information architecture - ux leadership  - ux research - prototyping, wireframes, ia, mockups - cross-functional collaboration - usability testing - product design - digital strategy - competitive analysis  domains i   ve worked on   - iiot  - climate   - electronics  - clothes and shoes  - cloud services - insurance  - jewlery  - gifts    - automotive  - agriculture  - beauty  - cryptocurrency  - travel  - security   - advertisement  - leasure and entertainment  - industrial  - real estate  - home and living  - medical and health  - transport and logistics  - sport and fitness  - government  - expo  - education  - photography  - hosting  by project types   - marketplaces  - apps (ios and andriod)  - websites  - crms  - chatbots  - desktop apps  by tech  - blockchain  - computer vision  by availability - open for part-time - open for remote full-time and (or) part-time  let's talk about your challenges. drop a message now.
specialize in ui/ ux design with 8 years of experience. i specialize in e-commerce & research-driven design. i have work experience with uae, top brands, (majid al futtaim group, nestle, city walk, lamer beach, duplays sports, emirates advocates, uae companies, meraas group, deira city center, mall of emirates, phillips morris international.  i do wireframe, mockups, prototyping, analytics, and user testing. build fluid interfaces that are light, fast, robust and usable. my job is to understand your business requirements
core strength in  designing and developing digital ecosystems from scratch and craft the digital advertising journeys across all major bought, owned, earned, and shared digital media channels.  proven track record of leading and managing multiple local and multinational brands.,
architect  adetayo odulana is a design architect with sufficient understanding of the technical aspects of architecture. he is a critical thinker with sufficient knowledge of all stages of design including tender documentation and an understanding of the importance of freehand sketching. he has also demonstrated the ability to accept and apply constructive feedback.  he attained his bachelor of architecture degree from the american university of sharjah (naab accredited), with a design-build studio in his final semester. his extensive design based education plus his interest in product & industrial design, enabled him to develop a fascination with the act of making, thinking critically and creatively in design with a keen attention to detail.  thus far, he has gained professional experience designing projects and proposals, in azerbaijan, egypt, india, nigeria, saudi arabia and u.a.e. these projects range from single family villas to high rise & mixed use developments to master plan proposals. he was part of a team that were involved in the design of a distinctive, timeless and elegant 5 star hotel and a high rise residential tower along the dubai marina beachfront. in addition to those projects, he was also involved in designing the eagle hills marina _ address hotel & service apartments with killa design. he currently pursues new challenges as a designer at callisonrtkl.  adetayo strives to create spaces that evoke and explore all human senses and emotion that can be perceived while harmoniously integrating elements in its environment, the urban context and traditional plus contemporary techniques.  he looks forward to more opportunities to apply and develop his skills and abilities further, and to attain more appropriate and applicable skills, as an architect.,
i have completed diploma in electrical engineering on april 2001, and having 19+ years as lead & sr. electrical designer   gulf experience in offshore & onshore oil and gas, petrochemical, power, buildings industry, which my experience mainly in electrical model , design & detailed engineering,
product designer with a demonstrated history of working in the saas industry. skilled in web design, ux design, and content creation. anna received a dual degree in bachelor of business administration (b.s.) and economics (b.a.) focused on international business from susquehanna university.,
i have graduated from tarumanegara university of visual communication design. i've been able to work with truly interesting people, and i think my collective experience shows in my work. i'm completely self-taught when it comes to the work that i do. i learn from others and from mistakes that i make myself. i feel that this is the best way to learn while at the same time preserving originality.
i am a motivated creative designer with the ability to work as a team and personally, even in stressful work environments. i'm always looking for solutions to people's problems and trying to make people feel better about their lives with new attractive, functional and innovative designs.
i  am  a  professional  multimedia, graphics & interior designer  with great  creativity  and  project  design  abilities.  adept multitasker  with  the  ability  to  bring  simultaneous motion  vfx,  graphic  design  &  video  editing  projects  to completion with complete efficiency and accuracy. with  an  additional  i.t  knowledge  know  to  troubleshoot  a  computer  &  workstation  and  i  am  able  to work well independently or as a member of a professional team.
if you would like to view my work, i specialize in graphic designing field where i create beautiful, moving designs that my clients and their clients respond to in a positive way. i design everything from brochures, flyers, promotional ads, visiting cards, magazine covers and much more. i particularly love designing logos and corporate identity designs as this gives me the opportunity to design something that will represent my client's company in a way that is eye catching, attracts clients and provides a professional image of the company in the market place. i 'm focused, driven, exuberant about designs and i 'm sure i can design something spectacular for you.,
my qualification is concerned i completed diploma in (civil engineering)from mahatma gandhi university. presently i am working with zebian industries as an senior facades designer , a part from that i am contributing my 100% to accomplish my career goal.,zebian industries
i love solving problems through design which affects lives of millions of people. my core lies in understanding human behaviour and design what matters to them.   user experience designer skilled at experience planning, strategy, user research, interaction design, rapid prototyping, user interface design.  i practice design with empathy inspired by research. accustomed to traversing design challenges from value proposition to pixel perfect details.       drive to create design concepts by balancing between business and user goals.      possess strong design process, design thinking, product management.      practitioner of user centered design process.      expert proficiency level in a variety of design and prototyping tools like figma, sketch, adobe xd, axure, principle, flinto, photoshop, illustrator, after effects.      very strong attention to detail.,
seasoned professional with over 5 years of experience in developing digital projects from planning to delivery across platforms and global markets, leading cross functional teams and working close to senior management assisting on scoping and hiring.  experience with highly transactional projects, e-commerce platforms, apps and corporate websites.   ux design / interaction design / product strategy . research . industry benchmarks . stakeholder and user interviews . user and business analysis . mapping personas, user journeys process flows, empathy maps etc . information architecture, content strategy, sitemaps, navigation flows . scamping, wireframing (pencil & paper, axure) . prototyping (invision, proto.io) . user testing  tools . axure . invision . proto.io . omnigraffle . sketch . photoshop . illustrator . dreamweaver . aftereffects . indesign  tech . front-end  fluent . web standards, micro formats, table-less  . js, html5, css3, jquery
creative and innovative professional with knowledge of the latest fashion trends and familiarity with fashion history, well versed in color combination/code, manual designs and pretty passion for prints, patterns, and details. seeking opportunities to work in a professionally competent environment that encourages innovation and uses my skills and knowledge in fashion designing to make a mark in the fashion world.
,graphic designer/creative executive/ social media manager    focus.patient.determined.teamplayer.,to work in challenging and intellectually stimulating environment which offers avenue of growth ,based on capabilities and hard work . i want to utilize and enhance my knowledge to create value with my design skill and people management,favelifestyle,
senior project designer with proven skills in delivering interior, exhibition, event and retail design projects, with more than 6 years experience in mena and south korea. a team player with good communication skills with ability to ensure a design of projects is functional, safe and economical and to meet the needs of the client. easy going by nature and always look forward to meeting strong, creative minds.
senior ux/ui designer with 8+ years of experience, aiming to implement this experience in bridging the gap between business objectives and customers' desires, to create a cohesive relationship that leads to brand and service loyalty.
i'm a ux designer, specialising in wireframing & prototyping        bio  born and raised in bangkok, thailand. having grown up in iceland, britain, austria, and germany inspired me to develop interests in service design. with a passion for new technologies and business viability, i discovered my strength as a user experience designer. by applying the design process, using the appropriate design methods, i can design an impactful and user-friendly digital solution!       skills  wireframing, prototyping, ux concepting, ui designing, user interview, usability analysis, cardsorting, agile methodology, usability heuristics
i'm baker monther and i am from jordan current basely live in abudhabi,uae.   i`m excellent graphic designer with 3 years of experience in the fields of logo branding, stationery.   i'm a freelanced graphic designer with a disability of not able to hear but having a visual of understanding upon meeting and email or written conversation makes me work on my designs as per your request.  i wear a hear aid and i prefer being able to meet up in person or speak through email or chat, so i can understand better.  but won't be able to answer calls or speak on call caus of my disability. please bear with me and hope i can be working with you and your company for future endeavours.   skills   logo design, web design, branding and ui design, css, html, indesign, photoshop, illustrator. if you have a project i can help with, please get in touch.,
experienced interface specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the telecom, digital publishing, medical device, event management, software development industries. skilled in usability testing, user centered design, wireframing, xhtml, mobile applications, web design, and html. strong arts and design professional with a b.e focused in computer science from madhav institute of technology & science.,
mohammad mannaa, web & graphic designer. specialized in branding.       web design      graphic design      branding & identity       creating creative campaign       social media design      team leading       creative directing      basic copy-writing       basic projects analyzing   personal skills        passionate.       able to work in group/solo, under pressure, manage stress, teaching others & helpful.     high communications skills.     self motivated.     ability to meet deadlines successfully maintaining the quality of work.     fast learner.      commitment to continued training and learning.
fashion design is my hobby and my life, i worked in the teaching of fashion drawing and art,i like to drawing on fabric and canvas, i aspire to be a global brand in fashion design, and to work as a designer -fashion illustration- in a large company or fashion houses as sketcher
8 years of experience in delivering innovative design solutions for multi-platforms. specializing in shaping comprehensive user experience for desktop and mobile applications, i have lead user research and strategic design concepts within a team across the design process.   i love working in collaborative, agile, inter-disciplinary environments that stimulate both my technical and creative sides.  specialties   interaction design and documentation  user research, personas, prepare questionnaires, conduct surveys, user scenarios, card sorting, task flows, wire-frames, site maps, story boards, low and high fidelity mock-ups, visual design and design patterns, usability testing.  prototyping & production  low and high fidelity mock-ups on paper, with photoshop, fireworks, powerpoint
a usability enthusiast who believes that business success relies on explicitly understanding user needs and delivering the right product by empathizing with both the business and users to find optimum solutions to their problems that are effective, efficient and above satisfaction.
experienced creative artist,engel & v  lkers dubai,art director/designer,graduated  from faculty of fine arts, talented in design and painting, illustrate character cartoon and animation. eagerness to learn & understand new tasks and technical concepts   quickly and self-motivation and updating technical knowledge.
my main interest has always been in cultural impact of design aesthetics. design solutions and the process of it becomes always an interesting challenge that i love overcoming. over the years i have gained experience in multi disciplines which opens my creative block in many forms  all the way from planning to becoming real things. i would love to work in an environment and community with open minded creative people, who love to take risks and try new and bold measures towards 
a dedicated and versatile creative currently working at the tribe in dubai uae. over 10 years experience working with a broad range of clients, from sme's to large internationally renowned brands in a variety of sectors. primarily coming from a strong graphic design and typographical background, but with skills in a range of different mediums.  specialties include   branding, graphic design, typography, brand/corporate identity, brand guidelines, editorial design, packaging, exhibition design, illustration, art direction and photography.,
sr. ux designer & usability analyst offering over 12 years of expertise in working with an agile environment as ux designer & developer for a wide range of web, mobile and desktop application  currently associated with emirates nbd, dubai (marc ellis consulting). i have been analyzing, learning, and designing both b2b and b2c products. my work is entirely based around user-centric design separated into three  discovery, design, and testing.    key skills   user experience (ux)   ux research   wireframing   interactive prototyping   lo-fi and hi-fi prototyping   user interface design (ui)   user-centred design   information architecture   human interface guidelines   strategic design   data visualization    usability testing   visual design   ux strategy   html5/css3/flexbox   front-end development   agile environment
i'm an accomplished creative thinker, with a keen eye for detail, a strong technical ability and comprehensive understanding of adobe photoshop & adobe illustrator. i enjoy immersing myself in any given design brief with a get it done attitude while not compromising on quality. i   m a hard working and ambitious individual who has no problem following instructions from my seniors & clients. i   m looking to join a creative team of designers, and to work for a company that only hires the best.,
ux & ui designer with demostrable broad experience across web, mobile and apps.   passionate about user-centered design with wide variety of experience working for in-house teams, always working in line with business needs.   specialities  visual design, ux, information architecture, interaction design, ecommerce.,inmaortiz
a solution-oriented, efficient and passionate junior interior designer who is committed into bringing pro-active design concepts to the constantly evolving design world. skilled in autocad and 3d rendering softwares.,kidz inc.
creative design is the process of visual communication and problem-solving through the use of typography, photography, iconography and illustration. i have continuous desire in practicing and understanding the process involved in the cognitive, strategic and practical processes by which design concepts are developed. specifically, how successful marketing strategy are powered by quality designs.  i am available for freelance, partnership or full-time opportunities. specializing in identity/brand development for start-ups and established businesses. with a focus on concept-based design and simple branding solutions.  you can view few of my work below.  design is the silent ambassador to your brand by paul rand  designing various content is my childhood passion and transforming my imagination into computerized content is my profession. with over 6 years, i have experience working in the creative design and marketing industry.  i am a dedicated individual seeking to improve my knowledge and skills within the region of creativity. the following are the expertise skills i have acquired so far  -     logo & branding     web design     e-commerce setup     e-learning design     presentation design     content development     print design     motion graphics     video editing     seo/sem/smm/google analytics     it support  specialties  excellent knowledge of print production methods, corporate identity, typography, brand content / on-line design management, video storyboarding/directing, photoshoot direction, brand team management, coach and thought leader. with expert knowledge of agency and client process, utilizing resources and strategy in ways that benefit projects effectively.  punctuality of deliverable work of mine is accurate and i also offer modification on my deliverable work based on satisfaction. however, co-worker recommends working with me again and highly appreciate my initiatives.  i am looking forward for the opportunity to enhance my creativity and to also add great value to any community of people i find myself. kindly check through my credentials for your consideration and recommendation.   thank you.,
c/c++, python, data analysis (spss, matlab), machine learning embedded programming, research writing and editing ,
innovative graphic designer, creative art skills, highly self-motivated, goal-oriented digital/visual arts over 7 year track record demonstration strong and creative artistic skills, computer proficiency, and ability to follow through on projects from  inception to completion. works many types of graphics such as advertising, branding, characters design, 2d arts & mobile ux/ui games designing which can create joyful digital experiences and unique visual identities that tickle the brain, please the eyes and connect the hearts of brands to the hearts of their consumers.   strong experience in understanding business requirements and create concept layouts and user experience mock-ups based on usability guidelines and also maintained and implemented new guidelines. because of the various applications and designs i have been worked 7 years on a different positions in maysalward & games & communicates with international games companies & middle east games developers, so can easily communicate with ui developers and different teams and product owners to manage opinions and feedback that helps in the process of finishing the implementation in addition to understanding differences between multiple delivery platforms (such as mobile platforms vs web design )  ,and optimizing output to match the specific platform (responsive sites structure). 1 year & up to date in dermazone as directing arts & managing art & graphics lines in digital & printable, web graphic works for medical & beauty products advertisements.
as a graphic designer of over 20 years of experience, moving and inspirational visuals are at the heart of my expertise. with a solid understanding of atl, btl, digital media (including interface design and user experience planning) and conceptual thinking, my passion for memorable and effective communications is what inspires me. in my personal experience, when it comes to making ads, it's only a problem if there's a solution - and in my personal belief, through good graphic design, there is always a solution to anything.  specialties  brand identity, corporate identity, packaging, logo design, campaign advertising, website design, product reviews, adventure journalism.,essammuhanna
talented graphic design lead with 7 years experience in print and web design who is highly motivated, creative, and versatile. especially skilled in creating and directing corporate and new business design. adept at innovating user experience for the web and multimedia applications. exceptional interpersonal skills with team members and subordinates. accomplished at incorporating the desires of the client with a superior design solution. seeking a company that demands high-quality design to further business goals and professional image.  software tools  photoshop, illustrator, corel draw, indesign, adobe xd, inpage, lightroom, ms office  professional expertise skills  digital advertising/social media, reports/layout/book designing, line-arts, events designing, product/campaign banners, newsletter designs corporate branding, logo design, trade show display design, proficient on windows and macintosh os,iarslanmehmood
i have been interested in arts for all my life and to put a lasting my art's footprint in the world is my mission since my young age. i started to attend art school in my birth place prienai, lithuania, since i was 7 years old. after i finished it and got diploma there, i have continued attending the school having additional practice in it till finally i started to attend a private interior design courses in vilnius, lithuania. the courses with best of designers and architects gave me a lot of professional experience and opened the door to interior design bachelor studies in vilnius academy of arts where my passion for creativity provided me with best results of my grades. the studies gave me a unique experience for my career, that encourages me to always seek conceptualism and perfection in all my works while having an innovative approach to a problem solving undertaken in a fashion and creativity.    i do believe in value of international experience and so far i have been working with a few high-end interior design companies for baltic, nordic as well as middle east regions markets. i always do my best to grow in my field, be a creative designer as well as deep and independent thinker always pushing to achieve the best version of my artistic solutions. 
17 (fifteen) years of experience in the field of electrical , instrumentation & control engineering, detailed design and construction support for various projects in petrochemical, refineries, oil and gas industries. task comprise of the following  works involved electrical design calculations, 3d modelling, prepares project estimates, design and layout of detailed electrical layouts  works with necessary interface from the architectural, electrical, mechanical, and civil disciplines  specialties   pdms 12.0 (cable tray design, instrument design & cabling system). autocad 2014 (electrical & mechanical power pack) 2d & 3d. microstation (v 8i select series-2). lighting calculation software   s (agi32, dialux 4.12,relux) for indoor, road and area lighting. etap (basic knowledge ). ms    office (word, excel, power point). spr (smart plant review). navis works.
i am working at pko exhibition&events i am proud to him exhibition designer ,iam industrial designer graduate from applied art . working in industrial furniture & interior design. iam professional in some programme design like 3dmax & v ray render . autocad . photoshop . alias autodesign . solidworks. sketchbook designer . my work design such as ( kitchen design .living.bedroom.dressing room.) . work as a sales designer, meeting the clients and what's there demands and updated with the latest design trends in furniture design.  experienced in using planit fusion  - plan it by programme design  experienced in designing, technical details of shop drawing  experienced in designing, technical details of furniture design,
openers , promo , motion graphics . i have 13+ years of experience in the advertising field. i   m specialized in logo design, branding, magazines and printed designs. also i   m an expert in finalizing the designs and preparing them to the print production phase.  in addition to that i am photographer with an excellent knowledge in image retouching and color correction. i work on all company sizes, and capable of providing creative solutions to their business problems.,
i'm a ux designer with 4 years of experience of product management in berlin's tech scene, driving optimisation, build and growth of user-centric products and experiences. i'm passionate about creating  solutions to create positive impact on the goals of business and lives of users. my background enables me to take a structured, user-centered and research / data-oriented approach to my design process.   always happy to discuss new and interesting projects / ideas - don't hesitate to get in touch!
i eat pixels for breakfast.   design thinker. pixel pusher. dad.  a digital designer in the middle east whom had the chance to do exciting work with award-winning start-ups in mena region and dubai government projects. named and branded customs world   s flagship product - riise. 
experienced design manager with a demonstrated history of working in the construction industry. skilled in tekla structures, autocad, construction, steel structures, and concrete. strong arts and design professional graduated from university of calicut.,
motion graphics designer, painter, street art lover and skateboarding aficionado. i help brands, agencies and organizations tell exceptional stories through designing honest and meaningful narratives able to inspire and influence. 
a brief c.v. an out and out note  think on kata as a think- tank candidate. to find a power proof of him read his post- brexit project. it ensures you that kata would be an outdo option.  1) as strategist  researcher, designer of plans, projects and management systems from 1976 by now. (achievements  know more about publishing more than 250 articles in management, plans, projects, applied management systems, it, a  book in subject of     training scientific management for companies    and lots of plans, projects and systems in international trade.   2) as sales management  making two times a net- agent of distributors across country (within 17 years). (achievements   know more about managing few shops and ordering 5 lines of manufacturing at five workshops). 3) as sales and marketing manager  at an importer company, making a net- distributors (for two years) (achievements  know more about selling a product to end, which was before kata on the ground of zero sales). 4) as investment consultant  for setting businesses in dubai at both  at a company as commercial manager, and at self- employed - simultaneously. (for 8 years). (achievements  know about properties, setting up companies, outlet and imports experiences done within period.) 5) as foreign commercial manager  at an oil & gas company from 2008 by now on a part time basis, cum to other positions at that company as hr manager and strategist. 6) as startups designer  planner of 62 mobile application startups from 2014 to present at self- employed basis. {achievements  at the time being, i am now hardly overwhelmingly on mobile applications startups designing. until now 09/01/2019, nearly 62 startups have been designed, most of them are for the first time ever in its fields. in adding to
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the broadcast media industry. skilled in television, adobe photoshop, branding, after effects, viz rt and adobe creative suite. strong arts and design professional
i am a freelancer creative designer based in dubai with over 13 years of experience.  #freelancer #graphic #designer #dubai #reda,reda980,
my career has spanned over 10 years in the food service industry. over these years i have designed a good number of retail restaurants, 3, 4 & 5 star hotels, palaces and various commercial projects all over the middle east. during this span of 10 years i have worked with architects, engineers and end users to design food service facilities that best suit the culinary expectations. i did conceptual design, floor plans, mep drawings and utility rough-in/ schematics.  i also bring a wealth of equipment knowledge along with an extensive background in project management based on food service equipment installations.,
illustrator mit schwerpunkt auf fotorealistische bis realistische inhalte.  concept artist im film und tv 
experienced senior graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry. skilled in adobe creative cloud, advertising, branding & identity, adobe photoshop, and illustration. strong arts and design professional graduated from alquds college.,
im a true 360   multimedia designer. takes pride in delivering compelling and attractive products to clients and is fluent in all major designs, coding across various platforms.  i enjoys working on projects that involve a mix of graphic design, programming, web development, database management, and socialmedia. having 10+ years of professional it experience as creative designer, user interface/web designer. in depth experience applying graphic design principles to produce innovative, aesthetic and user-friendly web applications and websites. holds a master   s degree in computer science from mg university in kottayam, india.  excellent verbal and written communication skills, creativity, ability to deal with people diplomatically, willingness to learn, team facilitator, hard worker.  skills  website design & development user interface designs mobile application ui design online campaigns social media emailer/newsletters interactive presentations  specialties  user interface design, web / graphic design, web development, responsive html5, css3
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry. skilled in 3ds max , packaging design, logo design, coreldraw, and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional graduated from ghazi foundation.
harmony atelier interior design & decoration,as a graphic designer, i have worked on a variety of products and activities, such as websites, advertising, books, magazines, posters, product packaging, exhibitions and displays, corporate communications and corporate identity, i.e. giving organisations a visual 'brand'. working to a brief agreed with the client, creative director or account manager and will develop creative ideas and concepts. the appropriate media and style has to be chosen to meet the client's objectives. the work demands creative flair, up-to-date knowledge of industry software and a professional approach to time, costs and deadlines. my responsibilities were      meeting clients or account managers to discuss the business objectives and requirements of the job      estimating the time required to complete the work and providing quotes for clients      developing design briefs that suit the client's purpose      thinking creatively to produce new ideas and concepts and developing interactive design      using innovation to redefine a design brief within the constraints of cost and time      presenting finalised ideas and concepts to clients or account managers      working with a range of media, including computer-aided design (dtp  corel draw, adobe photoshop, illustrator, indesign) and keeping up to date with emerging technologies      proofreading to produce accurate and high-quality work      demonstrating illustrative skills with rough sketches and working on layouts ready for print      commissioning illustrators and photographers      working as part of a team with printers
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry.,onnet technologies and innovations llc,graphic designer
certified interior designer with 3+ years of experience creating crisp interiors for residential and commercial use. strong background in project management, space planning and and computer-aided design, seeking to take next career step with a respected design firm focused on creating world-class hospitality and living spaces. with my skill set, i am confident that i can make any client   s idea into reality.
i'm looking ahead for challenging opportunities in a well-established interior design company to grow my career in the right direction. a very good team player, very patient. organizes all the tasks in a manner to meet the deadlines. flexible in ideas as per requirements of the client's nature of project.
a confident, competent and imaginative interior designer with extensive experience of working. having an excellent commercial approach to solving problems and a proven ability to generate fresh solutions for the renovation of internal spaces, including structural alterations. an ambitious, creative and dedicated design professional eager to gain experience in a creative environment.  now looking for a new and challenging position, one which will make best use of my existing creative skills and experience and also further my personal and professional development.
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the construction industry. skilled in autocad, elevations, sketching, drawing, and rendering. strong arts and design professional with a master of quality management focused in business administration and management, general from university of wollongong in dubai.
i am an accomplished designer  with a diverse background who is self motivated and results driven with strong work ethics and integrity. i possess over 1 year in fashion designer at haute arabia.  skills   fashion design fashion consulting fashion illustration fashion shows  done my master degree in fashion designing from university of arts , london
four years of graphic design experience in the advertising field, including client needs assessment, layout and design, illustration, and photo retouching. proven proficiency in creating logos, ads, brochures, newsletters, stationery, and publications with experience on freehand drawing and painting. professional and excellent client relations, design, and problem-solving skills.,
i'm a graphic designer. i love design like many people and i can work anywhere on my laptop, i'm constantly taking photos with my phone for inspiration, so really my phone and computer are what i rely on most. on my free time, i go for running, swimming, and sometimes i like to try creating.
i am a mobile developer since 2013, i have developed multiple application for android. i also like teaching and have my own youtube channel, teaching different programming languages and adding daily videos about programming.
a motivated and extremely enthusiastic graphic designer who is versatile and hardworking. i would define myself as a well mannered and highly determined to anything i approach. i try my best to engage myself with everything and always attempt to do the work to the best of my ability.,multi platform network,graphic designer
+10 years of professional experience in graphic designing, marketing & brand management.     excellent command on arabic / english typing and fonts. full branding / brand consistency / brand guideline / marketing / creative writing / print media / sketching / infographics / visual arts / merchandising / guidelines / typography / marketing campaigns/ sketching.     proficient in both mac & microsoft platforms.     experience in digital ceramic printing.     strong conceptual and design aptitude.     expertise in managing and designing marketing collateral with creative ideas including ads, corporate identity, brochure, periodical, newsletters, posters, billboards, pos displays, packages, business cards, calendars, presentations, cd covers, labels, and website templates.      able to grasp and adapt to new technologies.     excellent written and verbal english communication skills.     able to meet tight deadlines and work well under pressure.     a result-oriented professional with a strong work ethic.     ability to handle multiple tasks through excellent project management skills.     able to convert concepts into the artistic design and computer-generated graphics.     knowledge of printing techniques and photography. software   adobe photoshop, adobe premiere, adobe illustrator, adobe indesign
,self motivated, creative and detail-oriented front end developer and graphic designer with strong conceptual and ui design skills. my technical expertise includes fluency in photoshop, illustrator, wordpress, figma, html, html5, javascripting (jquery) etc.   i never met a color i didn't like  dale chihuly
a twenty something architect with majors in interior designing.  my designs speaks out loud of how i am in real life, very joyful & cheerful and sometimes just way too elegant!  i can endlessly talk about life in multi-colours and travel.
interior designer/architect, having completed a ba  in architecture and civil engineering, based in dubai.   mission l to design living your life, where you want it, as you like it, as you   ve always lived it, as you   ve wanted to. leading in style, sophistication, creativity, passion and adventure. aware you are the center of every room the focus of every eye, the fantasy of every mind.
a designer, artist, researcher, and forever a student constantly learning on this strange spaceship we call earth.  a designer knows (s)he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. -antoine de saint-exupery,mirandakk22,
interior designer with more than 8 years of experience in creating and designing commercial and residential spaces.maintained up to date and current with the latest trend and traditional interior concept used in different cultures. has a thorough knowledge of fine arts and architecture.  responsible for designing spaces inside buildings. selects color schemes, window treatments, hardware and lighting fixtures, carpet, artwork, paint, and furniture. works with architect on layout of rooms.   goals and objectives   ensuring management and execution of interior design work (high-end apartments and hotel) in accordance with company procedures, and the requirement of the director of my client. lead a small team of designers (architecture and interior designers) in the delivery of design solutions which meet the client   s cost, quality and compliance requirements-for new-build and refurbishment projects. apply design management procedures to support the design work of the interior design team. coordinate with, and integrate the design of, related design disciplines (architects, mep engineers, structural engineers, and specialist designers), contractors and sub-contractors. provide collaborative leadership and support to clients and colleagues.
cl  ment is a french industrial designer with 12 years of experience.  creative and passionate about innovation, technologies and product development process  he has worked on a variety of different companies including huawei, unilever, lg, samsung, siemens medical in the areas of b2c and b2b equipment such as complex telecommunication and medical systems.  he has extensive experience in design research and user-centered design, conducting interviews and contextual inquiries across europe, us and asia to develop projects from end-user insights to final design delivery.  prior to joining huawei technologies as in-house designer, cl  ment worked in design consultancies frog design and design continuum. he graduated with a master-level degree in industrial design at    institut sup  rieur de design    in france in 2005.,
as a visual designer i help early stage startups with everything from branding, product design, video and investor decks.
i'm a ux designer who loves to illustrate. focused towards work that integrates my skills towards developing interactive design projects.
a professional graphic designer with 7-8 years experience, specializes branding, campaigns concepts, and web design. my experience covers digital and offset design requirements for all marketing, advertising, and e-commerce in both english and arabic.,
i am working in dubai as a 2d/3d animator, graphic designer & digital designer i have done bachelor   s in media science, my majors in animation. my passion is design, photography, traveling, vlogging, and vfx. i am obsessed with these and i love to learn more about it. i over-think stuff, i obsess until things are perfect, i make mistakes, and i fix them. i constantly want to be better than i am and i love art, animation, design & film making. i can make animated 2d/3d videos to publish it on your website, social networks to educate the client about your products about your company or your clients  i can do static & animated graphic design or gifs (social media content, web banners, newsletters) to tell the world about your company/clients  i can do beautiful product/fashion photography and videos project for your clients, i have worked for known names-clients in uae like emaar, ferrari world, subway
interior designer with 5+ years of diversified work experience in fit out, commercial and residential projects.  expert in design, presentation, management, construction detailing and multiple software.
architect & interior designer    a motivated, confident, dynamic and efficient architect and interior designer with an experience of working on many residential and commercial projects, having supervision of the execution on several architectural buildings and interior spaces, a proven ability on solving problems and finding solutions for the renovation works, creative and delicate designer and team leader, now seeking for a challenging position, where my skills and experience will be employed and developed.,
i am a ux designer who specialises in the creation of maintainable, meaningful and beautiful design solutions.,
hi! i'm an interaction designer from italy. my strengths are problem analysis and ideas generation.  after my bachelor's degree in industrial design, i decided to move my university career in the interaction design field (master degree in visual and multimedia design). i have professional experience as an interaction designer working with companies such as fabrica, huge and nokia.  specialties  problem analysis, opportunity definition, ideas generation, user interface design, graphic and interaction design development, team work, typography.,
creative interior designer with a strong background in space planning and contracting, have the ability to work on small and big scales projects, expertise in coordinating all facets of design with a proven success in team working to achieve the project goals and client's satisfaction.
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, adobe photoshop, space planning, architectural design, and sustainable design. strong arts and design professional with a bsc interior designing focused in interior architecture from mangalore university.,
i am a user experience designer with over 15 years experience, with a focus on enterprise ux and a deep knowledge of ux methodologies.      i currently design seamless experiences and user-centric customer journeys using design thinking methodologies at zeiss digital innovation partners, enabling and accelerating the digital transformation of zeiss  speed and  scale.       my scientific background allows me to strive on technical and complex subject matters. my strengths lie in a strong analytical approach, an attention to details above average, and some well-developed empathy skills toward users, stakeholders and team members.       my professional experience spans across the full cycle of product design to create intuitive and engaging user experiences, solving problems to meet business goals. i have participated in a wealth of projects and led teams toward product excellence in various fields such as telecommunication, search engine optimization, legal, education, medical and optical engineering.      i had the chance to study and work in 7 countries over 3 continents and currently live in munich, 
researching, structuring, prototyping, innovating and designing the new age of financial technologies    product design has always been a passion of mine, with more than 8 years experience in the field i do what i love most, finding solutions for complicated problems in a visual way.,fad1988,
experienced product designer with a demonstrated history of working in complex industries like data,  logistics and supply chain industry, healthcare and business. skilled in mobile applications, start-ups, product design, user experience (ux), and user interface design. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor focused in communication and media studies from university of southern california.,ashxadamson,
over the last three years i have developed my skills rapidly in creative print projects such as, editorial designs, branding and logo designs, posters, photomanipulations etc. along with that i, now, possess intermediate animation skills. with these skills and abilities i am confident that i can undertake creative graphic design projects and contribute towards company's objectives.
i   m a motivated product designer currently working with the united nations and i live in dubai, uae. i have excellent experience in digital ui and ux design  i am super motivated by ucd and empathy, to focus on users and their needs in each phase of the design process by involving users throughout the design process via a variety of research and design techniques to create highly usable and accessible products for them. i have the ability to work with many different types of tastes with many different types of teams.,ismail_biltagi,
urban design and planning professional with architecture background having 5+ years of work experience in india and middle east,atkins,urban designer
a confident and creative designer who is self-motivated, self-sufficient and comes to you with a strong background in both print and digital media. i am also interested in growing my skills in a full time job in the field of graphic design.  my u.s citizenship makes it easier for me to travel. i am interested in finding a full time job in dubai.,philosophy 360 marketing consultancy
experienced designer skilled at solving large-scale problems using a design-thinking framework. i love working with product, engineering and design teams to find innovative and compelling solutions with great user experience. proven skills in user research, ideation, wireframing, visual design, prototyping and usability testing.,mr_hakeeb
i'm a creative designer, specialized in web designing, graphic designing and mobile application ui/ux designing. experienced in adobe creative cloud (photoshop, illustrator, dreamweaver, flash, fireworks, edgeanimator, indesign premierpro etc..)  i love building clean, unique, usable web sites, graphic designing and application`s ui creation.  a clear interface has always a more effective way to communicate the message that we want to put on users mind. i strive to create user experiences that are engaging, intuitive and of course, beautiful and always easy on the eyes.  i have a great time working on my projects, i hope users enjoy them too..,shabimohmed,
user interfaces designer with experience of building mobile first design solutions.  perfectionist at your service. making effective design not art.,sharethemeal
experienced interior architect with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. skilled in autocad, hand drawing, sketchup, 3ds max, vray, and adobe softwares related to graphic design. strong arts and design professional graduated from university of sharjah.,
i believe that the right tactics of marketing activities leads to the business bloom. the right image of your brand is the first key to show what you do, and the rest has to be proven by appropriate marketing solutions.  i am practicing on graphic designs and social media platforms, this passion helps me to understand importance of details and make the idea reach to the audience easier - creating art is my joy. i like to be a part of a team that helps each other to find a solution. i care about building good and trustworthy relations with people. ready for challenges and excited about learning new skills. i am artistic and creative individual.  in my point of view, the touch of art and creativity reveals each person as a unique individual.,
i speak design. my job is to use this skill to help designs speak human.  at work, people call me speedy gonzales, but even with my speed, i never forget details that i consider crucial for innovation and pixel perfection.  when i   m not on the job, i love to play video games, hiking, working my way through every recipe in the family cookbook, and indulging my love for seeing new places.  what fulfills me most is finding imaginative solutions for complex problems and moving ideas from good to great. my greatest expertise is in digital design, ui/ux, social media, brand identity design, content creation and advertising.  if you have a project i can help with or you   d like to learn more about how my skills can help your company, please get in touch.  
an honest creative individual that loves to create a space sensitive to the context and is site responsive by making use of both technical and aesthetical knowledge into a design frame.h
i am a designer specialized in creating user-centered designs for the web and mobile applications. i believe good design is vital in any environment and plays a big role improving our daily lives. i love creating experiences for different devices and channels, giving attention to the environment in which they are used in, and pride myself in being able to translate a complex system into something very simple and beautiful.
experienced senior user experience designer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. strong information technology professional skilled in user scenarios, wireframing, information design, persona, and heuristic evaluation.,
experienced freelance architect with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture , interior design & planning . skilled in autocad, microsoft office m lumion , google sketchup and adobe photoshop. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture focused in architecture engineering from international university for science and technology.
creative interior designer ,i am passionate about service design and its possibility of increasing efficiency for businesses by creating satisfying customer solutions through a user-centered, yet holistic approach. with a background in the fields of media management and design technology i could see a high potential in bringing my areas of knowledge together in the growing discipline of service design and decided to move further into this direction by doing a master degree in service system design.  on my journey to becoming a service designer i had the opportunity to collect experience in different design agencies and consultancies, applying my service design skills to develop innovative products and services for different cultures and contexts. get an impression of my work from my portfolio below.  i feel at home in an international environment, and i am always curious about new challenges, adventures and getting to know inspiring people. feel free to contact me.
passionately curious about fashion, cultural studies, and technology. aiming for culturally relevant and experimental designs while possessing excellent software skills, production experience, and business administration background.
experienced designer with a demonstrated history of working in the market research industry. strong arts and design professional skilled in microsoft word, pre-press, digital printing, mockups, and vinyl banners.
architectural lighting designer with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry. skilled in research, autocad, comcheck, adobe photoshop, and adobe creative suite. strong arts and design professional with two master of arts - ma focused in architectural lighting design and architecture from hochschule wismar.
ambitious, tenacious, and well-accomplished user experience designer/researcher with 8+ years of extensive experience in designing digital experiences and front- end development.  vast experience with client and stakeholder relationships, along with project management, leadership and strategy.  excellent verbal and written communication skills, creativity, ability to deal with people diplomatically, willingness to learn, team facilitator, hard worker.  here's some of the courses i've invested in (international certifications)  - human-computer interaction - hci - interaction design for usability - mobile user experience (ux) design - the psychology of online sales,
i'm a graphic designer i take each and every project  as an opportunity to broaden my knowledge and skills. my goals are to overcome my fears and to achieve next best level of mine ,  i am not perfect . so, i'm open to feedback.
always keen to learn new skills.  versatile and self-motivated person. passionate about challenges and pushing myself to the maximum.  right after my bachelors, i started my career with coding for mobile application. computers were always my passion since childhood then started loving and understanding programming during my bachelors.  i became a team leader within 2 years of my career for managing a small team but highly motivated and with plenty of projects.  i have learned to work in small teams with big challenging projects.  have experience in various programming and scripting languages from c++, java, objective-c, python to html, php, css, js.
i'm a passionate designer and artist, my skills are developed over time with hand drawing skills and professional knowledge of all adobe programs with additional matrix 8 training and rhinoceros 3d drawing and rendering,self study
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in archicad,lumion, autocad,3ds max,microsoft office , customer service, sketchup, and adobe photoshop  strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in interior design from jami'at al-yarmouk.,
young experienced architect with 4years of professional experience, working with complex project types across the middle east and india.   my curiosity, persistence and the ability to forge strong connections along with the ability to communicate complex solutions to clients in an accessible, relatable way has led to lasting, trusted relationships with clients such as tim hortons, beverly hills polo club, bottega veneta, jamie oliver, aldo, jucie couture, dubai mall, etc.,  i have gained a wide range of skills in the practice of architecture including building design, interior design, master planning, client management and business development.,
berlin-based ux/ui designer committed to finding the perfect balance between beautiful and clean, accessible interfaces for all. i'm a listener before a speaker, genuinely curious about human behavior and what drives people to do what they do. i am experienced in team leadership, managing international teams both remotely and in-house.
a creative individual with a passion for design, i love to create designs that are unique and set apart my work from others. i always try to improve my skills, learn fast, be innovative and a team player.,
i am a ux researcher and designer with a background in human technology interaction, i serve as an intermediate between technology and people. i work on improving people's interactions with technology and products using user-research and strategic design principles. enhance the efficiency, effectiveness, and satisfaction of technology and products people use every day. i am also keen to look into behavior change, by analysing the conceptual, perceptual models of people when using products and technology.     expertise  quantitative and qualitative user research, ux design, interaction design, service design
big picture thinker, innovator and music lover.  implementing solutions with a positive impact that brings people together.,
architectural lighting designer,  a creative and practical individual who has attained training and education in the fields of engineering and design. specialised in interior and lighting design and has task specific experience in the field. inspired, spirited, passionate about lighting design and have a foundation of technical skills.
i am a berlin-based product designer focused on setting up a collaborative user-centred design process in the agile environment. my strengths are to act upon user feedback in fast-paced environments, working closely with developers and get other team members involved in a user research session
highly creative and multi-talented graphic designer with extensive experience in print design, web design (front-end). exceptional collaborative and interpersonal skills  dynamic team player with well-developed written and verbal communication abilities. highly skilled in client relations and negotiations, accustomed to performing in deadline-driven environments.
passionate about making products like in google's motto focus on the user and all else will follow, i believe great user experience makes the product. from planning to execution, i get excited about how different the whiteboard looks every other day.   making impact i am honored to be a part of the fulbright family, more importantly, i think about making a difference on a daily basis.   curious by nature having grown up as a hoarder of books, i love reading, listening to podcasts, and attending conferences to stay ahead.   motto  my heart is in the work (andrew carnegie).  fun fact  my name is understood better when written as 2rule and i use bob as my starbucks name.,
highly skilled in professional tools adobe suite  photoshop, illustrator, indesign. master   s degree in graphic design. 8+ years    experience in graphic and art design with leading multinational organizations. team player with ability to lead and manage others. diligent, organized with excellent communication and management skills.strong client oriented professional work ethics. skilled in critical team analysis & independent decision making lead the creative artist team to achieve major project objective and involved in organization team building activities.    ,
experienced junior graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in foreign languages, typography, adobe indesign cc, graphic design, and branding. strong arts and design professional with a degree in graphic design from easd val  ncia and dit dublin. an open-minded character and a real team player.,
i am a civil engineer by profession and i have been working in architectural and interior firms, for the past 15 years in india & uae as well.  as per my job profile, i am responsible for preparing the architectural and interior jobs. i have involved in many multi-storied building projects, star hotel projects, metro station projects, small scale building projects, marine accommodation,     offshore accommodation modules, etc.  currently, i am working as an architectural designer engineer in marine construction company in drydocks world - dubai, uae
i'm an architect, interior designer with over 14 years' experience, during that period i was exposed to the various aspects of the architecture and interior design business . i have been working as a freelancer since 2010.  -collaborates effectively with all project stakeholders to deliver sustainably-built facilities that exceed client expectations.  -proficient at completing spatial and aesthetic analysis and determining a design plan, choosing furniture, accessories & flooring and developing architecture blueprints. -efficiently and innovatively conceptualize, develop, and finalize all interior design aspects of projects within the time frames and budgets.  -ability to be team member or team leader focused on assigned tasks within a project.  -coordinate and assist other multi-disciplined project teams.  -comprehensive and problem solving skills to listen and understand multifaceted design problems and issues relevant to client needs . -expertise in product knowledge of interior finishes and furnishings.,
hello, i'm a experience designer living in berlin, germany if you are interested on my work visit luanamoura.com  for 16 years i've been working with design in a broad range of disciplines including information architecture, ethnography, user experience, graphic design, development, front-ending, marketing, and promotion. now focusing on creating customer-centric strategies, products and interactions for clients such as zalando, motorola, telefonica, johnson & johnson, dell, avianca, ef englishtown
by profession and passion i am graduate graphic designer (branding-art direction-advertising) and photographer (nature-film-travel) as well. experienced visualizer with a demonstrated history of working in the design agencies and internet industry. skilled in graphics, photography logo design, and advertising. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of fine arts (bfa) focused in graphic design from college of art and design, lahore, 
creative interior designer with 4 years experiance and have strong background in space planning, computer aided design and architectural 3d visualisation.,future makers general contracting & design company
pursuing an interior design position that gives me a good opportunity to showcase my skills and to embrace my extensive education and work with a design team that will further my experience and knowledge.,arki group design llc,interior designer
a diversified background of over 2 years in the engineering, design and building construction management. experience includes work with consulting engineers, general, mechanical, electrical, and specialty contractors on projects in the commercial, industrial, institutional, corporate,and residential in the private and public sector. this experience covers input from pre-construction planning to start-up and commissioning of systems for beneficial use and turns over to the owner.
i am a ui designer with good knowledge in user experience, always love to create valuable projects by focuses on business goals, users needs, app flow, and simplicity at design.  my process to create any projects  - understand product specifications and user needs. - find creative ways to solve the problems. - create scenarios, app flow, and wireframes. - design the ui for ios, android, and web applications. - create a prototype and screens app flow for presenting the ideas and handover to developers. - after that will start testing the app to make sure that everything goes all right.
leo zakour is a designer, entrepreneur, project manager, product owner, and many other things. currently, he is co-founder and ceo of bons, a leading digital agency of over 30 designers and developers focused on building beautiful experiences for forward-thinking companies and startups.   leo has been a digital creative for 15+ years and honed his craft in roles across ui/ux, digital branding, web/mobile applications and product design. thanks to that wide experience, bons is a full service digital experience agency, combining meticulous, cutting-edge development methods with elegant, modern design.   over the last 8+ years bons has built web applications that help governments operate more efficiently, digital products that increase and sustain productivity, a host of design and development tools, and countless websites and digital experiences.   as a modern web agency, we leverage both our deep technical knowledge and our experience with the newest tools and technologies to build digital products the right way. from fully-coded and custom to low code to some combination of the two, we adapt for each unique experience.  leo is also the founder and ceo of produck
a highly creative, multi-talented visionary having 5 years of demonstrated expertise in corporate brand development, ui design, and conceptualizing innovative design /development. have in-depth knowledge of illustrator, xd, and photoshop. a result-oriented professional who ensures timely delivery of the projects. skilled in all aspects of design which includes brochures, flyers, logo design and all other marketing collaterals designed to strengthen business competence. offers a creative flair, originality and a strong visual sense to the projects i undertake. collaborate effectively with internal & external teams to ensure corporate brand guidelines & goals are achieved.,
i am seeking a position with a growth oriented organization that will enable me to make use of my abilities and education in the field that will offer me to opportunity for increasing level of responsibility and profession growth. my experience, skill, and abilities will suffice your requirement.
electrical engineer interested in challenging job opportunities with high qualified techniques and skills based electrical power and machines engineering study 
a project is successful based on the impact you leave behind and the dynamics within a cross-functional team. i am a committed team player and focused on efficiently doing my role as a ui designer as well as supporting other team members.
i am an independent design consultant, educator, trainer, design leadership coach and writer who helps clients build and grow their own design and innovation capability to transform their organisations.   previously worked at fjord where i was group design director of client evolution, a global role sharing fjord   s wealth of design and innovation experience to help clients build and grow their own capability and transform their organisations. i also co-wrote fjord   s 2019 and 2020 trends.   i co-authored the rosenfeld media book, service design  from insight to implementation and am a rosenfeld expert.   i have nearly 30 years    experience in design and innovation with clients across a range of industries, including financial services, public services, insurance, healthcare, telecommunications, automotive, media, design and education. i hold a phd from the university of technology, sydney.,apolaine
i have degree of bachelor in computer science, diploma in architecture & experience in constructions. i have experiences as building designer, quantity surveyor & estimator, site supervisor, website developer & seo expert. my prior experience was in information technology, engineering and constructions.
i am an interior designer with 10 years    experience plus valuable sales background. i believe that my sales background is a strong point in what i do as i had the chance to directly interact with customers and i learned a lot on how to listen, discover, observe, communicate and respond with best possible solutions for clients.   choosing to practice design as my profession was an easy decision, as my first exposures to construction environment started early in my life, waking up the passion for design- with my father being in the field for over twenty-five years        my design career path is strongly related to interior design products and it is a privilege to work with best known design furniture manufacturers. it is a privilege to be involved in looking after showroom set ups, always keeping client   s interest in mind, as i believe that it is important to make them feel at home and to say    i want my home designed here             i know, designing spaces is not an easy task, but a very challenging one   and sometimes even confusing, considering the abundance of styles and products, issues to address       i do my best to deeply engage with my clients in their design journeys, looking to take them somewhere new, looking to create their own design stories and as a result, each project is different, reflecting their own visions. each project is about my clients.     nothing brings more pleasure then knowing that my clients    emotional relationship with their homes grows and becomes more satisfying with time, living & enjoying the life style that we created together through good design. my number one intension is elevated clients    experience and i love every minute of the whole process! and so, i find my job meaningful every day, realizing i could help others.     i believe in designing with love and that good design should feel un-designed.
i have 14 years experience in german & italian kitchen designing (leicht,deltogo).i was going on site to take the site dimensions for kitchens & wardrobes projects. i have the ability to handle the clients and projects from start till installation of the project.i can speak english & arabic fluently and can handle the local clients.i am working in compusoft winner programme from past 13 years in kuwait with hassan abul company a branch of united supplier (dubai).i was making electro mechanical for all the kitchens in autocad.now i am looking for a job which is similiar to my work experience in this field.,interior  designer seeking job as  show room manager 
web designer ,web developer cell  +974 55922852    seriously looking forward for new challenge.    web develop & wordpress theme developer & with experience.   programming languages       html /html5     css / css3     bootstrap     javascript     jquery     ajax     php     mysql,web-development
8 years experience in ux design, ux designer, user experience, mockups, prototypes, wireframes, sketch, invision, prototyping, interaction design, usability testing, mobile first, user-centered design, customer experience, service design, human centered design, concept design, service innovation
experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. skilled in autocad, commercial design, microsoft word, adobe indesign cc, and sketching. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor interior design focused in interior design from institut superieur des beaux arts sousse.
9 years experience in all stages of analog, rf and mm-wave circuits and systems design     experience in telecommunications standards and testing (gsm, w-cdma, lte, lte-a)     experience in automotive driver assistance and radar (e.g. bsd, acc) operating at 24/77 ghz as well as 60 ghz     experience in tests and measurements (t&m)     skilled at automating measurement setups and system modelling using matlab, python, etc.     comfortable with using ads, mwo, altium, cadence, matlab, simulink, vhdl, and object-oriented programming (java, c, c++, c#
i am a dynamic and ambitious architect with five years of experience on various projects in fields such as retail design, f&b, corporate and industrial. after graduating with a bachelor   s degree in architecture, i worked with design boulevard in bangalore for 1 year during which i have seen many projects through from their concept stage to completion. soon i moved to dubai and started working with a consultancy firm called sm+d as design team lead/architect and later shifted to a fit out firm called evolve interiors where i'm working currently.
i am a freelance digital designer and front-end web developer making brands visible through smart design. with experience at global network agencies and with my personal freelance practice. i have worked across different disciplines creating meaningful experiences for brands of many sizes.   passionate about the intercessions of art, technology, and design. i have taken up web-development and coding to better understand how to tailor my design services to elevate tech companies through ux/ui and brand building - and i   m still learning more everyday.   ive recently relocated to berlin and its bustling start-up scene from where im trying to make the internet a better (and more beautiful) 
artistic approach is a path that leaves many options since the art is what it reflects a viewpoint through the chosen colors. he uses the creative medium as catalysts to uncover the true self.   sijin's relationship with creativity started very young when he was inspired by the great raja ravi varma, and mf hussain. an artist is always in a struggle with perfectionism, and after learning how to cope with the nuance of perfectionism, that's when he decided why.  and that is why he is an artist. he chose this profession because it gives him the power to generate unlimited ideas and possibilities. it is always like coming home to your creative soul. with all the hard work, sijin is the designer  sijin specialised in instilling life into fantasy, he is a multi-disciplined professional with artistic versatility. having hands-on in ui designing, illustrator, painter, and photography. he has worked on web and art projects in dubai/united states/new zealand and even had his own international art exhibition.  with a wide range of technical know-how and the aesthetic sense, he becomes the ideal central resource for creating great visuals and ideas.,sijingopinathan
passionate user experience designer with a strong technical background in computer science. i build prototypes, user flows and other deliverables to help the stakeholders making decisions, cooperate with other colleagues to deliver great products that meet user needs and business goals.
experienced ux/ui designer, art director & illustrator with a demonstrated history of working in the educational industry. skilled in graphics, user experience & user interface, logo design, branding & identity, and advertising. strong arts and design professional with a background focused in graphic design from the art institute of vancouver.,
experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of work in various industry. skilled in branding, advertising, image editing and video production. strong arts and design professional with a bachelor's degree focused in public relations, advertising, and applied communication from polytechnic university of the philippines.
due to my experience in production sound recording and sound editing for film, i am the person who acts in dialogue with the production. i have a conceptual vision of how the film is supposed to sound and i can supervise the sound crew accordingly. i have experience lecturing and teaching film sound.
i am a creative person with many skills. i am a very fast learner and an open mind thinker. the way i see and the way i think is totally different from a regular person. i start from there where many people give up. one thing i enjoy most is to break the limit. i love competition because that is the only place where i can prove myself. i know myself very well and i know what i am capable of doing.,colorqo_studios,
beginning in 2002 and spanning over 16 years' experience in the field of civil engineering especially in roads, infrastructure, and earthwork as senior civil autocad, civil3d & microstation technical engineer, including over 2 years    experience in golf course project. prepare drawings, topographical and relief maps used in civil engineering projects, such as highways, bridges, storm water, sewerage, portable water, irrigation / firefighting networks,
experienced sculptor with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry.  software is just a tool - understanding basics of geometry is the key to achieve purity to design.    skilled in autodesk alias automotive. startup-standup