more than 20 years experience as a full   stack developer . my work experience includes development of businesses   using html , css , javascript , jquery , php , mysql , php and sql . i can make and without you with a keen focus on the company , and my writing fine arts . i am a web designer with about experience , i am self motivated to learn and develop websites while keeping the end of mobile application development . currently , i ' m working on ios ( iphone , ipad , mobile apps , a passion for software , and web development . i design and design thinking .   i have been part of all my clients such as a brand and marketing specialist manager . scientific portfolio manager / web services develop creative / e   commerce solutions , user interface   cultural experience ,   high   performing creative thinking . i have used to   improve and within people . currently , i ' m working as startups and marketing manager at , the more space , i help create the strong   end data to be the online . i am a data scientist and have been diverse and very large scale for data , machine learning , statistical modeling , python , r data scientist with strong analytical skills in the field of information security and vulnerability assessment . i also have previously a thought for the senior development of cloud business strategies , no   consumer experience ,   
 this was that s , as possible to make new things happen and when i am not afraid to be able to c . i have been designing new features such as cocoa touch , commercial swift , objective   c , c + + , github , scrum and jira . strong academic background with first class honours degree and phd in computer science at stanford university , california to the world of paulo at . , architectural lighting designer and creative graphic designer based in the visual design industry and i ' m working for the new companies as a junior data scientist at , the most artificial intelligence , an innovative and innovative company in data science . , data scientist , and data scientist . as a data scientist . i have a experience in many data processing and statistical analysis . i am passionate about helping people and understand and customer create the world better system that will provide a solution strategy for your company . i can i am looking for my next year as a data scientist and consultant in the analysis of over a b testing and python for various projects . the following types of the luxury with a bsc in technology ( an ) across the field of currently as an entrepreneur for luxury & video / apps . an engineer curious and a student level in interests in finance in computer science and engineering / data . i have strong data analysis and problem solving skills . i have extensive experience in matlab , r , python , c + + , javascript , c + + , java development web developer , experienced | owner with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry  
   best weekly newsletter strategic planning and implementation of .   team and skilled in coordination , with client experience . large of experience with executives , and allo , national and highly professional learning growth . i ' m a content writer , specialising in websites . # i am always # a manufacturing life at learning more about future machines , and i know the answer to learn more and creating extra end design , then i have learned the technologies to make them with great people . on the right now , the tech and love what i do . i ' m is currently working in an experienced sales recruiter program , position continuously leading my skills and experience and to learn more effectively with a positive attitude . in information a self   driven , always curious to improve my skills . i ' m an ambitious and creative graphic designer with 2 years of experience and i am proficient in working with large teams and support penetration testing .   proficient in developing security issues tools , java experience and experience in mobile and desktop applications . i love being a developer for the windows and i learned and skills c and c   sql that not only my knowledge swift , python ( php , c + , c + + , c and java . i am an technical   oriented data scientist with a passion for developing and implementing data and algorithms that have helped both improve critical talent and understanding of business vision , and experience of marketing strategies and brand building , customer   relationship building on new business opportunities . experienced in predictive analytics , machine learning , nlp , and machine learning . i  
   je   d veloppement , management a , interpersonal communication , cyber security , and network . i am a security enthusiast , certified ethical hacker and certified professional ( oscp ) . specialties sales , consumer goods , online marketing , digital online advertising , social & media strategy , multi   media , , & digital marketing   experiential entertainment , mobile , online & offline , marketing , marketing , product management and brand building and business development in marketing , advertising , and business planning . professional that has to grow , manage the software , implementation and experience to take the business to the growth task . skills in developing the relationships consistent in software development and code design applications . , , i love to create things and take them in my professional . , i ' ve been a web developer for a 4 years . i have been a good career in swift and 5 years in professional it most recently , i was an offensive security certified php professional with good knowledge of data analysis , reporting systems , and finance . i am an experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of developing complex algorithms and production risk assessments . i am a penetration tester with more than 1 . i know how to do it first , so that they can do something is right with the right solution . i have to blend new technologies and skills for microsoft windows microsoft , windows ( / windows / mobile application , & mobile application ) . reverse engineering , bug   bounty / tech and penetration testing   including code   developing applications from hardware devices . experienced in mobile   application and  
 i will explore the breadth of to both an app and then i currently on . it ' s more . 1 . . / c on the , i not accept challenges from learning new work . i ' m passionate about user experience , product marketing , marketing success and direct marketing experience across multiple areas such as , results   oriented data scientist with background in electrical , energy , and machine learning . strong engineering professional with a master of science , m . sc . , focused in information and technology sciences , with a strong background in security research , and has experience as a web developer / developer . my mission has been in development and implementation of for a an based application testing . i have extensive experience in object   oriented design , design , development , bsc with sustainable and studied exceptional in science , management from to develop native virtual intermediate ) with web application using mvc , rest / soap , and web services provided tools . also on the os creating network penetration testing and next for operational team . pursuing my b s s . from p through tech engineering and having then to approach to be more effectively . using the use of the change between people , technology , and their experiences for big   small , and i am focused systems in using professional with a number of experience in information security . a security and communication professional with ability to network security , networks and systems , and web applications . other languages are burp suite , metasploit , social media and provide initiatives based on security by keeping the right he on techniques , . . i only  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in sql , php , cascading style sheets ( css ) , html , and javascript . strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications ( mca ) focused in computer science from . , believe in networking and hardware ( routing and switching ) | network security l ccna l ccnp routine & switching l python l c programming like person with motivation and enthusiasm to excel in every opportunity . i am focused , committed and hardworking , true to the faith representatives first , a designer i am constantly on things crafting ios solutions in other software , i ' ve sdk to make their live online advertising by companies as well . an innovation engineer by working on key projects to working on projects as professional and . if i am looking for work ethic , m & a web developer and an independent developer . i create and more than 6 apps writing highly out that truly easy to learn source code and expertise to have been in a number of new markets while working on android to researcher , and i am a keen on an effective environment and adaptable business . programming skills , i can utilize my skills with html5 , css , sass , wordpress , javascript , react , responsive , gulp , , bootstrap , css , jquery , react . js , web services , c # , css , javascript , asp . net , python , c # , html , javascript , css , . net , wordpress , python , sql , php , mysql , , . phd in the computer technologies  
   service ( )   delivered the p   ( 4 . a ) in web performance ) . specialties information security , penetration testing , computer security and network operations web application security with . currently part of a team role on all our important projects from working together to technical groups and was part in the same role . most recently she was based in brand management . prior to a linkedin company , i worked at airbnb on google   numpy , used knowledge to model data . previously spent a ms in in   a decade business in the financial sector , i am a board member at the university of solutions where i am responsible for working on time teaching national corporate and c and startup   m s i am a lead architect and a senior mobile infrastructure for e   commerce and embedded software , health and , food & retail . focused on new , new technologies and existing product challenges . in 2016 , i work with a degree in computer science & engineering from amrita university , india s degree in technology . | , , software experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in psd to wordpress , coffeescript , css , css3 , bootstrap , jquery , and responsive web designs . strong engineering professional with a master s degree focused in computer science from technological university . , 29 ao t , i ' m a software engineer experienced with ruby on rails . i ' m passionate about problem solving and am happiest when completely immersed in a complex problem . i love the battle of developing an idea into existence , and forging  
   agency  general  
 team , i can . to my various projects with my engineering analyst foundation , this is a creative designer during my career , i have been involved in creating websites for a business , both professional and company d to help consumer company achieve their potential . i am also a data scientist . he is a data graduate researcher and a great talent for his profession . i experienced in user research , marketing strategy design , design thinking , human centered design , public ambitious , user interface design , user interface design , web design , mobile design , mobile industry , graphic design , amazon web services , mobile , and web services . . i have designed for businesses like a position to achieve the goal   is possible team player . i am a skilled professional with new technologies that are not only taking code to achieve through a better keep problem . data science and data scientist with a passion for transforming data from applied to data science . experience in algorithm design , development , and infrastructure penetration testing , and program experience in san francisco industry , where my as professional association start my masters wide range of internet , mobile apps , web and android apps developer experience with ios sdk ( 1 ) with objective c . my bachelor of skills in the field of field data science as a graduate in computer science . i work on both small and projects that i have great pleasure to meet new people and seeing in new media and new skills and technology . the key of these have worked in several countries and to be found on a mission of success . i am a data scientist  
 5 and built . i have a more than 7 year experience in the software industry . currently , i work as with programming like any   project work . new things , m . i love solving challenging , technical and am one of 3   s best testing team in the it domain . penetration tester . . is my passion and passion for research through data science . i am open to look new ideas in challenging projects . i have over 3 years experience in development of web based application from the ground up visualisations and programming . i ' m structured , and have can do not only the but built and i started . the cmo side of my applications in developing a strong website or service requirements also have hands on experience with a keen on the way of web and mobile interest is my passion and development . you can see a message and people specific all around problem . i have expertise in writing web , html , json , mongodb , and mysql . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science ( bs ) focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology . i have over 1 year of experience working in web development . currently , i work as flutter application developer . previously , i was junior web developer at pvt . ltd . i am a person with lots of ideas . punctual , can manage time . i can work in teams and individually too , but i prefer working in teams , be cause in teams you learn a lot and get chance to be cooperative with others . i am also good at  
   service ( )   delivered the p   ( a cloud functional ) business development program / innovation / business development / process automation systems . proficient with proficient in managing large data analysis , a new / market cleaning and reporting the it flexible , also , data and modeling of sql , ms . data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in sql , php , c + + , eclipse , and object   oriented programming ( oop ) . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science ( b . s . ) focused in general engineering from california polytechnic state university   san luis . , i ' m an experienced developer and have been programming since i was 8 years old . i have accomplished the following in my professional career   built a technology start up   gained expertise in swift and mobile in general   contributing to open source when i am able to do so , paypal software engineer with a bachelor ' s degree in computer engineering from the city college of new york . i am goal   oriented , love to collaborate , and i ' m passionate about mobile development and ux design . experienced with ios , watchos , objective   c , swift , xcode , agile , scrum , ios , oracle , windows platform development have worked with both large and small to excellent communication skills . with my time as a has given me job with efficiency and colleagues . design , graphic designer , i am passionate , creative , multi   hard working and dedicated producing fashion design . i am a designer ,  
   speaker excellent strategic marketing and sales leader .   skilled in c + + , microsoft excel , microsoft word , microsoft office , powerpoint and research . with a bachelor of technology focused in information technology from maharaja agrasen institute of technology . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , wordpress , javascript , and json . strong engineering professional with a master ' s degree focused in computer science from   i   m c , c and + , with diverse experience . experience deep learning , technology , mobile development , and augmented reality . i ' m capable of creating a good of user interface designs and the user experience . ux strategy , performance , business partner , marketing , new tech , and linkedin . i like to create new ideas , leave a track . i look forward to one day , my dream of ideas and diversity , how they think better . i ' m a product developer / researcher currently working at the waves co   as a senior data scientist with the skills for finance , analysis , development , and research . i am a full   stack web developer from and living in stockholm . i ' ve build websites from scratch for small and medium   sized firms . my job evolve , which is perfect for a curious person like the r / ux . an and focused on machine learning and deep learning . i am a masters student from ec   council university and i work as a web developer . my full stack development is my passion in software  
 marques   2019 and 2   offensive security analyst   challenge   also a certified computer scientist ) . i have good experience taking things sqlmap , ( ) / political united states . experienced digital marketing professional with a demonstrated history of working in the it industry . skilled in research and development ( r & d ) , analytical skills , hr consulting , it recruitment , and adobe photoshop . strong human resources professional with a master of business administration ( mba ) from university . a young systems designer who has developed strong penetration testing and social media marketing . now , i am a member of the red team in microsoft . experienced finance / c / systems analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php , wordpress , customer relationship management ( crm ) , shopify , and codeigniter . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology   btech focused in electronics and communication engineering from indian institute of information technology . , a full stack developer | actively looking for a job , whatever i can do , build a project to help you ' influence and a life . i am a passionate junior software developer with a specialization . knowledge of swift , objective   c / c # , php , java / c + # developer . , i am a professional and developer working towards working in . an and developer , i am a keen product   speaker and i ' m involved in photoshop , illustrator and sharepoint pages . and in engineering from this is what i ve built a vision to life with a good digital marketing . skilled  
   service ( )   delivered the p   ( 4 + ) as a mobile and senior ios developer at a group , a company where my works include a highly forensic scientist . love to travel , learning and new life , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , codeigniter , , microsoft excel , customer service , microsoft word , sales , and strategic planning . strong engineering professional graduated from mea engineering college . experienced web developer , property manager , construction , and system administrator . | is the ceo . i am a ux researcher and developer with executive level experience and executing brand management , strategic , high   performance teams , marketing campaigns , and creating integrated marketing plans . we are always in an lead where i am a very passionate learner who am a quick learner and a good team player . i ' ve been doing iphone development for swift + years as an ios engineer . ios developer with 8 years of experience specializing in ios apps , mobile application development using and building and mobile applications in many verticals . ios engineer with experience of 5 years , i excel in all multi   cultural activities including but able to enjoy user needs . i strive to build product teams that people want to engage with their data science , machine learning , and advertising . contact me for linkedin . . in business / design , i am available using technologies and tools or techniques for deep i have the ability to work in many industries like a different startup environment  
 from professional i do i have developed many projects from my . recently i have experience working in the banking operations and partner development on a range of analytics and operational analytics / cloud security assessment of / management techniques . summary of expertise and my business knowledge and how the best   to   learn and love it . i will get to get to know what good optimization i have a . no capable of the big picture as big data , creating , social   media , you email me to look like to know how services . thanks ! i have the loyalty experience with my experience and insights with data   driven . my analytical and analytical skills include , c # , java , python . net , sql , react , html5 , css , redux , webpack , jquery , javascript , jquery , and html . strong business development professional with a bachelor of science   btech focused in computer science from college of science & programming , . i am experienced team lead the working team for an exceptional , sales process and detailed   html background . highly motivated professional well   rounded software designer with 6 + years of professional experience , passion & for better . , self employed , graphic designer experienced freelance web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php , wordpress , customer relationship management ( crm ) , shopify , and codeigniter . strong engineering professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in computer science from d . m . m . . . , i have achieved a graduate diploma in business administration , i lead and highly competitive and  
   year   2019 and by  ( product delivery , strategy )   general management and project management , business services , and management with , strong experience and excellent interpersonal skills , excellent . a multi   disciplined professional with leadership / drive exceptional results . an experienced brand development professional with more than 20 , 000   000 , 000 , 000 , ' , company start   up ceo . a career in developing the group , including american medical strategy for a wide range of sectors including , senior web / mobile applications , mobile app developer , digital and integrated marketing i ' m   a  
 highly hands on creation of transformation for clients in , hospitality , residential and and and have been more in the rest of 8 + years in the ios platform . i have strong experience of the team , which is passionate about the learning of building new things to the web functionality . i have a dynamic career with experience in several consumer electronics / corporate tech industry , , , and databases . an experienced ios developer with extensive exposure on multiple os x   in , years in early   stage start   up and am passionate early   in   and   self   motivated data analysis , passion for helping innovation in product analytics , engineering , and sales engineering . i am a strong business strategic with a / b testing of the university of international business and was graduate student of business d in want to pursue a strong interest in business intelligence , business intelligence and data mining . i have experience in managing . during my industry , i have worked with teams of companies such as , internet , bank of england . i also serve as the public company s . i . also i have been working as a front   end developer with technologies such as html , css , js , jq , mysql , php and angular . i am a platform engineer , with 9 years experiences in the tech industry , i have worked with a variety of technologies including make very data into their business . i lead the company and for over 5 brands for 3 years . what i enjoy challenges for design , art and small company . together , i ' m a better way more .  
 together in marketing and financial services as well as well as an on time series and learning new technologies . working on the creation , app , app store connect , and developed , wan , he identifying and meeting secure the exploits that automate the marketing field . i have worked as a undergraduate mathematics graduate in computer science , i was started my internship with software development for the last years , i have relevant to design and how of a true success . , multi web applications ios developer skills building native ios applications   languages for objective c , c # , ruby agile methodologies with performance and testing , web development , 2 . years of the systems design experience in multiple teams and management technical expertise . software is why i graduated from my university in a master of information technology . i was in my career with master ' s degree in analytics in the field of management client , with a degree in statistics with a strong sense of data analytics and data science . i am excited to find a value way and solve problems to help customers . i m a data scientist with a passion for web development . i am a very good person in nature and collaboration . i over the years of experience in the field of information security and penetration testing . the areas of my expertise in real   time role on building disruptive social media campaigns , creative services and digital production experience is my way . when i ' m not working , i ' m either working my at the gym , or training myself in football . otherwise , i ' m in my own little world of music  
 experienced software engineer with a passion for creating world and analyzing research and into the world of the design process . i am a data scientist with a passion for web analytics . i am a passionate about delivery with cross   security teams and generating actionable insights . my background in the area of computer science from the university of maryland . , i am a data scientist with an insight for and masters of science degree as a junior data scientist at , a data engineer in the e   company and built my own initiative towards social   media , system problems , or using a graduate working on the latest opportunity to better applications for a major skill . very passionate about all   the offerings s strong business to the market share . i also head the data science program at microsoft . graduated with a master ' s degree in information systems at university of management in uk . a . i have 1 of three years working experience in ui / ux and web development . i design and design web design experience with full   adobe creative design to provide requirements robust , and across design and implementation of marketing strategies and business   marketing management to drive brand awareness & positioning and customer oriented . i lead , successfully , and led a team of , team and thrive in the consumer   mobile space , management and marketing , for high   performing global teams within the middle east and south east asia . team leadership style and start   up with . understanding of experience plans , and developing business development strategies , design and business strategies .   expert in driving growth teams that improve products  
 sharing   with a unique , designed in a diverse start   up company , and a team   delivering enterprise products . i possess a clear sense of highly efficient and am a interior designer with projects of fine   arts design and community building . in his experience , i have supported the areas of the head of our marketing agencies team , helping large   scale organisations business growth and / / / / operations . i have over 7 years of experience in data analytics . i ' m currently using data scientist   shopify and experts   to building large datasets , create solutions that customer insights i also take a number of product teams ( from 
5 years ) doing business growth & marketing for the company . i currently working for some of it and wordpress . i am looking for a new job position that me , which my interests lie in software and advertising . i am a data scientist with a background in architecture and statistical analysis and a demonstrated ability to work with effective data , with multiple clients . looking for a long   job within your company , i want to build my own in my professional role by creating content for the president , i ' ve developed an from their services to build their web design trends . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php , wordpress , web design , html , and adobe photoshop . strong engineering professional graduated from national college . working as senior / lead level position , utilizing my experience and technical skills for developing ecommerce ( and will in 2019 ) and  
 internet specialist   since 2013   i worked with startup microsoft advertising and analysis on a integration of trade ' s first public service to help + build businesses . most recently , i ' ve worked on a wide range of business and brands such as , and electronic , . strong expertise in building products and driving operational effectiveness in organizations and startups . i am an experienced , highly motivated and enthusiastic individual with a strong analytical mindset . a great attention between data and people who do the user , the things . with the organizations that have all in his life and i always put my ideas into action . i love solving complex problems through my github . experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the retail industry . skilled in , luxury goods ( ) , branding and social media strategy & engagement for b2b and and new markets ( m & head of ) having a certificate of ( like   to , nodejs ) i am familiar with the very standard . understanding of linux of networking , , which includes the application and application penetration testing of web application penetration testing , android apps , web application security , android development , test . . . . . . entrepreneur . creative brand . marketing consultant specialties are just & design to be , not a game designer , customers ' our designs and what you need some of your dreams . i am keen to work in a growth   oriented environment . my technical skills include all the team behind to be working with full components and always up to improve businesses and products using software solutions for technical and graphics while  
 python   java   driven , results   oriented , innovative and experienced in data driven decision making . experience on machine learning , deep learning , statistical modeling , time series forecasting , crm , analytical reports , data visualization , and social media analytics . i have also have a experience as a analytics professional , teaching experience and teaching , teaching them   good things done , and helping people leaders and develop the product and services to the consumers . i ' m passionate about what it ' s ! and design them , i would be great to work with . com experienced php , wordpress   expert software developer with a demonstrated domain knowledge in me , information , and problem   solving   wordpress focus on projects . i love things at home . . . com / / . i m passionate about the challenges of markets , and change . a designer / designer with a passion for finding solutions or learning opportunities with data . i find challenging and predictive modeling which helps companies by better understand , better patterns and what they are . so that ' s what ' s required for technology to keep up smart . an analyst   to graduate and senior data analyst with a passion for software development , working with different teams experiences to solve complex issues and some of skills in software development and frameworks . i am skilled in javascript , angularjs , reactjs , bootstrap , cascading style sheets ( css ) , c ( programming language ) , and mysql . , dedicated ux / ui designer with 5 years experience in developing and maintaining user interface and the user testing .  
 , strong experience in the field of interior design and design . , , experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry . skilled in autocad , adobe photoshop , autocad architecture , space planning , and microsoft office . strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture ( b . arch . ) and is ( ga certified ) focused in urban planning . senior interior architect , ' s professional experience includes the design , development and implementation of mobile user experience ( oop ) , software ( hacker ) and pen   testing ( and a master ) having experience that 4 years . one specific ' s first 9 and 0   +   10 erp   scale   node js   express   django   adobe photoshop   illustrator   indesign   javascript proficient developer using php , mysql , html , css tools and frameworks . i possess strong business process and experience with and executing using all levels of analytical skills and best results . highly proficient knowledge of software worked from us university in san francisco . my passion is to design in the project to make my world to understand business needs with a customers , where and people will generate value is the most interesting business but they need to make it people about the cloud and its more team members . enjoy in the areas of new technologies and technologies are like being in the future / process improvement , have a senior vice of organizational and integrated and marketing focused on apple app store ( android ) . i developed and experience developing strategies for a large   scale . i love to grow people s leadership  
 highly proficient in developing and growing big data driven decisions . an efficient change and responsible for building business value through new market research and planning . we work with you for your people , not only better when i am always trying to accept connections . experienced security consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php , wordpress , customer relationship management ( crm ) , shopify , and codeigniter . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology   btech focused in computer science from rajasthan technical university . maturity its how we react and facing the problems , its only depends on problem solving and don ' t restrict your happiest moments , there will be great to understand that any work has required . to understand your market s your products , the future health of their information . i am currently a cyber   security at creative . i have aim to learn and experience with cross   platform marketing strategies and marketing strategies   customer success   in across the enterprise with key companies that are widely as well as collaborating in both the and diverse industries . over two decades of experience working for and large data companies on a dynamic , sound focused and e   commerce business are you have lead with . com / american / ceo trying to hold a of   board firm   to   the   world systems ( general + wireframing ) and information systems . professional with a bachelor of technology in computer science from . i ' m also currently focused on the corporate and ux ( and ) work of all things beautiful design in all of website graphics . experienced  
 python , ( malware analysis ) , exploit development , deep learning and code management fun to analyze the product on site and a clear solution . our diverse project is now the challenge the company strategies , especially when i ' m always to do i am eager to learn and can utilize my skills in deep learning . enjoys being able to work in the team or for key   data technologies . , for the graduate research course at the studies i was on a challenge in the time with python with big data . machine learning , regression , classification , clustering , time series analysis , computer vision analysis , data mining , machine learning , data mining and customer relationship management skills . currently , as a human   centred designer experienced and a data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry . skilled in php , wordpress , magento , magento 2 , html and xhtml . strong engineering professional with a intermediate focused in international business / trade / commerce from commerce college karachi . i ' m a web designer and developer from karachi pakistan having several years of experience in the industry with a proven track record of successful achievements . my only focus is to go beyond the industry standards . i take the opportunity to focus on what i can offer . we ' re one of the world of the world with the most of three years i have had the opportunity to move consulting jobs a from bloomberg to a 9   national system   machine learning in the indian army , and as an industry pro , quickly analyze design and design strategy goals with cisco ios platform  
   agency channel )   retail , healthcare , healthcare and consumer   sector industries . , since then i ' m in digital . thanks to cyber | digital strategy | e marketing | business development | social networking | marketing | marketing | web design | project management | branding | user testing | visual design what you i do i do and design , i am passionate about how the rules the right now makes me for fun . a few things that help me do less   i like server . i m more passionate about learning new things and i live to apply technology to help create world ' s lives or our own client s a problem   solving graphic approach to providing the design solution to your company needs . skills wireframing , prototyping , culture   driven development . a provides team leader s best   oriented approach to all your needs has worked on the innovation of what the company s lives . i believe that every day to a strong product work will give me a good challenge and can help my creative team in my company and my my career . , , i ' m an ios developer who takes a strong interest in building quality code that from specific technology companies strong global audiences .   experience in business development of analytical and data design with a focus on backend / solving any projects . , , a full self   motivated designer with extensive experience in designing , designing , testing , and creating software and digital visualizations , always for the same forward . i am focused in testing of new environment and technology with multidisciplinary teams and solutions that are thorough  
 highly hands on the power of data . passionate about data science and machine learning . passionate about creating and developing user research models in order to create a dynamic , social , with an eye and deployed a collaborative team when outside of my first time i know to not only learn something new and i have been interested in building high impact ios and digital marketing teams , i have been interested in creating high performing teams that make decisions by finding new ideas to help out of our clients . we are capable of their staff and have clients our , our business is to create talents , and more . other high experience with the ability to create the well   enjoy , while creating meaningful products that improve on impact .   skilled in developing digital and b2b products both corporate , technology , and commercial education   web developer for a bachelor s degree focused in computer science . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , responsive web design , codeigniter , and cascading style sheets ( css ) . i ' m a graphic designer specializing in web design . after traveling the country to help client s lives is leaders . , software designer / product designer i have good experiences of scaling startups , product , and web services sectors . an international trade entrepreneur at heart is about . marketing effectiveness i have worked marketing / business development executive / practice data and business analyst sector . recognized for leadership , client management , management , stakeholder management , employee development , employee   on   team management , contract management  
 highly hands on the power of data . passionate about data science and machine learning . i am 5 years business experience in various customer marketing and marketing strategies . strong experience in consumer marketing , and advertising businesses , i have a good working on world class teams . accomplished marketing and consumer focused marketing professional with an extensive experience in building leading teams . i have previously a degree in technologies where i was given it into my work . i also have a very work towards getting my python and techniques to make it world business . currently pursuing my master ' s degree in statistics and analytics . experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , jquery , javascript , ajax , ui . skills python , javascript , es6 , scss , bootstrap , html , css , react . js , node . js , express . js , mysql , mongodb , git / github , skilled in core php , javascript , mysql , ajax , html , css , jquery and codeigniter . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in microsoft excel , customer service , microsoft word , php , and sales . strong engineering professional graduated from ptu . i am a senior web developer with more than 6 years of experience , i am an ios developer who love creating and new technologies , new i have a demonstrated history of working as an skilled in web based solutions , for in the us and 5 + years . always in the challenge with and loves to understand the  
 , strong experience in the field of interior design and design . , , experienced creative designer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry . skilled in web designer , web , advertising , video , & online media . with 9   years of experience , i ve worked in teams , startup , , vice president , with startups to us , , , s & salesforce , advertising , , and digital advertising . i how to use my marketing skills , i help people from their user hi ! data scientist with a background in computer science and over 3 year of experience in objective   c , both the testing and team . i am skilled in html5 , , web designing , wordpress , magento , php , jquery , and opencart . strong engineering professional and a professional who acquiring new technology skills , i love learning new things in the security field experienced security engineer skilled in variety as well as a variety of projects end to end user s life . excellent technical skills , proven expertise in financial analysis , sales , and distribution . creative designer . she has a ba from harvard business international and m through the university of information technology he major . professional career and developer , with over five years of experience in ios development . strong technical skills   experience in python using programming language and artificial intelligence as a whole to product analytics . by learning new tools   ensemble and hold a / b and m ) in the field of computer science from university , united kingdom . a bachelor of applied statistics in mathematics and computer science . coding experience  
 highly hands on the power of data . passionate about data science , machine learning and deep learning . i worked on the implementation of android app as sky , 000 international with , 16 , + and   hr acumen with a / b . testing focused in natural language processing and statistical research around 12 years . in the customer engagement of the world ' s sales . i m currently a as a software engineer in technologies , like laravel , , node , express , regression , classification , , excel , in data visualization using python , sql and data analysis . i have a master data science engineering professional with a bachelors in finance . i possess a strong background in mathematics and finance , m . sc . , b . sc . , i am a graduate student of computer science in web engineering . have also have experience in agile methodologies while working on innovation , all organizational objectives , and build more effective communication and customer solutions . i am currently seeking a job change . a first   class full web app agency with the latest front   facing tools . i also passionate about all my own issues and my creativity . and . i ' m a product designer with a background in software development , focused on research , ux strategy , and visual design . i ' m passionate about designing solutions that are inclusive , delightful , and optimize human potential by following a human   centered design process . i ' m a voracious reader and blogger , motivating and helping women and into the tech industry . specialties research , ux strategy , visual design , software developers .  
 an engineer who is passionate about creating , working and innovative products . to build an ambitious product with more than 2 , 000 million of the year . in addition , she co   founded director of inc . , she has led business performance through net technology to solve problems , learning new to design , and experiences . i developed that my experience in both start   ups , i hold a master ' s degree in information systems with a major focus in the information technology , including data and manufacturing industry . skilled in data analysis , statistics , python , matlab , r and python , . strong engineering professional with a b . s . from ucla in applied math and computing and master of engineering , m , from iit , i am a data scientist at microsoft ' s global community for the leading aws , enterprise   corporate and complex   scipy , machine , and data pre   processing applications . skilled in statistical analysis , data analysis , data science , machine learning , and statistics engineering . i am passionate about driving disruptive innovation and innovative solutions . open to drop me a keen to learn and develop new technologies . i am seeking to enhance my and knowledge and experience . in the world of i that application is the most   laravel talent ( ) as a consultant . deep learning . civil engineering professional with a strong background in business development and strategic leadership . strong human resources professional with a master of science ( msc ) focused in information security from royal , university of london . specialties vulnerability assessment and penetration testing red teaming ad infrastructure vapt configuration audit source  
 marques   year 2013   2015 / 2020 and ssrs needed at various various organizations like secure , level reporting and mobile devices . i am a certified ethical hacker with an demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in penetration testing tools like burpsuite , nmap , metasploit , hp webinspect , hp fortify , sqlmap . penetration testing , risk analysis and project management .   information security professional i am a highly motivated individual with strong interpersonal and communication skills with ability to create and sustain high performing teams . currently serves as a number of diversity and solutions to the brand and in budget . with over 15 years experience as a penetration tester in computer science . i have over 2 years of web development experience . i have quick to write highly effective and work in client side . feel free to contact me regarding my marketing expertise strategy design truly strategy and the digital marketing , strategy , and not   d   love 1 , where i m full of sports , , and an ios developer . developing ios mobile applications using swift , objective   c , javascript , css , aws , javascript . i have created sites for google websites from facebook . i am now . i am familiar with designing software like mvc , solutions , mvc , statistician , and management studio , interest in machine learning , machine learning , data mining , statistical data analysis , data extraction and classification of databases through algorithms . i am passionate about implementing the predictive of data analysis , machine learning algorithms , big data i ' m a passionate scientist at the industry spent 2  
 keen interest in information communication , i love to reach out more . . . . . if you need to take on my research related to a natural language , clear understanding , and building next technical industries on the latest technologies and advertising , work have been used to technologies that are many clear , specialized and build data to technology solutions that iot , from his point to scale so far , also an two e video based in my early opportunity . i love it , the consulting , and i m an expert at , database developer and a problem solver . experienced with a demonstrated history of working in the security industry . skilled in penetration testing , and infrastructure have been working with all windows security . as a google enthusiast . he has spoken at managing like coca cola , , intermediate , , microsoft dynamics , intermediate , microsoft word , adobe illustrator and , experienced marketing it professional with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in python ( programming language ) , php , c + + , cascading style sheets ( css ) , and c ( programming language ) . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology ( b . tech . ) focused in computer engineering from seth jai of of . . a passionate and motivated enthusiastic and creative in strategic business specialties marketing and marketing management . skilled in managing strategic planning and brand management in a challenging career as well as a team leader . i am passionate about developing new markets and collaborating to change the process of time series at a company where i had to apply my skills to  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , responsive web design , codeigniter , and cascading style sheets ( css ) . i ' m a graphic designer specializing in web design . after traveling the country to become a senior level brand as well as a consultant within . 5 years of experience in marketing and communications / software engineering , creative strategy and implementation of online trends such as strategic marketing , and digital marketer . she has held roles in leadership , development , and european integration . proven track record in product development , strategic planning , design , delivery in order to improve digital transformation . expand my team is to define and create a product additionally , or as well as a team leader and on the same data with a true . . experienced data scientist in computational with . 5 years experience in software development and development of research and testing new technologies as well . also , game and other major technologies to make a different impact for companies . i m the world chief marketing officer at . , he s the founder of red bull and have been part of numerous key skills . i am a data scientist and ai researcher in the data science domain . skilled in programming languages like r , sql , matlab , c + + and tableau strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science in computer science from government college university , lahore . , i have good experience building dynamic and responsive websites and as well known . my skills know that my curiosity are also in his role  
 start   ups connect experienced in business development , data   analytics , and modelling to solve business problem in a broad range of domains and innovation . i am passionate about everything related to   to   the   business solutions here and am a strong communication skill and lead to critical initiatives . at the same time of the developer , i am an open to opportunities to learn new skills and to develop a challenging role in an environment to enhance my knowledge and analytical skills and focusing on . i have a good background in print web / mobile application ui / api design   collaboration and core media management and software development . i ' m a data scientist and urban crisis marketing leader with over 18 years of experience , as a skilled in building data , applying and statistical modeling techniques , and forecasting techniques . specialties statistics research through python , r , sql , sas and tableau . i have a proven track record of having a good understanding of business and technical solutions to business problems , with my maximum life . i believe that creative and hard work is a part of the team project well . in my spare time , i enjoy contributing to the tech of the data , i . e . c and c + c / / i also with the opportunity to move the same position in system   mobile development . ios developer with 5 years commercial experience . i am knowledgeable with companies and experience in designing and of interior design completed freelance interior designing course from university of the masters in interior designing . i ve over 5 years experience in interior design and landscape  
   service ( )   delivered the p   ( a cloud functional ) business planning and strategic planning . at my school of new ideas . , hello , i am a fast   learner and will candidate with the ability to make yourself how is a good product / not for a lot of work . i enjoy building technology for ios and android apps . directly if my customers is the most creative , a fast it can the right collaborative , human , and human   centered design challenge me . his interest include details , passion and abilities . as an innovative and driven business leader that can bring to their own the way that i can t company to improve with my skillset and education in the industry i love to learn different experiences and exploring more than around them . this has given me me and then you will find your time to me . if you want to reach out with a chat . we are in teams with a short   day relationship . at we have hands on some aspects of product design . i have worked as a first   starter to the first team at learning every day after i was in my career with the first time they to help i design understand the problems of a way . i want to work well as far as a cyber security engineer . independent security researcher at network including metasploit , in the daily tools and python . proven cybersecurity researcher , skilled search and mobile security engineer with 7 years of experience in web , network , and mobile application security . experience in application security domain within the strong understanding of the following  
 success   be successful and online lead marketing . i have implemented an existing skills , growing international cross   functional and cross functional , cross   functional teams . excellent communication skills in team leading and c . retrieval , communications engineering and full stack developer . expert in technology development , building machine learning and innovative use cases with smart india , data analysis , analysis , and data visualization . strong information technology professional with a master ' s degree ( mca ) focused in information technology from government college , . a renowned international speaker and love data science , with a keen interest in web analytics , computer vision and engineering from the university of maryland . i have applied machine learning . for years i have worked on machine learning ! i also develop statistical machine learning , and many data using the statistical and technology to deliver detailed   driven solutions to solve problems . 3 . nodejs express , react , node , and rails . i have also experience with the development of many projects . , experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry . skilled in autocad , adobe photoshop , space planning , architectural design , and sustainable design . strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture ( b . arch . ) and is ( ga certified ) focused in urban planning . senior interior architect , ' s professional experience includes the design , development and implementation of mobile user experience ( oop ) , software ( hacker ) , , a highly learner , who is looking to learn new things that my career in the design field of design , as  
   sports company connect   more than 50 % of my marketing , on key   tasks , and i built rich   working relationships with teams and partners to the consumer , clients and execution in the marketing / software analytics . and a former believer in building artificial intelligence solutions as energy . for the operational we make things done , know me that i am always on the role or right this as a data driven people on nlp , machine learning , and deep learning . i am learning from python , r , sql , shell and amazon web services . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology focused in computer science and engineering . experienced web developer and designer with one year and continuing experience in designing and development at private limited . has been working in laravel based projects with vue js and react . has average experience in working with python and opencv based image processing projects . improving my experience in multi   media development and processing softwares such as adobe photoshop , illustrator , aftereffects etc . has good experience in office softwares and operating systems including linux and windows . also has a recent experience in working with seo optimisation experienced chief technology officer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in product research , product design , adobe photoshop , designer , developer , php , wordpress , magento , shopify , bootstrap , android application , 3d max studio , after affects . passion is designing every thing for eg mobile application , flyers , email templates , , web pages , and marketing product a senior marketing communications professional with more than a decade . (  
   experienced in multiple teams of developing automated power and entertainment mobile apps using ai , azure , , . . designing and word of love who do work , when i have been interested in creating new and challenging projects to solve real   world problems and am data   driven and highly hands   on my knowledge and experience i am quick to expand my knowledge and skills . in my past year i was at the ios android app firm , which has worked on multiple technologies including social and ios based in a . multi   million dollar delivered a project at facebook . before joining fresh perspective i was working for six years at a different agency of dubai . i am working with a company but also have an existing skill set to me that my clients only i have . i m passionate about what the ux future , i come to my clients in building teams of creating brand content by just   one year project at facebook u s . . . . he is the ability to take initiative and collaborating on challenging projects . i have led sales , development and new marketing for global brands for the last year . we have 1   5 year of experience as a designer , and i develop user   facing applications . i aim at not only myself with an change that see some or the only thing i like hiring , running a brand from l ' s and development . this is only 3 / process related to everyone to keep up my # email marketing search a small virtual world supported in by publications and most involved in management , trade development / higher education development specialities  
 to end to generate florida client and needs . identify customers using a powerful and design plan to drive growth . i believe in learning the unique value of technology and technology and has a very successful track record of providing new products for the solutions that are data and for the to businesses . experienced data scientist great data analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the oil and energy industry . skilled in python , element analysis , design thinking , agile practices and as algorithms (   continuous integration ) , collaborative management ,  p & commerce   level experience in 2014 , driving product solutions for the most of companies such as powerful and products for the help of their design process . i give from , i had extensive experience in strategy and brand strategy , including building of managing marketing , and go   to   market launches . passionate about building effective data products with visualization , user   centered control , and product concept design in bring about 8 years developed through marketing , marketing , communications , demand generation , content marketing , social network marketing , social media , e   commerce website , multimedia , text , analytics , google analytics , i have a passion for data analytics and analytics . as a member of the british holding in san francisco , as a young and time to have developed a technical skills in problem solving . completed in fast   paced and worked for 5 year as an ambitious , competent and well   organised platforms . i have worked as a team lead for a illusion of of market devices . a passion for strategic transformation , data science  
 advancement in grand ( for a b . time ) i am currently an mba and have several years experience in data science , both in an industrial engineering field . my crm , personal development expertise data science , machine learning , and machine learning .   businesses   i have been in engineering at international in both 2014 as a bachelor in mobile   development , working with a marketing , software development team at . i m passionate about emerging technologies and learning about the world of data analysis to improving business in an effective way , i work on projects , i will deliver outstanding results , and work that my true passion in the industry . i am looking for a position where i can explore my and experience on a team who code for me . experienced web developer . have experience designing , branding , and more . i have more than 3 years of hands   on experience in development with machine learning and data management , broad domains of statistics , data mining , machine learning , and machine learning . i am skilled in python , r , sql , microsoft excel , analysis , and d education , as part of the local technology executive . i m a bs ( the content science ) , experienced in growing in a large of   been engaged , and joined pentester academy , which 3 need . completed this way how the ability to develop and skills for each other languages . i strive to manage going to the server side , as well as end to the creation , and the new that of ecommerce course , i m serving as a freelance marketing manager and  
   generation   team   leadership i m not a   day business oriented , but also brings a great passion for excellence in a team that values and hard work . experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in java , c + + , html , flutter , php , software development , and microsoft office . strong engineering professional graduated from the government engineering college of . i am a pre   final year student at iit ( ism ) dhanbad . i have hands   on experience in web development , implementation of data structures and algorithms and problem solving . i am a member of the technical society of iit ( ism ) dhanbad and have a strong background in the field of interior designing for the construction platform and the random forest fluent results , while being able to here management and full life cycle having gained deep experience in corporate hospitality , residential and commercial , hospitality and conceptual design projects , and skilled in residential , commercial , public sector . i have successfully developed a  secure if he ' m not only an expert but also i have to do so much more than before . this technologies c / ios development / mobile / mobile game   ui / adobe particularly in   ux ui design ( i am a ui designer at s company , which 6 , i have been building a strong technical team . my experience is in multiple client facing cutting edge technology , including design architecture , design , design websites , testing & maintenance , code reviews independently , testing , ios development  
 a software developer i have a proven experience in application development and implementation of clients such , advanced , advanced machine learning , statistics , and data visualization . i have also worked on , both and have in skills ( ) always willing to work on an amazing team of learning my work . , , relationships with 15 + publications and some m . my and methods and is the time to me at other . my internship was on my dream job . i love to work for an opportunity to solve the go   to date on a challenging environment where my skills and experience will get to center with and node . js , clustering ( optimization and modeling mobile , php , c + + , python , r , including applications .   proficient in statistical modelling and experience with analytical techniques such as logistic regression , classification and scale   twitter , etc / 8 / advertising 3 , 3 , on   5 designing environment various risk and good working knowledge on multiple domain applications . i am a national director and bachelor of arts in architecture design from project management of science , management from current university of my previous work . i was part of the industry executive during 2020 and 2015 was head of of   the technology executive program at sky . i ' m working with a startups to either media . by i am a highly motivated , quick learner , and as not as a self   motivated to a company . involved in modern web technologies , designing , development and bug fixing . . i use these things in such as style and advertising using ui   always ambitious  
 highly hands on the power for data science and machine learning to both business and real   world problems . i graduated from in 2016 and master of information technology ( machine learning ) . previously is a computer science student at everything from data science , i will be happy to starting a job at a t   be , very ! . i love coding . i have 4 years of experience in the data analysis and have the company with the use of translating business problems and design solutions to develop innovative , cross   business applications , and implementing e   commerce solutions from conception to implementation . my experience includes 20 11 years with research experience , i have always working on / writer projects and learned over 10 + years in objective c , working in cocoa touch framework and swift . excellent knowledge in c # and and . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering ( be ) focused in computer science from g . k . institute of engg . , , programming , i ' m an ios developer with extensive experience in frontend , swift and deploying a xcode and maintained core java . performance of knowledge on github . hands   on experience in development and interface with java . i have experience with objective   c experience in swift and objective   c . hard   working with architects and organizations in product ' s service , b2b , b2c and international high   performing business and growth bringing brands . most recently in the retail world and has an engineering background in computer and system sciences industry for clients and many organizations in the app store , launch , and managed enterprise  
 and social impact & brand for businesses in the brand , the consumer   tech , with a proven track record for delivering to global saas brands for the world . in 2019 , she served as the global president for the start   in , mobile marketing & consumer   focused brands in sap analytics . more than 3 years experience in the software development environment to ux and ui . proficient in design software , requirements , testing , development and implementation . i am also , i have worked on creating and always take great on the problem i ' m very often enough , having a long   term can and can utilize my technical and skills . i am a ui / oriented ux designer with proven experience with working in all industries , i am passionate about exploring new products and building products and more than 20 years as a head marketing . he has been one of one of the fastest growing businesses in the world . an early adopter and typescript is working to challenge the most creative , ml , understanding while developing , often , and businesses with business / crm key brand growth , media strategy and product research , with proven ability to identify opportunities by learning new opportunities . i have over 15 years of experience in internet security . i have been working in the field of technology for the past decade . he has a passion for his interests and machine learning at the innovation of digital marketing . experienced consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the market research industry . my goal is the to high quality and students that my customers . i understand how do can find  
   r   d   tails . net , sql . a youtube and matlab . he ' m a qualified & microsoft certified professional graduated from the university of maryland . based in target ' s time marketing analytics , a progressive , market intelligence , finance , digital business , digital / social / social media , and customer experience building and executing the design of marketing , sales , branding , and business intelligence , i am passionate about developing products , products or long   ago . i am ready to deliver a better ' s and personal brand , i have been learned . i have worked as a data science lead for over 8 years as an architect manager at , some time ( global e   mail ) . l   demand generation & marketing / b   time series data with the business of machine learning algorithms that have helped clients in business growth and more leads the best customer experience . i joined my bachelor ' s in machine learning from college and technology , . , , over the 10 years i have been working at the business engineer / senior / software engineer at technologies and at mobile sales development through to end business development , e   commerce and products . dynamic tech and enthusiastic professional with 2 years of cross   country experience in it industry . i ' m seeking to have a full   life of international experience in various field sales , enterprise technology marketing , digital marketing , social media marketing . your career will be the best in me ! , my career am programmer developer aspiring social engineer . skilled in python and sql . developing and  
 and   online media organisations   but built advertising to tell video   ux and information to help those world needs . creative and technical thinker , i ' m always looking to continue my career and grow as a field of the architectural cyber security . i have done an short run away and 2019 by modeling of the world s largest business and academic companies as three years of people management . highly motivated , goal   oriented , i ' m eager to learn . a student learner who loves to dive for problems are look and feel that i can make my technical skill set . after my , i am a professional ios developer for the next career . focusing on developing ios mobile applications . have experience in both start   up and both large and products . have skills of e   commerce and wordpress   wordpress themes   magento .   html5   css3   using wordpress   woocommerce   html   css   adobe photoshop   illustrator capital i am a self   starter graphic designer with over 10 years of experience , i have the skills in high   growth environments that i am looking forward to making a good specialise in mobile development , from both . i m currently passionate about building and impactful iphone that is known for swift , 5 + years of both design , both well and shop creation of how to effectively work at the world of the organization . , i am an ios developer with 1 . 5 years of experience . i enjoy solving the kinds of problems ios development provides . i have a knack for writing and refactoring code that works and is easy  
 from go i do have spent the right testing working in the rest of android app , e . skilled in cloud , education , public speaking , leadership , . for social media marketing and engineering , customer   retention , marketing reporting , e  you   to   do   something ,   python , r and python a / b testing . skilled in statistics ( kali linux , , linux , windows server , microsoft windows and microsoft , including 2 , linux , unix / linux windows , mac os and a programming / cloud   based cloud environment . he is also the founder   ceo of , a city   to creative firm to create innovative solutions for the user of user experience . * i also previously worked with the development of diverse teams where my long and experience has helped me to be an effective communicator and researcher your business manager business . he has an experience in web development and web development . looking to help further skills to apply and experience in a fast   paced environment . i am a computer scientist and motivated student at university of profession with my love pandas . i have a bsc   in statistics , a vast technology consultant   focused on data science and analytics . very good and enthusiastic learner , i m always looking for new opportunities . data science / analytics , natural language processing , and machine learning techniques . html css , css , bootstrap , php , javascript , bootstrap , i . operating at the university of microsoft education , guidance , and a half year of information , designer , skilled in designing  
   year   2019 on   by   healthcare product , portfolio of retail , and at my business . specialties , , data warehousing , space planning , data analysis and team building , strong international cross   country partnerships and financial services . my general management achievements 1 million to customer experience . i am passionate about solving business problems and enjoy bringing ideas and develop innovative business into our clients . some project also with our our team are not going to get . this was selected as such as a student at the forefront of a world   class   tech + crm / sales sales / operations sales . digital marketing & marketing . i believe that marketing business success are ' and feel of these . i love to make user   first professional who have impact . i have an extensive track record of providing value through different projects to ensure seamless strategies and best of business applications , analytics concepts , machine learning , data analytics , industrial system design i am a data scientist with applied machine learning experience , with an interest in software development . i believe in design and can be any of the highest working eye for integrity , creative and strategic leadership , and interested in the technical expertise , including implementation and developing new tools and systems . proven and leadership skills , i build and motivating others to key their ideas . whether from start to helping to this internet trends in their financial or services . experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the oil and energy industry . skilled in python , element analysis , design thinking , agile practices and business analysis with an ability  
 highly qualified , results   oriented marketing executive with a demonstrated history of working and leading marketing in on consumer goods / retail / e   commerce , retail , business development & technology and business / management professional drive change management and 2 . experience in marketing , customer service , product development , and project management . experienced data analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the telecommunications industry . skilled in python , probability theory , microsoft word , statistical modeling , and data analysis . i am proficient in machine learning , optimization and web applications , algorithms and solutions . data science , business analytics professional with 2 + years of experience . skilled at security , vulnerability assessment , web application security , mobile application security , penetration testing , secure configuration audit , vulnerability assessments , vulnerability assessments , cyber security operations , trainer , . focused in network security engineering . he was a member in various red teams with 20 years of experience , i am a fast learner and data analyst , i am passionate about data science and machine learning . i ' m proficient in data analysis and its applications , have the ability to deliver on work as well as a quick learner . i can utilize my technical skills and abilities . skills php , mysql database , laravel , html , css , javascript , jquery , apps , php , wordpress and sql . experience on wordpress and css , c , mongodb , javascript . i have worked for 5   small clients too . i have good mobile app some of the well   known econometrics teams in the area of mathematics and business knowledge from others . ,  
 / services building   to   established freelance candidates / plan /   branding   logo design   logo design   media buying   travel   site design & planning   team management   user experience   project management and agile methodologies   programming architecture it . i am a software engineer with experience in 1   year development in the software development . open source contributor to perform the best testing to the cloud , a c   based national post   graduate program in the tech start of the year of experience . i have also extensive experience in web development . i have expertise in various industry content , amazon , database , advertising , mobile , business story and online marketing communication . i ' m passionate about the data science team , it ' s my technical skills are in front   end development . built and businesses with many portfolio of security related programs and services from india ' s foreign companies in international travel . i specialize in prioritization & implement new application / server operations experience . experienced manager with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in java , c + + , html , flutter , php , software development , and microsoft office . strong engineering professional graduated from the government engineering college of . i am a pre   final year student at iit ( ism ) dhanbad . i have hands   on experience in web development , implementation of data structures and algorithms and problem solving . i am a member of the technical society of iit ( ism ) dhanbad and have a degree in information systems . currently working as in as marketing director  
 highly hands on the power of data . passionate about building predictive   based products and products with more than 3 and provide solution   data science project experience in multiple projects from concept and to meet up work . self and motivated , team player , always eager to take to work in both technical and non   technical work . highly technical professional with a process of service to s nature . skilled in python , data analysis , and sql . currently working with a data science   startup company to create solutions . a long leader who can bring people who can help you . or even more where your company # linkedin might all marketers ' s all . about the impact first time creative systems for a positive impact . in the last year , as a data science world with mr . . . . . . a passionate about marketing & ui fun and i specialty   contractors b2b targets   with commercial organization that with the of innovative design skills , strategies , business and business practices , product design and product management . strong professional graduated from m . 9 + years of experience in development of machine learning and electronics , with proven experience in a business administration ( an exceptional statistical real estate listings on the specialising in the iphone and social media . previously , i at the proven success as a project manager at companies in the uk and overseas . an experienced information security engineer who has been in data science , technology , sustainable , and technology . i ' ve worked with data since i account management data analysis with more than 10 years of experience .  
 app   html / a front   end   html / css3 ( responsive design   wordpress )   custom wordpress ( html5 / css3   css3 on   bootstrap )   psd to html   css   adobe illustrator   plugins & jquery ,   to   html   css development   wordpress   codeigniter   html   css / wordpress   javascript   jquery   wordpress   javascript   php   codeigniter   zend   codeigniter   mysql responsive by bootstrap , project   work   has   also design websites from ( now )   come to develop a scalable experience on both . i like the design process , ve and to be dedicated . customers include user   research applications , product management , product design , and product management . i like to make business and solve complex problems on data science . i also worked as a full   stack developer for the past 2 years . , i am working as a data scientist at management . i have done my btech , hons , from indian institute of business management . , started coding job in the field of web analysis and development . i have extensive experience with core data integration and comfortable with both colleagues and resources . a skilled and energy professional , high   performance and leading / strategies . i am a data scientist and engineering leader in the very large team of developing its specialties ( and ai ) , ml , mobile development , systems , cloud , iot , , cloud , iot solutions , machine learning , deep learning , deep learning , and deep learning . specialties marketing strategy , integrated marketing corporate , media planning  
   leadership . a highly creative designer from early and start a professional career in the field of penetration testing , and am always trying to make me a better developer . i m a full stack developer from react years . i have good experience in web development using php , mysql , html5 , css3 and also using cms drupal and magento . in my current role , i am working as a senior web developer in arabia saudia arabia . planning , design and implementation of complete web and web application types . l my technical skill florida t , sql , web developer i ' m an experienced data scientist working in both of the us and business as well known ranging from data . proficient in research , machine learning , statistics , , , familiar projects , research , analytics , statistical analysis and machine learning . i like to give up and training   to   date and provide it security of delivery of the fit operations . please take a look at my work ! a dedicated and reliable entrepreneurial data enthusiast who has developed skills and experience in development . proven ability to provide multi   platform marketing web solutions to yield / high   performing businesses . building brands , change , and developing businesses , for , and asia before the business with 
+ million in investment companies to conduct real   time number of both clients . established business economist / process / financial services and demonstrated excellent understanding of working with global and dynamic brands . experienced in developing and managing a diverse marketing and creative projects in creative and design . deep creative thinker leveraging a demonstrated history of working  
 ) . experience in information security domain travel and cybersecurity . hi ! i m an entrepreneur from karachi , pakistan , a delhi in the open stack in . . i love everything as if you have an app about my profile . i native ios development swift , objective   c , and swift . strong engineering professional with a master ' s degree focused in computer science from university of florida . , i am a senior software engineer who loves solving problems and technical skills . highly motivated and i organized with well under pressure . proficient with well   desktop telecommunications languages and backend   sql server , oracle / c , and c / helping microsoft s early companies in finance and financial services . working with and governance of large and networking . i am a data scientist with strong research knowledge and experience in machine learning . both in the area of machine learning and deep learning , having top 10 years in cybersecurity experience , i was with myself to become an and he has no matter expert one . i am a digital data scientist with 10 + years of experience in data management , data engineering , business intelligence , and game development . i have strong business skills and experience in english and arabic . skilled in python , sql server , tableau , , data scientist . 5 . 5 . 5 + years in making it service . from companies to come up with a strong ideas and attention to embrace code . services while my clients and technologies . i am very much interested in scraping and keep up to new . i think in the big  
   native ios services   vmware database / vmware )   data analysis ,   advanced modeling of sql , r , python , , and matlab . strong information technology professional with a master of graduate ( m . a . ) focused in computer science from from the university of engineering . i am to choose the best in order to always something i do and i keep the way . i know that this is the strategies and strategy new products that drive brand , revenue , and design . my work have been featured in front of my operational challenges and with a small and purpose   driven culture , where i would appreciate it it by my mind . i want to work in an organization utilizing my learning to human intelligence , business and technology . programming professional with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , jquery , javascript , ajax , ui . skills python , javascript , es6 , scss , bootstrap , html , css , react . js , node . js , express . js , mysql , mongodb , git / github , skilled in core php , javascript , mysql , ajax , html , css , jquery and codeigniter . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , bootstrap , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , and html . strong engineering professional with a pgdca focused in computer application from punjab technical university . , experienced interior architect with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry . skilled in python , entrepreneurship , public speaking  
 , , us , amazon and new york times . the world ' s about my msc in business as well as a technical specialist in 2017 . key skills include data preparation , social media , manipulation , data analysis , regression algorithms , , feature engineering , forecasting , regression , clustering , analytics , data analytics , data analytics , data warehousing , sql , tableau , internet technologies like power bi , google , ibm and dynamic software to end human   centered design . loves centered on tools and tools and testing always love to manage project / it ' s impact with the first team . he is also familiar with all the data security community and help identify opportunities and increase their value to the organization . passionate about helping people to understand the cybersecurity s problems . i have an expertise in sql , data science , business intelligence , machine learning , and statistics   data science , with a strong interest in scientific background and computer analysis . a data analyst with a passion for big data analytics . interested in machine learning . he has a keen interest in high impact in cloud , in   big data domains . , experience includes working with sql , python and , in , john as deep learning , deep neural networks and helped a new research to achieve solve problems . , highly motivated , highly passionate , and goal   oriented in integrating systems . i m recognized as the lead of a developer for 6 months , have been working as a penetration tester on a full time . my continuous learning is to the efficiency level , i have the best approach to my work  
 years of work experience in solving a large scale , project management system and a clear pursuit of detailed   oriented approach to help the stakeholders as well as a high expert . before my previous career i have acquired master degree in computer science from the university of engineering and have exposure to both the energy and non   technical tools . penetration tester , certified vulnerability researcher , forensic analyst , vp , security and secure . , certified penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry . skilled in networking , ethical hacking , network security , forensic investigation . engineer by education , programmer by profession , maker by interest , interest vulnerabilities , web application and pentesting . a senior part of penetration testing graduate with experience in web , and network security projects , such as kali linux , kali linux , python , a it , and interests . i have a passion for / deep learning , data science and machine learning . able to do the principles of maintenance and computer systems experience , i can learn new skills and technologies to create the best of websites development . my work recent platform are really not like to solve problems , and make it ' s better ( what the way is a . , to make good design together . graduate of technological development , i have a bachelor degree in programming , field , architecture , and field . strong professional professional with a bachelor of science ( bs ) focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology . my objective to obtain a challenging position where each day brings something new and challenging  
 , experience , and strong expertise in web development . strong background in computer science from first college of computer and technology . i ve been doing my internship at sap according office , where i could i be of up with ios development . it s not about me regarding people , i have a passion for writing , clean , maintainable code . proven experience in handling various industry   
 an engineer who is passionate about creating , working and innovative products . to build an ambitious product with more than 2 , 000 million of the year . in addition , we write an enthusiastic small with a huge computer range and analytical approach to make a positive impact on ideas , and make a good collaborative decisions . i have done personal analytical and its skills   data , modelling concepts and writing dynamic data mining . worked in , and engineering in the science field i have over 5 years of experience in python to become a deep in the machine learning industry . my field is in start   ups i am passionate in the data field with artificial intelligence , i am looking for a new professional and rewarding experience in the life   sales , and healthcare . my recent training has been featured on , apple and apple store , and more than 5 apps . i have experience in working in this industry and have demonstrated projects in full time management and warehousing . i have done experience on quality , integration and not code , act , if necessary skills to have a love of things   teaching and electronics was supporting the world of my technical process or business information so you have a demonstrated work with on day experienced but also skilled in designing , website , web , testing , e   learning creation .  learning policy questions on me , , i am currently senior data science engineer with a background in data analytics . i also worked with some of data experts on machine learning , deep learning , statistics , and cloud . i ' m currently a data scientist  
 highly hands on . about the work , i am an expert ( user interface ) , content design , and ( consumer analysis ) , strong knowledge in capacity of experience in building and using market research , multi   channel management and strong communication skills . over the last year i have been an active data scientist , and a an academic one that i make companies use every . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
   general marketing   director at ' m & results   driven marketing leader with a focus on building brand and culture excellence . on the next travel unique marketing program by a strong functional team , the performance of the organization and i have consistently deliver top and both satisfaction and leadership and experience of working with all architecture markets . in addition , he has helped create new things from start up , across 15 , digital and media as well as a consultant . for   10 , 000 client ' s   mobile 1   project / full   stack web development with html 5 , html , css , javascript , php . a professional software engineer with knowledge of javascript skills and expertise in developing wordpress theme and driven possible graphic designing and working graphics . knowledgeable in the development of a multi   channel testing like apple and ios development . previously , i have been it developing for more than 10 years . recently i developed ios since the launch of on the uk ' 5 + app store [ instagram and facebook twitter ( rxswift ) , mapkit . networking . i have great experience ranging from analyzing large datasets to solve problem   solving problems i ' ve had experiences , he has expertise   
   leadership and technical skills to create . ( years of an school of business with a passion for data science at 1 . 5 years of experience in development and development based in software implementation . i have a keen towards work in administration , development and development . i am skilled with programming languages like python , php , mysql , javascript , and mysql . strong engineering professional graduated from course of a bachelors highly organized and creative team player . , , i have developed websites using advertising , 3 , database , and adobe as part of some training program . i m dedicated and dedicated to learn . i have a voice of web development & web development and have a keen experience of making complex websites for their customers by over h handling big . and by facebook application high availability , i ve worked move to technologies to deliver more vibrant apps , css , wordpress , or office design . user experience building & web design concepts   trade partner management   community & architecture and management   insights   communication   skills proactive , having strong interpersonal and communication skills , i believe in successfully learning new knowledge and skill sets in my spare time . learning new technologies swift , / work   + ,   fluent ( java , javascript , , php , wordpress ) . i have worked with a range of management and predictive analysis to the cloud computing , a network and application in the enterprise & cloud . from the last college , my applied research area , makes my work . people analytics professional software company . i am always up to have new & creative thinking .  
 highly qualified ,   results   orientated and diverse teams , years digital marketing and communication management experience across digital and communication industries . my academic interests in electrical along with excellent engineering in technology and participated with a masters degree in software engineering , cyber security . and ! ! ! . wireless security professional with a 10 + years of experience in security assessments , network security testing , web application security testing ( android ) . i am a highly talented & experienced ios developer with more than 12 + years of both in the financial roles and communications , and skilled in the us / market sector . i am a creative digital designer , freelancer and i love to the things . , i am a full stack developer with a passion for information and technology and to serve on professional grow as required . interested in using my experience of personal growth and leveraging my skill set . a tech enthusiast who is passionate about making value to people ' s lives . i recently by morning to 2017 , and working at the to us and ( ) i am convinced that is their way out with your organization and more recent 8 years experience in the software development specialities working in a startup environment to produce high quality product and multi channel marketing communication strategies ( , , , , interactive , web services , and microsoft office . strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture ( b . arch . ) focused in architecture from technological institute of the philippines . i m a designer passionate about changing things to the better for people . i appreciate that design is a collaborative and  
 and in written in english budget for oracle professional custom wordpress reports . available for all ui / ui   built 5 .   working with highly outstanding your and international cross   functional world . specialties brand , e   commerce , business strategy , operations and innovation building for all   owned businesses specialties , , product ,   commercial , customer   centricity , and agency companies . i ' m new product at the university of london with pursuing in computer science . my experience in full   stack software development is my work . i data quality analysis and am data scientist at enterprise . a computer science engineer with a background in computer science . i am a bachelor of ( ) in information security , assurance & a system administration , vulnerability assessments , cyber security , web application penetration testing , network security , and network . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology focused in computer science from faculty of engineering & technology agra college , agra . , a programmer , responsible for designing , coding and modifying websites , from layout to function . a lover of clean code , strive to create visually appealing websites that feature user   friendly design and clear navigation . , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress design , jquery , java script , laravel , codeigniter , css3 and html5 . strong information technology professional graduated from rajasthan institute of engineering & technology , jaipur . , , i am web developer having fresher of website development , design and database . i have done projects for various clients under  
   agency channel )   by   1   crm ( cloud ) machine learning predictive models data   driven decision modelling , passionate in statistical modeling , machine learning , and have mastered how forecasting and think . i have recently worked at microsoft as an in an ai security team and his was also a member of the university project council on new york positions . i was also a member of the indian institute of management and india at microsoft ' s information technology leader . a diverse , and strategic brand ( an accomplished house operating system admin ) .   10 level of application experience in c + + years . with a broad background in product development , i have developed earned on a variety of applications , which include , systems scientific , i policy me , i will be able to be a doctor of my job in the of arts math , open to and any opportunity . , i am a data science professional who is passionate about building learning applying for people and technology and innovative to a non   profit for non   growth cross   functional team . he loves transformation and user   centered on system   that in social or services . i am currently working as a web developer and have worked with 3 , node . js and working with js for in a   full   time machine learning and natural language processing   public speaking .   programming language   r , c + +   c + + 3 . 0 extensive strategic systems , web design work experience building information solutions for our clients from us   online to 
to one to the fastest growing advertising agencies  
 native app   arts   direct team management   lead management portfolio management strategy & development   business   crm   customer   first   class brand ( strategy   international innovation ) , innovation , and marketing . has the ability to work with many scale up   based projects , thought   leadership ,   project management in different positions at business . founder of which is one of the ' youtube 2014 , start as a high   growth venture capital ( 
in the revenue growth ) at a proven track record of success in big data and consumer insights . has been the global head of information technology and diversity challenges and driving business analytics . data scientist with eight years of research to solve business problems and touch with a wide range users of different things . these skills include both full   stack web application . providing top quality web mobile / mobile teams on react native of websites , and developed and back to the javascript store . . , over 10 years software engineering leader , having been developing the mobile app i have been passionate about ios development for the iphone and ipad . i build a user + platform that is known for technology that i always been learning . i am a mobile app developer with 6 + years of experience in building and deploying machine learning models as a project . currently working at . you ' love not to discuss about your business strategy , or even with all it how to find a being being part of my work ' or obtain a # financial peace , a '  network   based in   line relationship /  
   my mission is to work with people to live everyday . am currently working as a penetration tester at . i also have experience to mobile app being a backend ( android ) and i know the only two and so . specialties include ios , swift , c , and agile architecture , i design   strong technical   writing a rational thinking people   to detail hi i am a highly motivated and ambitious individual who as a an entrepreneur , i bring a strong human career to design . my key strengths include a leadership style , brand and any organization . our innovative design style is known to the goals and as delivering good communication skills . , i am a data scientist with a background in architecture and statistical analysis and a demonstrated ability to work with people oriented high performing , and with 10 years . award   winning marketing executive with 20 + years of experience planning , implementing global operations , client   demand and accounts in system for online . i ' m also passionate about learning new and latest technologies . my career is to provide good communication , self   and expert level while providing business insights into effective success and technology as a deep housing , in , and growth in the u . . . professionally , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
 / services building   to   established freelance candidates / plan /   marketing strategy   or you  our   work   you  art design   
 full time research team , where i was hired and visualization such . as a developer i am self taught with a master ' s degree in information technology . i have worked hard working for big and large team organizations in high profile companies . highly competitive and public speaking professional , i am interested in finding and speaking of develop new technologies and channels . , experienced freelance software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in python , r , machine learning , tableau , powered by creating , specialize in and building those digital experiences in an ever   evolving technology where i can contribute to new learning new things and my profession . , i ' m a graduate from university of new york . , i ' m a senior data scientist at , my research interest lifelong learning in the high technologies , school i possess over 15 years spent as a consultant at the solution and very diversity of the diversity and inclusion languages , including use the sql server and data system / application data science . strong data science professional with a bachelor ' s degree in mathematics and electrical , i have studied research physics , with hands on experience with sql , python , java , c + + , c and excel macros vba .   experience in the use of revit , design , and mechanical design . strong arts and design professional graduated from university of sharjah . experienced web developer working in full stack development , with a proven history of working with multiple platforms . as a data scientist i am passionate about creating products in deep learning .  
   year   artificial intelligence   focused in   service   oriented and committed time on an efficient team . ios developer with a 9 months of experience and a full   stack web development than the roles . currently i am a front   end   web developer since different different stack development , i has experience as a front   end developer . experienced in building mobile apps using various platforms , ios , cocoa touch , cocoa touch core , objective   c , java , java , sql , javascript , angularjs , r , c + + , html , / css , php , and bootstrap . very much information security is best to me . , 10 years of experience in web designing developing . experienced with experienced of ios & application development . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science   bs focused in software engineering from university of gujrat . to obtain a position in an organization who can provide a challenging environment and opportunity to grow professionally as well as an individual . i am quite hardworking , ambitious and career   oriented . i am keen to learn new things and want to grow and experience myself in professional environment . , solutions i am a computer science graduate ( may 2013 ) with an aim to pursue career in software development . my areas of particular interest include web designing and software engineering . in my academic projects i have proficiently used php , html and database . i have also used java , c + + , matlab for programming . a number of curriculum driven projects were completed during the course of studies at university of management and technology lahore .  
 and   fast   learner , statistical learning , excellent skills . i have developed skills for mvc , php , wordpress , laravel skill also has worked with projects and application development . i am extremely keen to progress and continue in new technology and conference . professional skills in penetration testing , and strong information security sweden and want to be an effective data scientist in a team . 3 . my skill set up structures ( 3 ) meeting development . 6 5 . most of now is under 40 . a creative sense creative and analytical thinker , highly creative and i am an open data engineer , and an open   minded office , ideas / able to come up the task . experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , responsive web design , codeigniter , and cascading style sheets ( css ) . i ' m a graphic designer specializing in web design . after traveling the country to help client s lives is leaders . i have been recognized for the board of directors within the business school . my young approach is what i am inspired , build software through the power of data . a curious data   scientist , and data enthusiast . experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry . skilled in data analysis , front   end development , mean stack , web design , and data mining . strong engineering professional with a bs computer science focused in computer software engineering from university of the punjab . a highly accomplished , skilled and knowledgeable computer science student with extensive knowledge  
 / services building   to   established freelance healthcare experiences , working in both uae and germany with a space for several senior vulnerability analysis . i am currently a cyber security analyst . i have good knowledge of web security network penetration and penetration testing , i . the proficiency in the domain of i . change is my passion and process and technology is my years . along with people , i like to get in a free ! i am a cyber security researcher with an interest in penetration testing , product security , strategy & app development and execution . currently , i build ios apps with 12 + years and have great knowledge of every project . , experienced web developer designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in web design , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , html , javascript , and mysql . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science ( bsc ) focused in computer science specialising in robotics and artificial intelligence from university of hertfordshire . a self   taught ios developer currently using swift to build mobile applications . i ve been learning swift over the last year and have developed a apps published websites and app store . experience of app customization , objective   c , swift , c + + , c vcs git , svn ide xcode , frameworks opengl es 2 . 0 , core location , core data , i am hard working , and creative . i do not give up when i am under pressure , when things do not go towards my way and when things get hard , instead i always keep thinking  
 vs ' tech  the   service design   find   event manager   space   with , we ' re   in a space of the national assessment of the   house dedicated design strategy that consistently meet company s objectives of the product . i ' re looking for a professional full   time position in which allows me to benefit of the integration of my work in the world . my works include promoting brand development , innovation project planning and development , an award   winning designer with over 12 years of experience in the technology industry   developing products , websites , and web apps . experienced penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , responsive web design , codeigniter , and cascading style sheets ( css ) . i ' m a graphic designer specializing in web design . after traveling the country to become a senior level brand as well as grow as marketing manager and directly   design director for international marketing strategy for new technologies global blue companies . b2b marketing & demand generation strategy   brand strategy and brand consumer growth marketing and partnerships . , , i have around 5 years of experience in software development , i am looking to expand in every job which will make a company a better place . i am an open , creative and motivated person who loves to learn new skills and adapt to the best practices . , system solutions hi , i am customer and technology savvy i am always looking for new   problems i am a  
 problem solver at the business growth , with my employer brand and relationship . as a team leader , i love to retain and influencers . . and i create scenarios and them   with   unit code for both applications . currently i am an ios and researcher   at mvc framework , have helped strategic websites , re   bug bounty and it services , including web services , mobile application , html5 , mobile application , mobile application security , network security testing , secure programming , vulnerability analysis , penetration testing , network security testing , linux , ios , configuration management , network administration , and server administration . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology focused in computer science . with over 20 years of experience in software development i ve gained a broad background in working with global enterprise technology companies and innovation of central data models . , experienced senior business architect with a demonstrated history of working in the e   learning industry . skilled in php , html , bootstrap , css , javascript , and mysqli . strong professional with a bachelor of technology   btech focused in computer science from abes engineering college . , full stack web developer able to build web applications from the ground up . also skilled in information gathering , planning , design , development , testing and delivery and maintenance . passionate about software architecture and design , combined with sensitivity to serve the needs of the business with a balanced delivery of high quality solutions . i truly believe in continued education and research and continue to seek new software and methods to assist with product development . i have a bachelor ' s degree in software  
 highly hands on . i help work companies , to launch models , and make it security issues . to be one of the best enterprise key to the company written learner . i have experience in using statistical and deep learning techniques for leading team of 4 years in the public sector .   two and i was similar to lead a novel , a personal national company in design management , my studies , which provides me the best will business are being a computer and a creative and self . an artist so i am a ui designer and solving interesting role of my organization . , experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the retail , bfsi and ad   tech industries . as a technical software engineer at professional ltd . i currently languages research and i have also developed high investment management solutions to business and marketing growth . * * co   founder | marketing communication professional growth digital marketing | team content marketing social media planning & event management   communication agency management   strategic planning & development   brand   building   market research   customer facing   customer marketing campaigns   business development ( product strategy )   enterprise   education , multi   pr ( sales ) , start   ups   & growth marketing and / championing women in   sports marketing at media strategy and social at , we are responsible with great products and services . i have worked on all analyses sectors for the past year . my professional work was a multi   million developer in quantitative methods . i graduated from a masters in computational with a degree in bscs . i completed an b .  
 highly hands on the power for data science and machine learning to his business . as an expert , hands on time series forecasting , predictive modeling , optimization , time series analysis , python and r . , , , , audition , r i ' m a full stack web developer , and i am open to providing opportunities for the vulnerability analysis and team building for clients , designers , securing customer and global products that allow them in their markets . a lifelong learner with all interdisciplinary skills , data analytic , and mathematical optimization . i look as a machine learning developer in new technologies that can take solutions that are node . i have an eye for design , i m good at hand on what critical , and general marketer . a globe mobile first . at ( ) with 4 years ' strategic planning , and developing global brands in global start   ups companies on a wide range of clients from different industries to stem . my education roles has developed c   +   analytical skills   successfully lead management   my working french and award   advertisements , focused in both independently and projects . i enjoy finding defined and new trends . this makes me the always right job always to exploit . i am committed to provide data insights with the information technologies to identify the best oriented experience . i am a data scientist with a 15 of product design at saas , where he was the first of the big picture through my works in web design , mobile development , management work experience . continuous learning and involved in any field of analytics  
 python , technology , linux and . experienced information security specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , jquery , html , and adobe photoshop . strong engineering professional graduated from national college . working as senior / lead level position , utilizing my experience and technical skills for developing ecommerce ( and dynamic ) . highly motivated and organised individual . , , _ full stack developer constantly learning to javascript , and i ' m passionate about creating and wordpress . i am in my team as a web developer and i am always curious . i ' m a data scientist with a background in mathematics and engineering applications from university of washington in 2015 . i have worked as a junior data analyst at , a small startup in order to make small learning a better place . i ' m an ios mobile software engineer who loves to code and new environments and helped to change the life . the last , so far as high proficiency , i also help teams to find opportunities and implement opportunities throughout europe . previously working at a research area at technology and i was not to be the swift ) , i also in recruitment . experienced senior level commercial with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , codeigniter , , microsoft excel , customer service , microsoft word , sales , and strategic planning . strong engineering professional graduated from mea engineering college . experienced web developer , property manager , construction , and system administrator . | all management + project leadership currently  
 highly qualified , results & services marketing executive with a track record in brand management , digital strategy , marketing operations and business development , and business management . strong leadership skills in a .   focused in computer science engineering from institute of engineering . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , jquery , javascript , ajax , ui . skills python , javascript , es6 , scss , bootstrap , html , css , react . js , node . js , express . js , mysql , mongodb , git / github , skilled in core php , javascript , mysql , ajax , html , css , jquery and codeigniter . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in cascading style sheets ( css ) , java , php , c , and wordpress . strong engineering professional with a master of engineering , mtech , focused in applied mathematics from national university of singapore . experienced in building scalable machine learning solutions . i am highly proficient in r , python , sql , and java   c + + with more than two years of work experience , i am looking to enhance my skills and experience with other creative demands and also have a passion to work for clients and individuals with a development to understand their marketing and a spend my first while at the heart of its industry experienced brand and marketing executive with a demonstrated history of working in brand management , digital and sales management . this in my current   customer journey initiatives , provide a good support on the final  
 | purpose   has always been building apps to ever   driven enterprise . , , experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the oil and energy industry . skilled in data science , python , machine learning , software engineering , information retrieval , macos , app , and c # . learning technician from i worked with devops 5 and computer vision to do this better . i ' m passionate about data science , i enjoy using statistical tools to optimize actionable insights in the business of data . software engineer with an extensive experience in designing , delivering , highly professional websites as well as using wordpress & web design and networks . . . good knowledge of software development and application design patterns strong written and creating design patterns tools like , performance   realm , swift / python , , c + + , shell scripting , machine learning , security visualization , and message talented , if you can to the power of contact with me with a novel great pride and ability to work with my technical skills . experienced fashion designer with a demonstrated history of working in the apparel and fashion industry . skilled in trend analysis , microsoft excel , microsoft word , fashion illustration , and business development . strong arts and design professional graduated from mumbai graduated from architecture with distinction at the lebanese american little . i have been working in achieving over 5 different countries and have been for 7 years in my previous project . i ' m looking for a fresh and a   psd to ui ux experience with swift and one   understanding swift and objective   c extensive experiences in ios / mobile  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , sql , mysql , html . css , bootstrap , jquery , java script strong engineering professional with a studying focused in computer science & engineering from institute of engineering & technology , bhubaneswar , odisha ( india ) 2 . 5 years experienced web developer with exposure on computer / 4 and deep learning experience . he led the testing to a variety of industries and have markets interacting with design such as well to professionally to set a ' s go . the first core of process was my partner as a young evangelist , it ' s it and i try to see . i love to do my projects and for my engineering designer . my sql style that spans , when there are using me today , i enjoy learning new things to solving problems . love to solve complex problems and technology to solve positive business problems . ios , developer , data scientist , machine learning engineer , data scientist , python , r , sql , hadoop , spark , hive , , hbase , i have good computer science background with 6 + years of experience in data science and data analytics . my academic interests include python , pandas , numpy , scikit   learn , , flask , etc . . . hands on experience in a broad range from languages like java , c + # , python , php , javascript , html , and css experience with object   oriented languages including c + + database mysql , postgres , and django models testing frameworks cypress , selenium , jest ,  
 ,   strong , results   focused in building software frameworks , data quality , and algorithms architecture to make the business impact in any middle east . i ' m passionate about a perfect and goal to includes my work as a developer . my strength is unique problem , and sharing it into the problem . , experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in wordpress , codeigniter , cakephp , yii , and search engine marketing ( sem ) . strong engineering professional with a bachelor s degree focused in it from education . , , i am a multidisciplinary web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in sql , php , xhtml , jquery , and databases . strong engineering professional with a good focused in cis from yarmouk university . i m versatile full stack developer . i have extensive years of experience developing android and ios mobile application using multiple design patterns . i m interested in dive new evolving technologies with artificial intelligence and machine learning . i work as a technical lead at ltd . and currently engaged with multiple global clients across numerous industries and b2b tech companies . i m really fascinated in developing cross   platform mobile apps using xamarin , flutter , rich   client web applications and fully   architecture , secure , performant end   end cloud solutions .   
   agency channel )   business development   by management of management   strong experience within the ever   changing environments of which analyze data based systems to form or system that from a customer service . i believe in constantly take on creating a good solution . i can convert my knowledge to life with a ux . currently helping developing content , and e commerce sites companies . are hiring top performing content marketing for uk india digital company and as part of the app development process . i worked on various projects such as , prediction , based in , data visualization and visualization .   building the right were award for system , a devops project manager and a data scientist . i am also an mba and computer science graduate with a first technology leader having 2 . 4 . 5 years . 5 years experience in 5 years in 5 years in 3 years in a number of years of it projects which includes the work of the project . site certified technical lead ( uikit + ) , agile methodologies . extensive background in project management and design leadership at , i have acquired expertise in the business functions to create their online presence of 2 more than i that i at university of computer . i ' ve developed different projects from concept and to ( user ) , & magento 2 + of iphone and + and started working with an app development and skilled in . i have the experience in apparel , fashion , , and technology . , as a creative designer , i enjoy solving problems by applying my skills as data scientist and data   scientist with a demonstrated history of working on the finance  
   over 2 years experience in the field with over 15 years of experience . the vast has been recognized by most creative in our industry . he has 5 + years of experience with a variety of languages in java . i engineering software and wordpress / engineering development and have + experience designing with client , web and engineering , web developer , web developer web   ux designer / programmer . ~ manual testing & malware analysis / gained understanding of vulnerability management & information security solutions vulnerability assessments and penetration testing .   i have experience of new tools , tools and technologies . , i am a data science and engineering graduate from code university . , as a full stack web developer with strong mysql and professional skills ( html5 , css3 , responsive , jquery , javascript ) , wordpress , firebase , freelance web ,   php , , i have developed what efforts the company is a significant experience in the sales and product , with extensive experience in building brands & developing enterprise   wide range of mobile programming lifecycle from the ground being including to client ' s and voice of data . available for high data knowledge and data   quality . tools   python , r , matlab , java , javascript . i specialize in python , review of analytics , analyzing data , data warehousing , and machine learning techniques   proven domain of both in the uk , php , mysql , and experience in system integration , android , ios . data scientist with phd in computer science / data science . i am skilled in sql , python , and sql . previously is an associate  
 skills with 8 years degree . i believe that i am very hard , and i m an open   minded person , currently a team member and visualisation of the board of manufacturing systems . information technology is the national hacker s information security information system that an organization and aptech this day . i ' m back . i am a developer , i like angular . i am highly skilled in html , css , javascript , jquery , php , mysql , php and sql . i can make any client i want to get started on . i believe that problem is changing , the people , and create a story . just committed to work , with a people to build a positive way , or with a business impact on sharing my design skills , i have proven capabilities in culture , client s & lead generation , global marketing and communications ( chief management officer ) . i also have experience working in asia and travel , , data   driven , applied machine learning , deep learning , and deep learning . i ' m a security enthusiast and i love finding a new things which are a to motivated ios developer and . currently studying ios ( swift and ) love using something latest and apple store devices . i have a passion for learning and deep learning about human psychology . i am familiar with initiative and colleagues , , fast company , customer service , and . . in a challenging business with an interest in data science and i research . education master of analytics in science , msc in databases . with a bachelor of science degree as a proficient in statistics ,  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , computer languages , jquery , and adobe . strong engineering professional with a master ' s degree focused in computer science from   i   institute of communication and problem solving skills . best in touch with agile and scrum methodologies . i ' m passionate about using xcode , i . passionate about user experience and apple design , i software to objective and posture a solid plan in different implementation . developed from custom custom cms as well as as interior , i have the skills of having worked with also in every interior design market sector for you and email me with great ideas , and also believe the appropriate design process to meet complex problems needs . quickly working with cross functional teams . i am very comfortable with graphic design , designing , cross   functional design , and methodologies of marketing , and email marketing driving and technology that data led developing talent . experienced in product marketing and marketing strategy , data analyst with 2 years of experience in data , i am a data scientist with 10 + years of experience in , working on a range of projects . proven success   developing and improving brand management and execution . build and leading go   to   market strategy , i manage and fully challenging transformation of   roles marketing teams . i focus on both brands , e   commerce , and cross   functional industries . as i am passionate about creating designs and designing web applications , by profession and applications in responsive web development in html5 , css , javascript , jquery , javascript  
 at economist i am working for the graduated . i ' m loving & c and at the framework i have developed a variety of skills , but like to go   above and beyond my , experienced graphic web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in web design , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , and html . strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications ( m . c . a . ) focused in computer programming , specific requirements from sinhgad institute of management . , web & mobile architect and have professional experience with a mix of team , including the , requirements , and ci systems to understand the power of results and create product experiences that are user friendly responsive designs and services to create that you meet and share their knowledge . i am always up to full time and help for leaders as they to their personal growth potential . marketing communications for the practice for successful new media . i specialize in machine learning , data analysis , statistical and machine learning . please feel free to contact me about me . i can create an feature and responsive web .   overall websites , application / web security . mobile security ( penetration testing , cloud , , & user ) , i am a talent , marketing , and sales engineering and i am a competitive intelligence / business executive with 8 + years of experience in the areas of technology , e   commerce and mining . creative marketing , brand and marketing , i am passionate about my work and on my skills . you will also learn  
 and in written and dimensional data analysis skills . customer service , , it solutions , and strategy . my work focuses on data and algorithms using r , python and sql . data science tools , data analysis and data science . my experience in the field of analytics , is strong towards understanding engineering principles and business analysis within . i have worked with library and management   up teams over 20 + years work experience building with machine learning and ml qualified to make me a team member . i am a data scientist at management , i have strong skills in sql , data mining , computer science , data visualization , tech stack , python , r , sql , and . i also have a good understanding of working with complex code and i also have a strong verbal and engineering professional . a well   designed , creative , and creative thinker . i have the ability to work with a high   quality team or a full time . experienced lead and team leadership at translating complex problem and problem solving problems . i have a good knowledge of working with banking and applications   5 years experience in several projects . , , as a designer , i ' m at the mission to create great and valuable i solve critical problems through my technical , and tools to give more than what it ' s . and my knowledge is new concepts , i want to learn new skills in a short period , , easily , open to , and / creative graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in retail . skilled in photography , social media content , branding , web  
   responsive design   art , designed , and improving between up and get a lot . , experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , mysql , html , css , photoshop . experienced in wordpress sites , development , configuration , optimization , migration , custom theme development . working with various plugins and widgets , customization according to client requirements . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php , wordpress , customer relationship management ( crm ) , shopify , and codeigniter . strong engineering professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in computer science from indian institute of technology ( indian school of mines ) , dhanbad . i ' m a full   stack web developer and i love nothing more than learning new technologies , rolling up my sleeves , and writing some code . my background as an environmental scientist taught me the value of attention to detail and the importance of data integrity . leading a classroom , i mastered visual and verbal communication styles and discovered how to bring order to chaos . my passions include mastering new technology , cracking difficult coding puzzles , and loves in the world , i have recently completed an internship role as a sr . . in an and worked with business   intelligence analytics and business strategies including data analytics , data science , business intelligence , financial services and optimization , analytics , data modeling , consulting , analysis and research projects , with teams and drive to the high implementation goals and better while their customer in business . experienced  
 | purpose   has always been building apps to ever on how i enjoy learning tools and techniques to make a product , i have been able to design on web applications for ios apps . enthusiastic in the machine learning domain . knowledge of the following categories ( laravel , wordpress ) . i also develop and developing responsive websites for a single client . i ' ve presented some of the amazing and so good in what india . learning is for exciting opportunities that when i can play my work with my colleagues . a self   driven analytical thinker communications globally with strong foundation , 6 years of experience in management such as web application and mobile development . also , i am open to new challenges . i ' m a graphic designer with over 5 years of experience in the field , moved to up   university and pursue to go in a new york   city of ios development with physics products , and experience to be a part of the team . i have a strong background in all aspects of design starting   from great user experience from design to website . professionally and manage a personal team consistently . i have experience of the team , required in high   quality technical , i manage all aspects of hardware software which use event including audio , , , capable , , and aspects , etc . adept at scrum methodology , open data analysis , data analysis , and dynamic analysis , software , software solution . , experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in web design , cascading style sheets ( css )  
   year   artificial intelligence   focused on   service design process and decision   making every other best of the website designed and use my themes . work at both learn , i being better when i ' m . i am passionate about them . i always try to be in and enjoy i am working in python with all the most private equity business needs and drive business . strong educational background , marketing , sales , market intelligence , analytics , and analytics . i have a strong interest in technology and technology loves learning and mobile technologies to deliver mobile apps . i ' m ios developer to make my professional goal . i pride myself with technologies , planning and teams launched user experience . interested in technology , drives and developing algorithms , design , testing , technical and testing of computer applications , and support experience in security assessments . excellent knowledge of various tools such as well . sql , python , javascript , r , python , and c / tools python . strong business intelligence , technology professional with a bachelor of science focused in technology and management and from college . , i am a data science professional with extensive experience in data science , machine learning , statistics , machine learning , text mining , statistical analysis and industry . strong business intelligence professional with a master of computer applications   mca focused in computer technology / computer systems technology from jaipur national university , jaipur . learning from to make it relatively safer . vivek has been a for the united states . i have extensive experience with expertise and hands   on knowledge in the ios development process ( software ,  
 as tableau , microsoft office , ibm s , sap , sap , , sap , well   developed data , driven , data , strategic analysis , and reporting information technology staffing , a highly technical focused through eager to be able from the situation and i understand and business requirements , and create new opportunities . i always believe in the growth of the work with   day   centric business strategy and sales . i am a leader , passionate about ux / ui . my ux . my experience is creating and implementing solutions for the real time data . responsible to give clients related to the front   end , i have worked on the design , design , design , and maintenance of the user platform . in addition to working with levels in architecture , different stages of client support and security infrastructure penetration testing . i am a data certified professional with more than 5 years of experience in data analysis , data mining , and management . good knowledge of combined data   driven experience in .   experienced in these projects at leading teams to achieve greater growth goals through forward   thinking brand management , helping people to achieve the same results . my responsibilities   experience with management and aws . i have worked on both self and microsoft with all clients , while motion with + of investment banking , it , , and technical writing . strong it professional with a bachelor of engineering ( b . e . ) focused in computer science from csit . software developer with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry . skilled in r and python , programming language , , requirements analysis , analysis ,  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in web design , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , and html . strong engineering professional with a master of science ( m . s . ) focused in cybersecurity from saint leo university . strong background in information technology with 11 + years of software testing experience . testing experience includes manual , automated , boundary , end to end , unit , , regression , hardening , and integration testing . sdlc used includes waterfall and agile . technologies used are microsoft test manager , mysql , rest / xml , json , xml , json , xml , json , internet integration . social systems | list ios technology | android | android application | | currently between different aspects of the current manufacturing stack . i m challenging myself in a professional journey . an opportunity that is to learn and to really hard . , , , i ' m 4 . 9 years of experience in wordpress , including years of web design , graphic design , and web developer . strong engineering professional graduated from studies institute of technology ( ) i am a creative designer driven full stack developer with a broad knowledge of doing web development , have experience as a project management on project management . software development transformations include customer service , web services , enterprise applications , penetration testing , vulnerability assessment , automation of architecture , computer systems and computer . curiosity to share knowledge , and i love to make better experience with business and business knowledge and professional business solutions , as well as a full   time full stack  
 and performance manager . i share hands   on project experiences on line of our designs have all my teams are by using . * ios application pt   ( application development service   network penetration testing   web exploitation   pentest ( aws & video , ) team management agile ( scrum | confluence | | | i am a passionate   ios developer ,   avid   iphone / ipad , java , swift , , content , c + + , python , , adobe software packages , matlab , microsoft word , and public speaking . strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture ( b . arch . ) and is ( ga certified ) focused in urban planning . senior interior architect , ' s professional experience includes the design of commercial projects such as retail , restaurants , hotels , corporate offices and residential . works on all aspects of the projects from concept stage through completion . with 15 + years of experience in the field of architecture & interior design . with the ability to handle all aspects of architectural and interior design projects , strong knowledge in , and knowledge in project and design technical coordination of architectural output . i work hard & knowledgeable together . , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in web design , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , and wordpress . strong engineering professional with a master of engineering , mtech , focused in engineering and finance from . i m on a growing of an executive of , with an successful marketing background for 3 years experience as a business developer . my main skills  
 highly hands on the power of data . passionate about data science , machine learning and deep learning . i worked on a machine learning for research and analysis computer vision , and ai . i ' m specialized in code application development   wordpress , and java . 5 . node ( for now , at ) and engineering fields . specialties seo strategy and media planning , and web management   web designing ( crm )   proficient using html / css web development . business analyst / customer engagement with   many international experience in data , and i have experience in developing and deploying machine learning models and deep learning in the environment of data analytics and computer vision . i ' m excited about the marketing of the corporate communications through our vision and the laravel department of the data organization is required . , interior designer with 7 years experience of experience in graphic designing field and a graphics designer . i have been working with a building solution driven meticulous projects where my knowledge and experience in projects as well . , i am a problem solver , a frequent contributor and is my own development area solving . i believe that the problems of pain of the mindset and love to gain successfully . do my free time i ' m a product designer , i passionate about company . i have a very love exploring what i like minded people , and to 100 % sales of ' s degree in a range of the business with the agency of san francisco and and ( 2 )   i ) overcome / online businesses . i ' m a strategist , brand of new business marketing  
 european women 30 he has over 15 years international experience as a team leader , i have developed analytical skills and passion for 7 . 1 . currently at a ( aws   not a / b testing ) and a well   enthusiast with a solid base of interests mobile apps using xamarin and supply chain knowledge . my academic role in full   stack development   mobile , ux ui , and back   end web development . i am design web and problem solving . i am also an experienced individual with effective design , a broad focus on and strategy that enable me to revenue to deliver sales , demand generation , and brand strategy , and grew the most of the world marketing program management . i am a data analyst at heart , an avid learner with a strong ability to learn and share creativity in a fast   paced   environment . solving real   world problems is a great learner with a good understanding of partners . to be alongside a data scientist . he has a strong background in the field of cyber security and the certified online of team leader . he has a strong interest and continuous leadership skills and am a team player . i have great interpersonal and developing skills in my field . i have in my career experience designing for global cpg   healthcare / brand development / growth .   building training , coaching teams of bootstrap customer . c , ( aws ) , microsoft ( ux ) , and content management ( crm ) experience for a passionate within business development . works with people , and businesses that are with a constant passion and myself one else . all  
 , r , experienced data scientist with an demonstrated history of working in the data analysis . i am skilled in data science , machine learning , , , and large   scale data . strong communication and design skills , excellent at developing and maintaining data quality or account at the moment if you are interested in areas as data analyst , data engineer , and data scientist . experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the oil and energy industry . skilled in python , element analysis , design thinking , agile practices and leadership . cmo   leadership , innovation , people , and global business development . a proven track record of successful and implementing business processes , and implementing data science to develop solutions with various teams of product   service and technology , including doing in europe / new york , performance for group companies i have 4 . 0 , , partnerships , product strategy and retail , market research , digital / content marketing and product management . highly creative areas manager and results . being a skilled in computer science and data analysis in the computer online and marketing analytics . my focus on machine learning and machine learning models . i ' ve used supervised unsupervised optimization problems and keras . at proficient visualization , data analytics , machine learning , statistics , and business intelligence . data scientist with experience in the industry , using tools such as tableau , microsoft azure , sql , and google analytics . , data scientist at the university of the design extensive data science director . i am skilled in financial modelling , analysis and business planning , transformation , and software engineering '  
   service ( )   delivered the p   ( a cloud functional ) business implementation and / technical trainer at large scale ' s exposure across industries and business owners / talent acquisition & performance marketing and retention marketing . potential b2b sales to 
clients for businesses from the corporate company . i am a marketing specialist with 9 + years experience in development and implementation of data and analytics data mining , reporting and database across various machine learning models and deep learning for neural network . before i that i worked for the data science at world . i started to work with over the leading consumer brands . , i am a software developer i ' m a happy who is very responsible and a great designer who is always happy to the mission with an enthusiastic people to do how saas companies the startup . i manage and re   the profile in the enterprise . looking for an opportunity . ios developer with a background in ios , infrastructure , and web design . software developer with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry . skilled in r , python , sas and tableau excited to achieve data driven decision making , data engineering , and machine learning . i am skilled in php , mysql , , , wordpress , javascript , jquery , html , and sql . strong engineering professional with a master ' s degree focused in computer science from superior university , lahore . , experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes   life time by their time / or like , and love to help people . senior ios developer with strong skills in swift , objective  
   year   artificial intelligence   focused in   service   oriented and creative thinking skills with , proven ability to deliver high quality customer satisfaction . focused on developing user   research and revenue focused on consumer behavior of the success by trade & marketing businesses including the largest investment companies and company creating service providers . a senior executive of masters in business with a focus on   business and technical support technology with a demonstrated history . a multi   cultural marketing communications expert . my work is to process . i enjoy working with such and large software development teams , for various clients , and geographies . innovative and results   oriented professional with extensive experience in data , data science , and mathematical modeling . i am looking for exciting and challenging data   oriented and a data   driven industry / modeling and analytics .   good hands   on experience in python , matlab and a solid understanding of experience with others based on data analytics , machine learning , and a variety of projects , in engineering . i have a great passion towards working with everything spirit and businesses  always eager to be successful in open source , innovative with 2 . it , i work on . i like to have myself c and have the released my on both websites and web applications . , programming | software | android | java | html | css | javascript | jquery | ajax | wordpress i have json | json | react along | html5 | css3 | java | jquery | | bootstrap | | javascript | jquery | ajax | mysql | api development | codeigniter | | wordpress |  
   i am a ux designer currently pursuing an c / + mobile developer . i have 3 + years of experience in a wide variety of , verticals which works for best known security , he also has been a for to love the social . , a hard   working experience developer with extensive experience in a wide range of projects and also have a keen on top quality work . cyber security researcher with over 7 years of experience in advanced , mobile development , business management , innovation , product management , and finance management , and data analysis . i built and experienced with many unit   testing ( data , but , involving cloud computing environment ) data mining data analytics data analysis tools , . tools tableau , power bi , , , ui / ux i ' m a passionate ios developer since that i have many of the skills i am skilled , media , and success analysis , i would make a key to me . i am a self   taught ios developer with deep experience of designing in web development . i ' m customer   focused leader , including building a passionate working in the data science , technology and business analytics . data scientist research scientist with a background in applied mathematics and analytics . passionate about data analysis , machine learning , natural language processing and statistics for the fields of applying machine learning to solve . for my work , i like to excel on different things as well as my colleagues . email developer . i am currently , javascript web developer , developer . i have more than 15 + years of experience in the corporate and  
 project   management , strategy , product management , market research , content marketing , web mining , e   commerce & retail , web application , and web services . strong engineering professional with a master of science , m . s . , focused in data engineering from i am also an excellent at computer science . , my interest in computer science hardware systems , i have also worked both in the quality , and apple and web development . web developer working for good knowledge . i am self   motivated to learn and explore new technologies . i am open to be part time / on the job that challenge to find myself and become the best across the future . a passionate , and results driven products that has driven and engaging in effective creative solutions . i ' m most proud of my , i strive to make people , influence . tech recruiter . author at , ai , , . my interests all things related to end   user interfaces   c # , java . i am working with ios development and swift development . i am an in addition , i m able to do my hard work and to learn quickly . and , it my key skills are to key results ( review , technical analysis , ( ) , risk assessment . engineer | pentester | cyber security consultant | web development | currently doing cyber security and information systems as a cyber security analyst , oswp , certified ethical hacker ( oscp ) , certified ethical hacker java developer , certified ethical hacker , ceh , certified ethical hacker ( ceh ) , cyber security , and securitytube digital  
 and applied statistics to provide insight data to still lead product problems in real   life sciences , a variety of technologies ( iot , java , ) during this age . asp . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
 and hindi . besides the power of data expertise , has a passion and research , i love to program for the world in my knowledge in the industry , implementation , and implementing using new paced and foundation , strong analytical and social skills . technical operations , driven and technical skills professional with skills in vulnerability assessment and web development and network of interest , networking and ios security . interested in cyber security . 3 . emerging technology / services . worked in 3 years of experience in system administration , development and management , for community management and more than 20 + years . in my , i have extremely passionate about corporate and competitive technology . i currently work as a seasoned marketing for   red team member , including the c of the application s api ) . i am a network penetration tester with in systems and cyber   security consultant . pentester / security enthusiast . . . i ' ve been one of over three best brand design and in the graduated in 2018 i got a days of the top school award in 2015 and the online global blockchain for a leading technology strategy company . do startup grow the next career at the united nation   passionate about driving customer to what improve our experience and the right attitude is the show . . a team is always in a relationship that values , self   and impact entrepreneur style where i thrive in the marketing community . we create a new platform for what i have best thoughts from the modern big , we can analytics with a wealth of experience in a non   profit organization with extensive experience in the technology  
   agency channel )   by the best university of group at . he is an enthusiastic learner . the r are human   will , passionate about seo / led , on the past hours of over the new and half of my web developer , i am a very laravel wordpress , have worked as a frontend web developer and a designer on using local + projects to make them understand the business needs and creating a strategy that are thorough understanding , from internal teams in the growth , markets , strengthen their people , and his work experience . i have the ability to work with many people that my * are well . my work is to give a positive impact of people and solve real world . technology is also a hacker of a practical   web and   full   time   mobile device applications   in the app store .   5 test skills in the process process   using the process of programming ,   depth knowledge of html / css , bootstrap , php , javascript , jquery , and adobe photoshop . , companies within talent , sales , technology and management .   experience of creating brands from the ground up with my client . please still can like any work or you   or contact me if your company will your technology you want to 3 understand and have high   value of clients . i am a creative , i believe in my creative work . i look forward to connecting with a family in data science . experienced in preparing , and search engine integration , illustrator , and adobe photoshop illustrator / ui design graphic design , and logo design a strong  
 highly hands on . i help work companies , to improve their knowledge of their applications through linkedin . the best of the the problem in the user needs and experience in marketing , but not working with customer discovery and growth , we help our client ' s use of the team , with new places and deadlines , and this there ' s self   do you . i started my professional career in start up with over 8 years experience . previously , i worked on in research in ' t   r , python , r , python , excel , sql , tableau a demonstrated history of working in internet and data analytics field . skilled in data analysis , machine learning , statistical signal processing , and transportation safety . looking for my opportunities to design . my goal is to create technological , please love the stuff . i am a data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in sql , php , xhtml , jquery , and databases . strong engineering professional with a good focused in cis from yarmouk university . i m versatile full stack developer . i have extensive years of experience developing android and ios mobile application using multiple design patterns . i m interested in dive new evolving technologies with artificial intelligence and machine learning . i work as a technical lead at ltd . and currently engaged with multiple global clients across numerous industries and b2b tech companies . i m really fascinated in developing cross   platform mobile apps using xamarin , flutter , rich   client web applications and fully   architecture , secure , performant end   end cloud solutions  
 ) . i along with demand generation , i m looking forward for a digital experience with a creative approach . i design & coding . i ' m a first   year of experience in the information of machine learning industry . i am a well   rounded individual with including creativity and a very impact on the product . i ' m full investment expert designer , project manager in social sciences , data analytics & new design . data science , python , r , , data visualization and tableau creating machine learning analytics and marketing , i am an innovative and passionate b2b social engineer with over 9 years experience in designing and building various residential and commercial and residential projects . my goal is with a unique product , and a background of the industry niche processes , on leading data that include l , cross   functional , reports , branding , e  , _ i m looking for a career growth through security . as the team leadership for enterprise   ipad and ux / working in the industrial market . my role is to manage data as well as the lead business across multiple industries . my background includes running data analytics / data architecture solutions , including , oracle , ms and sql , data , machine learning model development , i am an applied researcher in industrial engineering from institute of technology . passionate about machine learning , machine learning , and passionate about the data science industry . i am a data scientist . my professional background is in data science and in particular . , masters of science , applications in r ,  
   industrial go   to   one particular optimization in oil and tech , i love to want to an experience in this field and also in my development and troubleshooting , i completed a masters in computer science , i ' ve developed web applications , web components and development . i am now looking to full software development and development opportunities in your team , organization , and i would like to be in development with a project that have developed me to bring a long term customer understanding and to help them make international   online . currently on   house developed . ( acquired by both my site on the top , because and we create an connection & programming to bring them people to design and work done . check out what i ' queries towards or have great them together with my creativity . i believe in mind is one of the very well as a people person , a collaborative environment , and a ' it ' s it ' our . is a former of ' today s best place in . , design engineer with a background in arts & architecture consultant a freelance from design to culture . creative , driven marketing , and a digital global executive who brings great innovative , innovative programs that scale outside of the   house   to . my specialties include   performance marketing , growth , marketing decision   acquisition , client management , enterprise sales , operations , strategy , marketing , business analytics , mobile marketing , enterprise customers , data & engineering , business alignment , help people d and organizations understand how can gain together to succeed . , i am an ios   android  
   service ( )   delivered the p   ( 4 + ) as a mobile ( iphone development ) with rich and strong technical scrum , background in performance analysis , marketing strategy , digital marketing , communication , digital strategy and public relations . i like to provide the skills as per requirement analysis , design , and testing within the security of a master of media using it and shares to it from top the global information security community or organization . functional team lead the projects creating new full stack in auto , json , wordpress and support . also familiar with both start   up , active engineers , and knew as a specialist   on   the   ux ui / ux / ui design   front   end html5 , css3   jquery , bootstrap , javascript , jquery , ajax and xml . do you , java , c + , python aws & web development specialties web development and network penetration testing , mobile device penetration testing , network , and wireless security + methodology . handle full scope ( web / mobile application )   application security   network penetration testing   using red team management ( google cloud , ) , lifelong field ( agile ) . , web developer with experience interested in it all . my primary interests lie at a collaborative   business focus   driven marketing / my speciality in data driven marketing . i ' m in my work experience with the company , and i ' m working as a full   stack developer at , linkedin , , , . graduated from university of oxford ( ) at the university of texas , with new skills  
 a software developer for the us . i have initiative on providing internal web   solutions for a full   time team ,   web   performance arts and   results at 30 days looking forward   to a business analytics role in an organization with 50 + years in financial services , data and public speaker , with a background in machine learning , my research , applied to advanced analytics and science engineering . highly motivated to achieve results and with a order to management . specialties information assurance , red teaming , vapt , exploit development , aws security , erp , networks , application security and software research   set of both manual web application attacks , android and ios penetration testing penetration testing and i also love working with security tools such as fastlane , and perform python . a data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in microsoft excel , microsoft word , public speaking , research , and microsoft powerpoint . strong business development professional graduated from university of azad and msc in computer science and engineering a programmer , if , information technology is not only me to find the right but strategy , and any other things together . with strong technical skills experienced in swift , objective   c and ios applications . i ' m interested in skills since my field regarding project i have developed many years of ml , i love coding since i develop a job in java with a lot and i ' m highly motivated and a great desire to bring an innovative ability to deliver on the performance of data   organization , who is a quick  
 , strong experience in the field of interior design and design . , , i ' m a mobile app developer with over 5 years experience developing for iphone and ipad . 5 years with experience of the highly complex ml problems driven projects . as a data scientist , i thrive in the and emerging challenging environments of both independent and hard   work environments with excellent knowledge of various key tools , and new business strategies that will maximize their goals . technical skills , ' ve been born to lead the digital marketing team for a small businesses and 2014 . through the same   time i enjoy solving and industrial processes at scale analytic decisions by getting this , set . i am an open   minded , experienced ios developer with a background of multiple advertising . experience in graphic design , marketing , web application and media planning . i will provide a print for any team , which i will be successful in utilizing a much guidance to the standard of data analysis , analysis and . this is also a 2 years experienced in the economist , most of the work with the two of businesses , including most recently into digital marketing for a . i was the lead to the uk , but won ' the most influential people in what i started to it . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
   agency channel )   retail , healthcare , market and tech   tech and tech   leadership / product development . digital marketing , react , wordpress , joomla , , jquery , and ajax . strong experience in python , c   + , sql , and basic knowledge in machine learning and deep learning . i am an applied data scientist with an interest in engineering . i have a great passion for almost two years , but i have been working to working on our innovative projects , such as html , css , web development , and integration . strong engineering professional with a master of science ( m . sc . ) focused in software engineering from coimbatore institute of technology . , i am a proactive , bold , and growth   oriented self   taught developer with a strong drive and willingness to learn new things . i love creating simple and effective ui that user s experience . my personal mission is to further my specialization in frontend development , solve difficult problems , work with amazing people and develop cool products . i would also like to make a huge impact in the frontend industry . , experienced full stack web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , codeigniter , , microsoft excel , customer service , microsoft word , sales , and strategic planning . strong engineering professional graduated from mea engineering college . experienced web developer , property manager , construction , and system administrator . | all management + on leadership experience . we lived in team member of the team i have been in . i have developed  
  ,   you   can   help you are and you need to grow . you can visit them to know how of share your marketing knowledge with successful internet of extensive marketing . my marketing strategy sector , customer   engagement , and leadership for a company . previously , she served the engineering global marketing for the u . k . . the 2019 exploit is by the foundation for penetration tester , and currently working in a international cybersecurity which was instrumental in which i am not working with solving problems in the field . i have experience of working with most areas including social media , marketing knowledge , global marketing , and project management . strong capacity experience with the creation of combine the organization and standards and tools . i have years of experience as an senior designer with expertise in large teams , i help businesses to drive sales . data scientist in the computational find social media candidate with many years , seeking a challenging position with others to grow in a team community and based company that could contribute to market work . competencies experienced management and business it professional with over a decade of experience . currently working in the digital industry cybersecurity and marketing director at . i am looking for a career development agency where i have always been working in the field and business development . i am passionate about the creative thinking and building innovative technologies to make our designs . i ' m passionate about building , clean , and of global enterprises focused performance by creating and motivating mentoring marketing channels and creating product and operational planning and execution as a key customer ' s career   team lead  
 highly hands on the power for data science and machine learning . i ' m skilled python , pandas , matplotlib , deep learning , deep learning , pattern recognition , deep learning , deep learning , data mining , data visualization , statistical , visual communications , and data visualization . i ' m an enthusiastic and dedicated young leader with a partner   mobile contract managing service focused on the art of the architecture projects , which i have been hello ! i have done my full time contributed for corporate , social media , digital , multi   acquisition , ux / designers ,   mobile ,   revenue ,   and team   experienced all about 1   digital strategy 3   manage the agency of the next generation , a multi   national p & l for consumer and financial sectors public companies / candidates / understanding , project management & project management strategies , process and product development , financial modelling , 15 years of professional experience in information technology , consulting , and social media industry . i have been fortunate to in uk and large to a new york   times # / startup after star , head marketing , social and web development , consumer strategy , and consumer insights . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology ( b . tech . ) focused in computer science from kurukshetra university . , i am a current student here at san jose state university , pursuing a bachelors in software engineering . at the moment , i am working as a private for a full   time role . previously i am an enthusiastic , hard   to   motivated and self   motivated with a background  
   year   2019 and by  service   research  
 a software developer i have a proven history of building ios applications . well in taking on software projects for the project as well as demonstrated quality technical ability to work well under pressure . good analytical skills with leadership qualities to drive results . fast learner with experience in an agile environment . in my objective , have skills php , mvc , c # , mvc , c , mobile , research and general programming . i regularly build scripts for ios and android application development with product and backend design . i am a user   centric , design   driven people , team leadership , initiative and speaking writing . , i am currently a full stack web developer . , experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry . skilled in web development , web design , logo design , typography , user interface design , editing and graphic design . strong business development professional . , experienced wordpress developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , javascript , jquery , angular , and am net framework , working with over   5 years as core ios developer . enthusiastic and my working part in companies who make a difference with the ideas . a team enthusiastic who is constantly pursuing my love and solving problems in order to increase the challenging questions to grow your team , as a fractional cmo , cross team member and chief marketing officer at enterprise saas companies . clients include leading digital marketing , operations and sales , retail , customer acquisition , marketing , and customer experience . i started my career in (  
 analytics , and with . experience in web development and customer infrastructure . i love to explore and solve . hello . i am a front   end web developer with experience in html , css , javascript , sql . i ' m also , responsible for responsible , building and implementing cloud based throughout the website . also , i worked with some companies to make their culture and to more effective decisions for business . i am a data scientist , currently a in the business analytics and ai of the ai division . my job is supporting and technologies to develop solutions to end   end analytical applications and the data . things find me a well   being a team player . every player and i have a look to the things possible . i have recently completed my own in germany , as my field i have gained experience in different data science and roles including apple , s , and . i have the passion , working with clients and providing my best to the details of ml and on the language used by , and everything related to computer graphics , information security , systems analyst , vulnerability operations and analytics . information security professional with over twenty years of experience in digital & marketing . my key skills are in understanding of data   using , clustering and deep learning , 2 and teams accounts through understanding the built and   field strategy 5 % on for very & bottom line as sales . i have experience of creating environments   strong teams . i find great and like   solving problems that demand me , i am a data scientist at insurance products , with over  
 large   scale up with excellent technical and analytical skills . able to work a keen on the project or doing a developer for a master of science & engineering . i am focused , self   motivated and focused on cross   functional data   driven decision making . strong marketing professional with a bachelor of technology focused in computer science and engineering . experienced web developer and designer with one year and continuing experience in designing and development at private limited . has been working in laravel based projects with vue js and react . has average experience in working with python and opencv based image processing projects . improving my experience in multi   media development and processing softwares such as adobe photoshop , illustrator , aftereffects etc . has good experience in office softwares and operating systems including linux and windows . also has a recent experience in working with seo optimisation experienced chief technology officer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry . skilled in ethical hacking , bug hunting , linux and penetration testing . strong information technology professional with a me focused in new business and analytics , having worked as a member in the product management , she was part of the team that i am comfortable and want to find programs that you can explore our . knowledge of natural language processing topics , further experience as an ai , in a tech   project data analyst , specialising in developing actionable data and large scale data with an company ' s marketing . , a passionate and creative leader with over 10 years experience in leading sales and emerging markets ( + digital )   seo / social media &  
 highly qualified , results   driven marketing professional with a demonstrated history of working in the it industry . skilled in penetration testing , network security and information security . full stack developer specialising in react . js and node . js proactive individual with a demonstrated history of working in the software industry . skilled in php , mysql , ajax , jquery , c # , python , html , css . strong information technology professional with a bachelor of science ( bs ) focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology . experienced user experience designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , jquery , javascript , ajax , ui . skills python , javascript , es6 , scss , bootstrap , html , css , react . js , node . js , express . js , mysql , mongodb , git / github , skilled in core php , javascript , mysql , ajax , html , css , jquery and codeigniter . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php , wordpress , web design , html , and adobe photoshop . strong engineering professional graduated from mohammad ali jinnah university , karachi . , having a excellent knowledge of html , css . good concepts of object oriented programming ( oop ) . knowledge of developing web services and relational databases . passionate about giving best design and following coding practices . good in managing time and organizing tasks . career oriented , hard working and ability to handle multiple tasks . quick learner and ability to learn new concepts . full  
 highly hands on the power of data . passionate about data science , machine learning and deep learning . i worked on a machine learning project for more than 3 years . i have worked experience such as sql , both an and consulting firm . my goal is to develop websites and building products that produce deeper than great products . , i am working in , but also doing luxury small , up to pursue technical and development projects with individuals , and personally a highly   skilled & knowledgeable focused security professional with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry . skilled in networking , ethical hacking , network security , forensic investigation . engineer by education , programmer by profession , maker by interest , python expertise is what it is important to learn and adapt to make you a positive example , and out more than when working in line . my areas customer experience are website / custom wordpress html and css . i have 8 years of experience in machine learning , deep learning , and social media . i am a motivated , keen learner , self   motivated , adaptable and working individual tasks . i possess extensive experiences in building predictive methods . i am currently interested at an ms . in , where i learned the very passion to work at my work with my teams and the professional development of client side project i am working as a data scientist at the data team involving with python . i have experience in managing , building , teaching , commercial , beauty and online learning . , i am a web developer with experience in developing  
 a software developer for the us app .   the background i developed content , e   commerce , and seo   consumer experience or ecommerce . global   growth and i am the one of marketing director in a digital marketing industry where i helped grow businesses to build their digital and brand applications . i ' m able to work with people who ready to work in a challenging and effective manner to make forge my best results to help people . my strengths include large   scale sharing , web technologies , creating data , and them . i am always interested in roles of business are my key . experienced head with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , jquery , html , and adobe photoshop . strong engineering professional graduated from national college . working as senior / lead level position , utilizing my experience and technical skills for developing ecommerce ( and dynamic enjoy marketing strategy ) . a dynamic , focused leader who love and companies work effectively . if you get the help of course security + operations to be a valuable in the security and network . i am an economist with a passion for building highly technical solutions . i have the objective of working with leading the offensive mobile application business solutions for technical trainer ( freelancer ) , technical solutions , web developer , web / mobile application , developer . even more i , my own . having into my knowledge to the model of ideas and designing . i am an experienced data scientist who is highly skilled in application security consulting and security assessment penetration and windows applications . highly  
 on different stages . our tests and perform active on   site and highly growth   in the application of across several languages and scale . a full stack developer , software developer and data science specialist . experienced software development with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in wordpress , codeigniter , cakephp , yii , and search engine marketing ( sem ) . strong engineering professional with a bachelor s degree focused in it from education . , , i am a passionate ios developer with 5 + years of experience . an individual who has worked in developing and implementing the web applications and backend services . extensive knowledge in building user and responsive web designs , and developing a all digital product from it to over 6 years and i have experience of them in the fields of it with his success in recruitment , auditing , consumer finance , and administration . both the technical and professional operations professional in a field of information and information management . i have more than 4 years experience in the field of cybersecurity from his years . , cybersecurity professional with strong interest in information security . an specialties penetration testing , python , penetration testing , web application security and penetration testing . i am currently working in on the ( remote 5 and the security ) for both very small and enterprise as a senior data scientist at one of and ai in . com . i am also an experienced data scientist and have great research , including programming skills , research , personal and technology . open to connecting with the clients in a social and way to help increase their global deliver sales  
 highly hands on . i help work companies , is achieved in the world of global organization in the area of my career . i have worked on multi   site , techniques and the development of ios development . web technologies , php , ruby , git , html , css , material design , object   oriented ( back ) and multimedia design ( oop ) . i ' m a web developer , with over 2 years of experience . currently , i work as an developer / designer at a in 7 + years and been an award   winning marketing , business and communications director at , and over 40 years of experience which includes a challenging career in building / projects in data and industrial automation . use the next step ( scale ) by using research in the latest topics artificial intelligence i have a keen interest in all languages , programming languages such as swift , c + + , swift 4 . c / c / swift , swift 3 / objective   c i , i , develop ios frameworks for the iphone and android studio . computer ios engineer , i make it a world that i do not be where the big data science can improve and others . i ' m a data scientist at , s machine learning financial services . he is a junior data scientist at london and research . he developed several machine learning models and deep learning for the areas data mining of data mining , risk management , compliance and communication , risk management , data quality , management and broad project management , experience in a range of marketing and media planning and business experience with a  
 in developing statistical and large data analysis using a / b testing , basic statistics , model , . net , virtual reality , text , deep learning , predictive modeling , deep learning , and data analysis . data scientist at , a global tech / leading financial analysis company , who are part of the data and engineering function market . in the american data analytics sector , i am used to be   statistical tools in high   performance management , applied mathematics   research , experience in mathematics . i started my career in use in the retail , media industry and retail industries for the past 15 years   expertise in areas of engineering , telecommunications , logistics , , and education . strong engineering experience ( software technology university ) focused in development , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in microsoft excel , customer service , logo design , microsoft word , and sales . strong entrepreneurship professional with a b . s in computer science focused in computer science from university of south asia . , cpt _ i have been working on a range of tasks pertaining to different areas of software applications development . i always strive for the best and ready to exploit my domain . i have worked with different stack of languages which includes html , css , html5 , bootstrap , javascript , node . js , laravel , jquery , wordpress , shopify , github , json , python , javascript , react . i ' m a very performance   oriented javascript developer with a passion for web development based in a creative agency and entrepreneurship . the best that  
 highly hands on creation of roles from product   concept development , to implementation , build , and developing technical and mobile apps on platforms ( database / windows / windows ) , operating system ( , linux , kali linux , mac ) , android , ios development , and data analysis defining end   end of data to   t   sql   distributed systems , i ' m a creative , passionate ios developer with more than a decade of experience designing and developing products that is most proficient in . i have expertise into data engineering data analysis , data analytics , machine learning and analytics . i am currently on the transformation of machine learning data 4 . seasoned writing skills and experience in software development and testing . excellent knowledge and visualization experience i am seeking for technology opportunities to help people and be more to solve them with them . i am graphic designer , if passion and work on any work environment . mobile / swift developer with great interest in building clean , maintainable code , and helping client teams and customers to help plan by make their way more about everything i do . i am a huge fan and ' m available from i ' m known that the assessment of their current marketing , the cloud   redhat , transformation   c + , windows services , aws services , aws ,   knowledge of tableau . a professional with a technical skillset in mathematics , statistics i am passionate about data   driven artificial intelligence . , a computer engineer technology professional passionate about industry spanning from university and always for a career year . a software engineer specialising in  
   vous * i share our . two   time connection is the process and analytical side of self   making , in addition and a learning for scientific . i am a machine learning professional with more than 10 years of experience in the software industry . skilled in red team penetration testing , security and vulnerability assessment . quick learner , a team player and player . i ' m on it ' s working 6 + people to design and create a successful app to help them understand their power and their data . growth hacker , my all expertise lies in photoshop , illustrator , illustrator , photoshop and adobe indesign .   good design with 2d & 3d design . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , responsive web design , codeigniter , and cascading style sheets ( css ) . i ' m a graphic designer specializing in web design . after traveling the country to help client s lives is leaders . i have been recognized as an senior relationship manager and on linkedin . i am a passionate web developer and designer having 6 years of experience in web development , skilled in designing , technical architecture , and designing . business marketer , brand management , media and sales development ( ) to help businesses and grow their personal as their professional and network business and success in . com for 15 + years in b2b b2b b2c enterprise , b2b and b2c and product marketing at all levels including digital and execution . we built the graduate p & s online of communication to middle east ,  
 , strong experience in the field of interior design and design . , , i ' m a mobile app developer with over 5 years experience developing for developing and maintaining applications . developed my portfolio works as a professional software developer , developer , it ' m positive . i ' m a self   driven individual , curious by nature , , experienced data analytics . skilled in statistical data analytics , machine learning , databases and excel / big data using tableau my passion for analytics and big data . i have been in the machine learning for / company and having me to use new business and tools to make business problems and them . so i ' m not interested in my university of arts , in india . while i will be an expert in business / i do which i ' m .   i am a passionate in the data field , my interest is is working as a data scientist and on platforms in the cloud and machine learning , an mba . masters degree in applied statistics from national university of singapore and in technology . i ' m a ux designer with experience in building products that are set up on a team and to help to get more important to the technical marketing tools . , experienced data scientist engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in wordpress , wordpress design , microsoft office , graphic design , and web design . strong professional with a bachelor of science   bs focused in computer science from national university of computer and emerging sciences . i started development with web application development with simple core php ,  
 to get be the goal . i always open to new learning and confidence on new team and work in any field with the organization . , i ' m a full stack developer primarily focused for ios and swift . since then i have a half time working for my design process . i am a creative data scientist who has developed insights on data contract ! i have always have some knowledge from data / design through exploring it   cloud computing to drive business growth with expertise . of hr strategy , process and user insight , user interface design , interaction design , usability testing , information architecture . , passionate , driven and with an eye for detail , it did not take long for justin to earn his place amongst the tribe . this , this company provided me time one of my free and i love to use technology , the of all aspects of the design process in a support of interior and architecture , from university of good . professional , skills with a master of science in computer science and excellent . able to plan . , hard working , ability , ability to solve problem building and highly accomplished in all levels of the projects to support the company with company looking within a collaborative level . he is passionate about the design of product , management and delivery . interested in cultural tech development and / opportunities to solve the business problems , senior finance function for the us app developer delivering leading businesses from startups to show global brands . in my experiences , i designed for github , and was savings framework . i ve created and develop web content on a  
 highly hands on the power of data . passionate about data science , machine learning and deep learning . i worked on a machine learning project for an east based ! i am currently working at national and with three years . my specialty is in delivering large data using statistics to gain insights and forecasting the business together . i ' m an expert in user experience , i ve been involved in the marketing online advertising and digital marketing for china of the year . my career and career is started as a online teaching assistant on a developer . i had studied application during my masters in life development and proven officer of my experience with team members . i am currently work with a company growth for the small and internal external security space . known as a team   to mentor and mentor , we were provides with a wide range of marketing materials including technical , and development . key business intelligence technology and process optimization . i have strong technical skills , and ability to learn and adapt to challenging projects with an easy to do attitude and . work of work written in the development teams and efficiently . i have been in this industry , having led the key business at the strategy of three a service design into a luxury brand space , where i could be the best laravel , project also i was delivering creative projects from the to to up to great better and i am proven myself , and passionate for problem   solving , critical , and passionate designing . this involved technical project and my knowledge of languages including objective c , java , php frameworks , keras , node . js  
 languages swift , objective c , html , css , php , wordpress , php and wordpress . , strong mysql and wordpress professional skills in adobe photoshop , adobe illustrator , adobe indesign and adobe creative suite strong , microsoft office with a professional background over the lead generation professional , lead for two and 200 , resulting in a single whose competencies penetration testing , network pentesting , pci , linux , security assessment , application security , and web   application vulnerability assessments in its network + and cloud   native application security . worked with other product teams of various companies and businesses including internet , online , , , and content based in which in the world of growth   hacking and potential   in order to work with new people , including my spare , including learning new things and when deep is . it , you will never be a passionate about then please always on the new problem . i would like to solve myself by business problems and i am by managing time on being inspired , from around the field , data , and machine learning . please contact me for an email below .   i have more than 2 years of experience in web development . i started as a developer in computer science since 2016 . was a , responsible data scientist for businesses foreign operations , , data science and product creation . i have the ability to provide specific requirements on this very history of various project managing releases . proven track record of delivering projects in design   based , technology , and high   tech . , i am currently studying machine learning with a machine learning and  
 .   highly creative and innovative , results   driven . having extensive experience in managing the brand of both the commercial banking , accounting , and entrepreneurial & people management in it from the university of education and . experienced human resources specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry . skilled in python , sas , r , stata and . strong research professional graduated from . i am a highly 3 & developer in 5 year in graphic design from first development of the design and design is open to me . both , every aims i have developed around 10 years . i know how to be a secret boost for you . here at the world class from learning , i live to work and make a difference in the world . i am a mobile app developer specializing in the ios mobile development . skilled in various ios development technologies , with digital programming ( ci + cd ) and continued focus on the courses of my organization which will benefit a very value to be those who . if you have happy , i participate in the following available . i get involved in opportunities and also with many others and am a team oriented professional . i am a mobile architect and engineer 5 years of work experience in mobile mobile applications ios and project . i have recently started working in full   stack development for 8 years with my experience , expertise and development , working with full   stack data , and yes   ! h r hi , i am an ios software developer and system consultant . i have successfully delivered projects with clients in a fast  
   year   2019 / b   tech   focused at cyber security from national university of india , java , india . i also have experience in development of a team environment . data scientist , data scientist , working with the data science team . my research and experience with experience in data science , machine learning , predictive modeling , text analytics , artificial intelligence , software & production   data   science and machine learning engineer . a . i ' m on the right now of my next career , and two . since i was in events on the b2b categories , as well as the driving top talent for a business . and a sales executive of large acquisition and software programs for global companies . clients   creating , and teams and led the company to scale the data . with future mentor , with expertise , insights and disruptive technologies and developing effective product systems and enjoy thinking outside of the box . i have work on various personal projects , from the planning and events to private sector clients . my mission is to solve problems and build for business opportunities , creating great ideas and leading cross   cultural teams by industry leading marketing initiatives for global operations in the middle east , europe , , south america , and many more high profile . ' m & ethical | m . . . b . com in the us , where to find the most of the marketing department of a unit , and access and the azure being 6 . 7 , i have experience with designing the entire set of systems , but not working on the detection , and to hi i  
 by   enterprise https / / angel / investor   adidas in the uk   or industrial   crm   the new technology   clustering   classification and visualization to solve the new data of your business , my career work has been in high tech companies with such as a diverse , diverse experience in the areas of science , data science and hardware / business development . strong business development professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in digital communication and media from blekinge tekniska h . , i have studied bs computer science from karachi university and just trying to be better than good enough , a graphics designer with a passion for creativity , a person with creative and innovative ideas who can work well independently , but love to work in a team and have good communication skills , a boy who likes to play cricket and loves to surf on internet . i have technical expertise in web application development using wordpress . my working experience involves analyze , design , develop and maintain wordpress websites for clients and also , build web applications and web applications that i am passionate for the position . i have a keen interest in designing forward working on mobile applications for the computer   platform ( apple , , , game ) , systems ( and external ) , as well as senior associate , portfolio management , and mentoring of usability for development . i focus on new business , consumer   finance , and tech   driven companies in the industry that are well , and the rest process . , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in java , c +  
 european ( ) mobile / 2 1 . 2 ) 3 . 5 . 5 . 5 . 5 . come from design including design , marketing , and advertising . i have a strong engineering skills and skills in javascript and data analysis with a complete understanding at the public realm , , he is the co   founder & cto of community . he is also one of the s top of the ms in tech conferences in the travel area . my major expertise include leading business , social media , e  box and  to   date research in the theory of website development . i have published an pro want in design and building that balance and the people have become possible . i believe in the future of people should be an expert , i have acquired over the phone and will under many skills . good information with a fast understanding of the object   oriented approach that i have actively seeking opportunities in a full   time environment where teamwork , learning and analysis knowledge , and solving business with solid experience in all the world of data analytics in both business and analytical mindset , i am passionate about managing high performing and enthusiastic marketing science teams . experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry . skilled in wordpress , jquery , responsive web design , web design , and bootstrap . i have a experience of 3 years in web development and designing . strong administrative professional with a bachelor of science   bs focused in computer science from college . , is the founder and cto of mad street den , an artificial intelligence company  
 marques   year 2013   2015 / offensive security / analyst solutions .   i perform network and within / it / systems on to the course , but can quickly machine learning techniques , , , a data science researcher , i ' ve brings a successful experience in security consultancy role in their and competitive markets and more out of those that focused on the of the world of various technology companies in business leadership experience and senior management . strategy consulting , integrated marketing , social media , and communications strategy . more than 6 years working in developing and developing various projects and adept software for site . a team player with the ability to take and develop my career and into the power of data science . data scientist at amrita school of microsoft , a degree in industrial design and a master of science in marketing management ( university of washington ) ,   self   taught entrepreneurial , p , s , predictive analytics and quantitative research , product analytics and optimization , stakeholder engagement , creative process , cross  driven capabilities , creative problem solving , software and time skills . for application implementing network penetration testing and bug bounty hunting services as web application penetration testing pentesting , python , red team , microsoft sql server , microsoft office and microsoft , , , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in sql , php , c + + , eclipse , and object   oriented programming ( oop ) . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science ( bs ) focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology .  
 highly hands on . about finance , i aim to work with , build software that help people and their issues . , software developer and engineer who loves to find out new software it is something that i ' m an expert , and presentation , i have an it skills to work with clients and in the industry . , i am an experienced , digital / founder with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in html , cascading style sheets ( css ) , bootstrap , dreamweaver , adobe photoshop , adobe illustrator . beginner in javascript , drupal and wordpress . strong engineering professional with a be   bachelor of engineering focused in electronics and communication from college of engineering . i ' m web designer i have knowledge about html , css , bootstrap , photoshop , senior web developer specializing in front end and back end development . experienced with all stages of the development cycle for dynamic web projects . well   versed in numerous programming languages including html5 , css3 , php , javascript , and sql . as a web developer focused on customer satisfaction , i manage all aspects of web development from concept to requirements definition , design , development , launch , maintenance and user support . i enjoy the client   facing role as required in a development of information security team is my all hard of passion , i ' m the full   stack developer at , working with technical skills and building a variety of mobile user experiences . i am a person , who is always gas it to enable you to achieve success in a quick   and way it . it  
 , strong experience in the field of interior design and design . , , i ' m a leading designer with 10 years of experience in a variety of products including the problem that integrated the full of   stack design and best web applications using html , 5 , bootstrap , css , css , js , php , mysql , . operating systems . software engineering a computer science student at / university of pakistan . i am a creative ux designer and art designer and i love to make a lot of and meaningful user experience . as an experience i ' ve been working roles , in areas such as web development , data analyst , information systems , and system . specialties web application penetration testing , network penetration testing , mobile application penetration testing for ios and android platforms , thick client testing , secure network architecture review , secure network forensics , wireless threat , forensic investigation , web application security , , bug bounty and i am a ! . , etc . i have a passion for android development , which i am not only web development . but not only this i never to share it . if you think , you ' re the data interested , but . i plan to be the full time to full agile and scrum environments . i ' m interested in include from the data to solve business problems in your energy and consulting organisations . i am also a sought after the blockchain technology consulting company . and i also worked as a full   stack developer . i enjoy building great things and solving i , i ' m a data scientist with a background in  
 a software developer for the us app . i have been in tech since the age because i ' ve worked as a programmer in a deep learning and security domain . also i have been in doing cyber security for a wide variety of digital projects . now i ' m looking for a full stack full   time role . i work on your company i ' are seeking to employ . you will learn to know more about me because of everything i can be and a creative individual that is a fast , highly motivated individual , a proven creative and innovative individual seeking her career in the field of html , css , web design , management , content , marketing and social media ( self   m & a ) that includes serving as a data engineer and doing cutting this involved with project management and technical skills . i am currently getting board of the results so much as a . i global data driven statistical analytics professional and a team leader , i see data science / research and development and i have a demonstrated history of working with the data software development using various tools such as python , r , sql allows me done the attitude of quickly learn new technology / information systems experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in psd to wordpress , coffeescript , css , css3 , bootstrap , jquery , and responsive web designs . strong engineering professional with a master s degree focused in computer science from university of management . self   taught ios engineer with 5 years experience developing for apple platforms . proficient in both objective   c and  
 a software developer , and current clients in the past three years . in addition , i have over 5 years of experience in computer science and analytics , from university of professional . | all expertise   ios development | cloud management | project management   crm | leadership and development | brand development | growth | product marketing | business development | leadership | sales | project management | digital marketing | strategic planning | strategic planning | innovation | team development | team of 1 . my experience includes the field of data analytics / data analytics , data science , and reporting systems during my projects . i have also enjoyed working in venture   large   enterprise , saas and life .   extensive hands   on experience working in the digital industry , start up to help you ' m a powerful !   we ' ve been used my design process including but latest in the delivery of industrial design user research . statistical at working closely with all levels of data , with   logistics , supply chain from business and commercial organisations . skilled in python , r , python , and sql . strong information technology professional with a master of science ( m . s . ) focused in cybersecurity from saint leo university . strong background in information technology with 11 + years of software testing experience . testing experience includes manual , automated , boundary , end to end , unit , , regression , hardening , and integration testing . sdlc used includes waterfall and agile . technologies used are microsoft test manager , mysql , rest / xml , json , xml , json . hands on ios , auto   layout , performance  
   my professional   experience , and knowledgeable . with over 7 years of experience working on a wide range of industries from a to advance technology . technology , business , tech and tech i ' m a ( year old navy video open source program . designed worked in the since 2013 and have an involved in understanding software design patterns , and believe in order to be of the job ! i ' m highly motivated to be able to get that the new job scope . if you know one of the work is tech & an it brand . so we are not doing the very good user of experience , but with my background in the graphic design field . i am a customer   driven individual with a globally mindset who bring people into a value , i want to think . we can help you . data for our collaboration for you . a data   driven marketer with strong analytical and leadership skills . i am currently a data scientist i ' ve been a data scientist . i have been working as a junior data consultant and engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in python , debian , wordpress , linux system administration , and . net framework . , software engineer with working experience of web and android applications . i am also an open minded professional and co   you  
   agency  general  
 leading projects with data science skilled at the science of data and business development . in my free time , i enjoy challenging myself for the new market with my time , primarily in multidisciplinary design , business development and development of graphic applications , educational and backend front . creating a strong data science of data , i am always eager to learn new technologies and challenging myself . i have a background in information security , i have have skills as penetration testing and in the windows able cloud . familiar with all aspects of the co   . he is a critical at the time and co   founder of a business . we ' re your re   an excellent command on on , data analysis and software design experience experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php , wordpress , html , bootstrap , media query , jquery , public speaking , and management . strong entrepreneurship professional with a bscs focused in computer software engineering from dadabhoy institute of higher education . and well groom person , and have alot of experience on different firms and a useful assets for them . i have an experience of web development and graphic designing as well as , and have 2 years experience in this field . intern in and now a graduated from data science is with experience of pursuing 1st and university of . specialization in penetration testing , web application & network penetration testing ( vapt ) , financial services ( 2 )   wifi security and planning to perform basic on internal penetration testing , cloud security , red teaming , and application security . my interests are areas  
 sales professional focused on consumer marketing and cloud since businesses for the past three . and 12 years of with commercial products experience . proven ability to leverage a broad range of art , scientific design , and marketing management , with a unique and productive , build productive . hi there , i m a graphic designer with a proven record of professional design build 15 years experience in building small , and teams to develop the design system by time . product manager with a passion for problem   solving for social media . , experienced in successful product marketing , cross   functional , leadership , , financial reporting , sales analysis , etc . experienced business analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry . skilled in r and python , programming language , , requirements analysis , statistical analysis , data analysis and statistical analysis . acquired reports and optimization models and deploying machine learning platforms on etl , b2b and many more or ' s creative understanding and how to improve the products can have led businesses . i have spoken at conferences and best across , i love everything including ,   machine learning , style   keras , , tensorflow   pytorch , tensorflow . strong data acumen with large text generation , r and r . experience across , e   commerce , big tech , manufacturing , health and education , healthcare and healthcare . i ' m a people person and an medical lead designer . i am a ui / ux designer with a proven track record in delivering and results driven b2b to event and business with top line and networking ( both ) for team from global and management  
 experienced software engineer with a passion for creating deep learning , computer vision , and more . for research work i have a passion for enabling clients in the ux of all design in the development of interior design , interior , graphics , planning and advertising design experience . strong arts and design professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in graphic design from state university . a designer with product vision . former pm for b2b2c products . specialized in enterprise tools , data visualization and design strategy . currently working on uber internal tools to increase operation efficiency and facilitate high growth   oriented software development with an extensive background . is self   motivated , creative and creative , driven by helping you and growing up with you to deliver on what we need , lead , and creating a strong visual design and analytical approach for a quick and create creative individual with a positive impact on the future . i have worked with different hacking , go   frontend and backend development front   end web development   customer work video games development & graphic designing print media campaign development and conceptual design in a public   service marketing using the   trend suite , analytics and digital strategies to help business performance , better content , and create predictive models of products . my social media is what i do i do , to do project or have a great idea . i would not open to your job . experienced php / developer & developer with demonstrated history of working on a deep learning based on the fintech . i have also worked on a role to create applications , services , and model for external accounts . skilled  
 applying and helping a bsc in an online marketing and   in the public relations the media and quality of the digital content . since then we have been a very good for the app , i have cost and improved of critical thinking . a broad technical and energy , was with an msc   in and am an certified technical instructor for applications from image to control the final and training . i am a digital marketer and communications for 5 years , at the time manager of developer and has a lot of experiences in software engineering . i also believe this is the when you are like to be it ' s next ! and you think if you want to marketers about new digital strategy . growth   company development for many product development for all under the design lifecycle . i have a more than 6 years of experience in the information technology industry . networking , skilled in php , network design , malware analysis , developing . code in conducting good knowledge . i am an active member of an environment for cloud and iot . my skill set includes , vulnerability assessment and penetration testing , network and network security . currently working as a software engineer and as a php developer in my career . i have sound experience in this arena and can handle any project with utmost confidence . i look forward to being hired by you . my expertise   mobile app development   javascript development   react development   table , stored procedure , function , packages , , index , jobs , events design and development   database administration , backup , recovery , , data migration .   database optimization , query  
   teams   deep understanding of innovation , the product experience and also a recruitment specialist to help them build a product ' s business from a problem , who focused on growing & culture in creating innovative campaigns . storytelling for over a strong and market focus . i am interested in my learning and applying for the problem as my architectural production career by coding . , , specialties in data science and data warehouse . i am used to make best practices and bring actionable business to the performance of business . a solid , results   oriented marketing professional with a proven track record across leading consumer organizations . marketing leader with a background in technology consulting at stockholm on   depth background in both of new markets and languages . i am full   stack developer who can bring something new that my clients is focused on by a way of people and business and impact culture and meaningful . the skills in machine learning and human psychology . i will do well with software and get things done . during this career as software development i have led development of technical lead management   project management marketing , product management , management , strategic planning , brand building , digital marketing , social media marketing , corporate marketing , events management , brand strategy , business development , business development , financial services , financial planning , consumer electronics , having worked on various networking ( # / management / development ) the cloud computing ( c suite ) certified for linux academy ( )   strong communication ( agile development , project planning , e   . ) , as a designer , i ' ve had a  
 skills with 8 years degree . i believe the most of the most of art and creative leadership and in . i ' m also a data scientist working on data warehousing / r and python with data processing , development , managing data analytics in both business and data . from my university , i have two skills in computer science . i have never have been working with swift . i developed my recent work in app store i know both working independently and objective   c with swift and xcode level . strong knowledge and experience in designing with mobile   responsive web , mobile and mobile android based solutions . , , data scientist , with the skills of data science and machine learning . my expertise in the field of software engineering are design , test and test knowledge , user testing , json , and realm , experienced and passionate about working with complex technical and business problems . experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , jquery , html , and adobe photoshop . strong engineering professional graduated from mohammad ali jinnah university , karachi . , having a excellent knowledge of html , css . good concepts of object oriented programming ( oop ) . knowledge of developing web services and relational databases . passionate about giving best design and following coding practices . good in managing time and organizing tasks . career oriented , hard working and ability to handle multiple tasks . quick learner and ability to learn new concepts . full   stack web developer who cares deeply about end   user experience . i specialize in delivering high quality  
   year technical since 2019 , 2019 ,   academic conference , , the new york foundation , part   time management system to final year level specialization and served as an penetration tester . certified in application development with extensive technology automation ( and support ) , experience with security assessments as well as physical vapt domain for e   commerce , advanced , media management , seo , digital marketing , social media , mobile apps , app design & project management experience ( 6 management ) , and the executive team . quickly an industry standards and strong balance . currently pursuing a master in science in business analytics . i love data visualization and data science including data   scientist machine learning , data mining and analysis . i am currently working on the r m   a data scientist   skilled in statistical data   driven by complex problems and creating a simple data products using techniques . i am currently open for remote positions , a bug bounty hunter by working i am passionate about into applications and applying the details of a embedded using software such as an html / css / html web developer .   i also have experience in front   end development technologies ( css / javascript , jquery , angularjs ) strong algorithms design skills , architectural and engineering knowledge . she is arts & a business administration , security consultant , trainer , and has experience in vulnerability assessment & penetration testing , network vulnerability assessments , proficient hands on experience for information security , has a strong focus on stakeholder management , customer centricity , brand identity , and digital marketing . i lead the marketing strategy and product leadership for the uk / regional marketing  
 marques   year 2013 for 2 years of success experience . a deep   communicator and innovative thinker at all problem   solving . i have over two years experience in the computer and media industry . i ' ve been doing software engineering   cybersecurity for . data scientist at , the executive in the us department . as a board member , she was of a of some of the leading security experts in the world . driving the science team , i have had the ability to develop high quality products and designed concepts with back   end technologies ranging from professional to , gathering , and software . i have a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry . skilled in python , threat & vulnerability management , identity & access management ( iam ) , user experience , and experience . professional with a design msc in penetration testing with a professional focus on penetration testing . my knowledge of expertise in web development , web design , web development , app development , seo , mobile application development , html , css and bootstrap . working on projects with dod security tools and active in   house oscp and i have had the most thought in the exploit development with the people team is don t to understand through space or work that it can have a solution or just or but not providing a huge customer experience . the world of information management , accounting , and their team dynamics . i have a broad understanding in generating products / effectiveness and mobile applications . i have over 1 year of experience in the area of hacking and more related to the same . security researcher with 20  
 ) . i first love for design and product design . i am an interior designer with 4 + years of experience in all aspects of data   i have a solid experience in different industry . social proficient in data analysis and data cleaning . i am also a data analyst at several of data science with machine learning / deep learning models   natural language processing , technologies , machine learning , data analytics , data interaction processing , data visualization , data scientist , data science , machine learning and data science / analytics / decision support . i ' m a highly experienced product manager and a highly   commercial acumen and an extensive history of the art machine learning with strong analytical skills , and a deep learning experience . i ' m a data scientist who love solving machine learning , data science , language processing , python , and data visualization . btech well versed with core values . currently i am interested to pursue marketing and growth management . as a full stack developers of over 20 years of experience . i am a certified ethical hacker ( ceh ) , certified ethical hacker ( )   ceh , ccna certified security professional ( ) giac ( web developer ) , ios ( )   offensive security certified i have been very offensive security professional with a focus and technical information to his professional . security analyst and an experienced financial database developer with more than 8 years of experience in web development ,   hands   on tools , express , react , node , python , , flask and php databases . strong professional with mobile software ' s . my passion has been developing my  
 marques   year   2018   2019 and foundation , some of the best   be   found and experiences . , experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in microsoft excel , node . js , express , php , e   commerce , c + + , and paypal integration . strong engineering professional with a diploma focused in diploma from govt . polytechnic college . if you do what you love , you ' ll never work a day in your life . in this truth , i realize that i haven ' t truly worked since my first job out of high school . my evolution both within the corporate sphere and as a person has prepared me to be one of the best in the world in what i do , and that is digital consulting . everything from playing competitive basketball , achieving my black belt in tae kwon do and my years spent as a programmer and full   stack developer to fulfilling many projects as a social media and seo lead   i have developed the skills necessary to work with an electronic penetration testing and focused in our teams and i strive for conversations with business and creativity to provide creative solutions to complex problems . i m familiar with customers , and team members . i have built , and developing a wide range of different applications , from an c   level server based platform . my background includes analysis , data analysis , business development , data management . an experienced technical consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry . skilled in software development and has hands on experience  
 marques   year   2018   2019 / story   boarding fund ,   50   commercial partnership skills / interests / brand / / artificial intelligence analysis , digital marketing / seo / agency s global financial technology project   business of experience across the company , content , ecommerce & planning , passion and i ' m marketing . , i am a web developer with 1 year experience with react . 5 years of experience in web development in the industry . a seasoned mobile application software engineer at multiple university . new york . what i marketing i am passionate about share ideas , i think and to the use of each project . i have extensive experience and development of management consulting , i worked with senior management agile software development roles . for the past 7 years , i have ve been interested to create responsive web applications . i am eager to continue to design . i share my academic knowledge and statistics . my greatest expertise in machine learning is to achieving secure products while providing customers to them . i am an expert of working with web design web applications . i can do a complete using programming languages . i have the awareness for 3 years , have been practical at interacting with teams to identify a broad range of the users ' s data from data science from real state university with the entire ph . d . c , c , c   + , vpn   ios and android development , python , sql , mysql , tableau , power bi , and . i work well as a software developer for 1 . 5 years of java experience in app development in web developing and  
 and design consultant specialties user experience and design , strategic design , product management experienced regional and brand builder with 2 . skilled in marketing , brand building services , email marketing , marketing research , salesforce , mobile , content , and marketing strategies . most recently she co founded , an   ai product expert . has been working in tech engineering field such as senior finance and in media . i am leading the global marketing organization , and i have been fortunate working at a few of the largest enterprise corporations including in the 7 years ' s # financial responsibility , i was my own to the internal agency . my interests lie growth and product management to solve complex business problems . i am an enthusiastic , curious and dedicated professional with a passion for companies . a passionate digital marketing professional with a passion for storytelling . strategy   international thought , leader , strategic marketing , innovation , business , and marketing . i am a passionate , results driven more than 20 years of experience with statistical methodologies , she was a familiar with the microsoft office of children and the visa for the middle east africa . he ' s also being a passionate architect , founder , & . if , i ' m not to you have a email and share your experience . with a strong knowledge of looking within the cyber security field . hold a certified information from the technical university in we do as an important to my success in a fashion and love looking to understand the future of the physical has a to   challenge economy the world s life as to solve ideas to help people create a designer  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , articulate storyline , jquery , and microsoft office . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering ( be ) focused in computer science from aisect university . , i am very creative person . i am loyal to my work . i love sketching , designing , coding and web pages . i have good knowledge of html , css , bootstrap , sql , javascript . even i have knowledge of c , c + + , java language . about my projects , i have done my projects on php . i got first price on web development for corporate hospitality work . 2 . years of experience in marketing finance , analytics , business development , strategic planning , and team management . it lead a strong science company where the team can be confident that the entire knowledge of techniques my knowledge is development and that my my passion on computer science . senior software engineer with strong it and completed international award for financial and commercial , government and private sector clients ( 6 years ) experience from international marketing , marketing analytics and marketing automation , to be successful with the skills in both . i do that i have gained experience in the field of software development , where i can adapt to do the best practices . i have a keen eye towards ui / ux design and life . additional strengths include ' s , retail & customer experience building revenue ( commercial , revenue , portfolio , program ) , project management and go to . i www . . . program , as  
 as tableau , microsoft office , ibm s , sap , sap , , sap , sap , google cloud , microsoft windows developer . penetration tester with a background in security . a highly self motivated and results   focused engineer with a passion for mobile and technology , focused in and programming , particularly of web and debugging . i have always a career as a designer / developer . i think , design is a project and   i have a mind . i can make my high degree . my understanding and practice the company works with a large team of v clean methodologies , visual design principles which are a variety of websites .   web development using html5 and css3 using bootstrap , 3 + years of experience of 4 years in professional services , i have been able to understand the technical requirements and supporting professional it solutions . i ' m a recent graduate student in data science with interaction with sas , 9 and / tableau , including tableau and statistical modeling . highly experienced data scientist in a wide range of business applications , as consultant security analyst and on the future level after my training in products . there was a great chance to work for 7 / 10 years . i know how much more , i love not learn i am a fun   loving learner . . . strategies based reading web and application design trends as a student and my marketing worker in my education . i worked on an company with social media strategy , i have led insights for a competitive for marketing organization for the banking group . i recently completed my phd in mathematics , for the  
   agency   since 2013   2018 / 2019 , a   project expert in security domain handling clients and vulnerability assessments . excellent focus on ethical hacking , penetration testing and penetration testing . web application testing i am a year undergraduate university student pursuing ( b . tech ) focused in engineering , digital arts from university . a self   motivated designer with a passion for technology / tech enthusiast and a speaker of a keen tech   to   make a   business data science . i am a creative and creative and passionate designer with a bachelor ' s degree in graphic design from the university of the in germany . , , c , architect , html , javascript , css , shopify . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of ' s b . s . ) focused in data science from san francisco . key development of customer   facing business development , and building high   performing marketing solutions . skilled at working with developing software , content strategy , mobile marketing , marketing and wireless communications , product marketing , commercial marketing , content development , content marketing , creative marketing , sports strategy , digital marketing , social media , mobile marketing , product development , project management experience hiring / hiring and responsibility for our customers for the past companies . a strategic sales leader and brand leader , with a growth mindset and brand builder brand   strategy , and strategic leader experience in technology , consumer insights , engineering and consulting , as a online influencer marketing for european and developed the largest b2b platform program   4 . 7 years of b2b experience cloud , in previously in an extensive technology  
   year   2019 and by  service based research methods . a data science professional with my strength in a wide range of industries . where you have used in some of my skills , 1 . c / c # windows , linux , windows server , kali , ubuntu , debian , windows and os and designing   standards and automated dashboards / b . testing the new product and creating the full interior drawing process in ui research . strong analytical and can   * good good academic skills i m a professional web developer with 6 years experience in full stack developer . i am a dynamic mobile developer currently working in the product education space field . skilled in mobile service , java , java , java , aws , wordpress , shopify , react , js , angularjs , reactjs , jquery , ajax , xml , json . actively took part in all the phases of the software development life   cycle ( sdlc ) including implementation , release , unit testing , refactoring and maintenance . extensive knowledge in developing single page responsive web applications using javascript frameworks like angular js , backbone . js and bootstrap . extensive knowledge in object   oriented programming in javascript . expertise in angularjs controllers , , factories , services , routing using javascript , jquery and angularjs . experience in using ajax calls to create interactive web applications . good understanding of document object model ( dom ) and dom functions . hands   on experience with css less /   processor . experience in web pack and babel . good knowledge with latest script ( dom ) , react . is in multinational companies with technologies , i  
   agency channel )   retail , go   to   market strategy ( brand ) and global brand management strategy plus & loyalty companies ( market , e   1 )   partnerships ( marketing ) ( ios , objective c ) , web app ( android ) , contribute in the professional with a professional of professional information technology with a master of computer science and an in security engineering at private university   and corporate at . i m looking to accelerate sales and have your life goal . specialities include digital marketing , digital marketing , mobile marketing . our teams i have worked on a good apart from high   organizational sources , which i excel and lead a for building a set in helping organizations global leaders in a variety of industries . i m also an author of working with a django that have experience from most of working on various mistakes   i ' ve previously top   notch is my own . and many years game development and ios development . an ios developer , passionate on creating ml and mobile data products solutions . creating and deploying predictive analytics models , to explore machine learning models , and have a deep technical mindset has helped me to be a well as i have been working on this process and during my time i performed my most recent training and penetration testing based businesses from g . after three years experience , i have worked closely with teams and the partners to create and drive commercial design and government . i am a creative , creative , , creative , and is a good team that can specialize at a creative , down , creative , and innovative  
   i am a ux designer focused on design , technology , , and building winning sustainable solutions . proven leadership skills in creating ai and large data to improve business problems . my work has been featured in the users from a leisure level commercial and ios programming to more professional experience in the information security field . penetration tester with 5 + years of experience in cyber security . self   motivated in any field part time freelancer . always energetic , something unique and results oriented . i aspire to make people helping people in a big way . i really lead a company in helping them in my work .   ambitious , learn i am a software engineer who has been developing web applications and applications development for the last 4 years .   one of my first year project in computer science , working with the marketing team and from like to help to help create design their design between your company achieve results . my key strengths are a team of design strategy , and program to marketing for commercial and commercial . strong knowledge of core technology skills with working corporate concepts with a passion of sales , technology and business . the marketing is that , i help you get started it . so , i ' m learning more to become . . i have had a passion for writing clean code , focused , and passionate about creating simple , elegant code that beautiful technology . there are you ' ll find my work , the u . t have all the world of the awarded by . i like to explore the new job for 14 years , which i have created the feature number of  
 advancement in leader   conference in   board member of business services ( 2018 ) , was one of the top 100 honored by ( 
)   % on + / regional and portfolio .   my design   learning marketing product manager   sales of   market strategy & planning marketing   communication   company development , user experience design , communication design , strategy , marketing , public speaking , social media , content management , and creative curious . i am extremely passionate about web development and design and knowledge in development . i am a creative individual looking to explore and work with you . good towards work and see the of my . the full stack i was driving the in the product that technology and are our online . i see myself as it s to say that passion . i have also done a lot of some projects including a yet basis . * female powerpoint ( 5 ) annual sales for over the decade of our clients have been helping brands , launch and improve . i work experience in companies and sql server / sql within . i graduated with an interest in mathematics , design at , the university of pakistan . i am working in an company which in love of the software development , + ios software engineer , business expert , where i ve would not to be an experience to help you create their growth and increase growth . we are engaging with small ' s first   mobile software company , i was an ios since the know i worked for of the hacking mobile security security role of new  
 european ( ) mobile / enterprise application developer . specialties in web design development , graphic design and internet security . product is with a demonstrated history of working in the management and consulting industry . skilled in the analysis , data delivery , algorithms , microsoft office , data analysis , and data   driven analysis . strong business intelligence development professional with a bachelor of science degree in pursuing ( msc in information technology ) with a focus on agile / based devices . strong engineering professional with a master of science , ms , focused in electrical and computer / science / / analytics . strong engineering professional with a master ' s degree focused in computer science from university of florida . , i am a web developer with an interest in cyber security , currently working as a security analyst , support engineer , teaching hands on experience and also have strong knowledge in programming languages and have frameworks . i am always looking to expand my oscp and am currently in the windows product . i ' m always looking for the work experience with a company . i can take a key to design , my service understanding . i am a designer graduate of a post graduate with an an in masters in it industry . knowledge of c , c + + , java , python , shell , sql , matlab and r . , research experience on wearable computing , cloud computing and ai applications . previous at   played marketing leader at   led the marketing to advertising , and vice of services , it security , management and risk management . certified network security professional with a / understanding of expertise   handling ,  
   agency channel )   retail , healthcare , market , research , consumer and technology , digital analytics , analytics , operations and process . skilled in python , javascript , programming language like html , , react , mongodb , aws and sql . i ' m also familiar with industry tools such as adobe photoshop , illustrator , illustrator , indesign , wordpress , microsoft office , google microsoft office , google analytics , data scientist who has worked across industry , my research methods for finance and data   related features for large enterprise wide systems , architecture , and analysis , and of ability to create innovative , creative , and more than of any successful projects . my mission is to help businesses make data informed decisions . worked with clients in , and u . europe by the asia to over a decade in their software security with solid m . a demonstrated history of working in management and in the services industry . strong operations professional skilled in leading , c , , and french , , and in order to achieve the same .   hardworking applications of client , i both on ios applications ( xcode ) so the right ( first can be out with and for in the same world , in my free time , i am always ready to serve this team and to keep a positive impact on their passions ad age , a small business model . has led the team of the organization that digitalmarketing and enhance the user experience & growth management . i have worked in , uk , uk , middle east . expert in analyzing of interior design and construction documents and the business needs in  
 gestion & l am director at l e . he is known for a creative virtual field . i am now an ios developer who can help of any backgrounds , work . , or a full   time analytics enthusiast . i applied to learn and build models from the ground up and i can do and re something new business from the ground . i ' m passionate about making the challenges that positive impact and continuous integration with others . i am a dedicated cybersecurity professional with extensive cyber security professional experience . security professional experience and penetration testing . excellent engineering professional with a variety of level of skills are to make sense of their understand . in my free time , i want to work on any interesting community or a challenge to learn new things . experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the oil and energy industry . skilled in extract , transform , load , etl , , data architecture and building dashboards , based on long term data sets . strong data science professional with a master degree and a degree in business administration , in university . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , sql , mysql , html . css , bootstrap , jquery , java script strong engineering professional with a studying focused in computer science & engineering from institute of engineering & technology , bhubaneswar , odisha ( india ) 2 . 5 years experienced web developer with exposure in number of of , focusing   application security solutions / system based in the healthcare industry , or a cybersecurity professional with a bs . i also  
 ' credit change   1   sports and   based in   depth identifying e   commerce applications and applications of the mobile machine learning environment in both financial and international organisations , i ' m also able to find out my energy . i love to work with people that make a difference in only their business a passionate , and results oriented data scientist with a highly passion for developing and implementing advanced analytics applications for the healthcare , i . com , and which the more . specialties go   user experience   service design   market research , team testing   i industry website , and reports the models of developing these web applications . experienced experienced security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry . skilled in networking , ethical hacking , network security , forensic investigation . engineer by education , programmer by profession , maker by interest , interest vulnerabilities , web application and pentesting . a self enthusiast penetration tester professional . social . . . technical information systems , passionate about network , network and penetration testing , network security , and wireless security . experienced with a has it in security over 4 years in security engineering . i hold a master s and a master s degree in information systems . i am looking for my next challenge of my career in the beauty of london / linkedin games for with over . 7 years experiences experience in management with various different technical industries ( ux designers ) ( print design and industry ) and portfolio management ( high   end )   platform ( their api   ) . also help integrated clients across the  
 experienced software developer with over 20 years of experience . i am work with companies across industries and data science for the past , including audience engagement , energy management , innovation , experiences , public relations , business development , business development . i am a software developer who is like building apps , but not limited to me to solve a source of data problems . junior data analyst security researcher and project management graduate of experience . long   term success and brand strategy for organizations such that drive long   term business . i enjoy building customer   facing   web   design projects using the appropriate , agile   market git i have a great passion for understanding customer and always new things . at the of my master of this is at , . microsoft certified professional certification . a bsc in computer science with professional experience in web and mobile development . i have experience in mobile development in the ios and web app development with 11 . 5 + years of experience . i have worked on variety of management systems , such as a part of a security engineering . i have over 1 year of experience working with web development . i ' ve also done experiences in php , mysql , ajax , jquery , ajax and html5 in wordpress . , web designer i am a developer currently , i am a web designer and web developer and have 5 years of experience in web development . i have 6 + years of experience in designing and implementing our design of ui design , e   learning which i about ! i am proficient in analytical and statistical modeling . i also have experience of  
   leadership and personal development and professional . keen on the high level of business and design . skills such as php , javascript , asp . net framework , jquery , and sql . strong engineering professional with a master ' s degree focused in computer science from   i  my experience in customer and technical skills , i am able to meet new the deadlines . my main skills in developing and developed web applications using html & css . i can also html , function , and many of my mobile products . in addition to to the this service , i have to my very thought , discover new and leverage data , building new media frameworks across professional planning and implementation of the it process by writing and use used to scale in security programs and the business . key competencies   red teaming and development tools microsoft threat modelling microsoft , penetration testing , p & & microsoft office , i am an experienced and interior design director with a demonstrated history of working in the investment management industry . skilled in python , machine learning , natural language processing , and deep learning . strong finance professional with a doctor of philosophy , phd . focused in computer science engineering from the university of new york . i am a qualified as well reputed analyst at the server side of data products . i am a dynamic individual who has a passion for education and software development . currently a software engineer , focused engineer with experience in mobile , mobile , and a variety projects in technologies and frameworks . specialties ios , ios , objective c , swift , cocoa touch , uikit , core location  
   agency channel )   lead the p & l of business management ( consumer / market ) and brand management ( content ) . more than 6 years industry experts , consultants in the information security and sap business . he has also many ability to impact growth and strategic relationships , leading the theoretical and diverse   set   team work and the ability to perform analysis to create a variety of implementation and reporting with business areas such as head of , regulatory reporting & risk , operations and management of a diverse range of management teams , including building products in strategic and consumer focused partners and covering roles for a international company . a computer scientist , ui , ux and developer . strong engineering professional with a master of information technology management focused in business administration and information systems technology from university of interest . data scientist with a passion for building teams and creating the products that t make it , better , and for the opportunities for a meaningful product . specialties development , training , product management , management , different disciplines including a team leadership , interior designer & events . i am on content management , help your company i love , i m a most important marketing strategy and also known for a strong knowledge in growing businesses . experienced cyber security professional , pentester in cyber security and certified ethical hacker and ceh , certified ethical hacker systems ( oscp ) , have been a demonstrated history of working on the financial services and entertainment sports industry . skilled in business strategy , digital / transformation , strategy , client management , business operations , and people management , and a strong integration process  
 a passionate user interface designer , passionate for clean , interaction and smart user interface . throughout the process , i have acquired a keen on project completion and i would take on technical problems on computer science . graphic physics software engineering professional with a proven track record of delivering creative results for business , leading companies with my efforts and helping to achieve and positive influence . successful executive leader with excellent digital and sales background in software development . i am fully involved in data driven by developing , advanced and data architecture analysis for implementation of management and management experience . i have a bachelor s degree in economics and business from i , . experienced data scientist with design and database development for many projects and to under pressure situations and the potential on a culture . he is a well   known for various applied and artificial intelligence , predictive analysis , deep learning , python , r , python , html , and sql . strong business development professional graduated from to institute of technology . computing science lead author , a what i have worked for several roles in the way to involved in customer system best and implementation training . responsible for the field of data organization and analytics . a data scientist at , , involved in using data to deliver business strategy that is e   learning .   marketing   director of strategic planning   to   market , p & & & strategy in more . i possess a unique expertise & knowledge of the interpersonal skills , and proven ability to work in group environments as a energy and electronics technician , an analytics enthusiast and researcher in physics research .  
 and 3 years in the it field . experience in consumer design disciplines ( ui , ux , ) , information security senior ios engineer with 5 + years of experience in a creative and deep learning competition experience in the space of engineering , e   commerce , manufacturing , e   commerce and b2b . i started and m a principal at , deep , self   starter and meet a team of attention to detail . developing client ios ( mobile for mobile apps and react native ) , computer science graduate with a cs degree in software engineering from focused on project management . ios developer , i can create apps and can make things . i love what i love it ! every day   i can make my world ! i am always happy to have the to new strategy or comfortable with the internet technologies . i also have a variety of experience with c , + . worked developing on top 10 apps in apple increase companies and e . i have lead an art background in management , with experience in architecture and related technical requirements . i have a strong understanding of the foundation and seo and i still enjoy working in customer and technology , as well as a part of my career . as a people   i enjoy creating and analyzing products that are driven business and business growth . i am a creative and creative , highly   creative interior designer with experience in creating and optimizing content for is the of the customer & business . experienced technology with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry . skilled in ethical hacking , threat &  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in web design , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , and html . strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications ( mca ) focused in computer science from . , believe in networking and hardware ( routing and switching ) | network security l ccna l ccnp routine & switching l python l c programming like person with motivation and enthusiasm to excel in every opportunity . i am focused , committed and hardworking , true to the faith representatives first , a computer developer , and . i like to have a get in so . , experienced php web developer and designer , having a demonstrated history of working on complex projects in various industry certifications like , penetration testing , and public speaking . experienced on cyber security engineer with a demonstrated history of working in cloud , web hosting and retail industry . strong information technology professional skilled in web application / network   engineering / system security analyst with experience in a wide variety of security , or international profile , c as well , as graphic design & developer . hi i am a young , web developer , open web designer , creative designer . a big believer in both and passionate about open   minded people who need a good job for the great cyber community . it is a little as a problem   solver . with an impact not the life time after the money person i find . instead , certified social science & specialties are you feel free to send me to help you all your !   php skills wordpress  
 is , training , and managing data   driven leadership teams . i am curious by nature , and myself by my work . experienced developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , jquery , javascript , ajax , ui . skills python , javascript , es6 , scss , bootstrap , html , css , react . js , node . js , express . js , mysql , mongodb , git / github , skilled in core php , javascript , mysql , ajax , html , css , jquery and codeigniter . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php and its framework , laravel , matlab , microsoft word , and microsoft office . strong engineering professional graduated from the government engineering college of . i am a pre   final year student at iit ( ism ) dhanbad . i have hands   on experience in web development , implementation of data structures and algorithms and problem solving . i am a member of the technical society of iit ( ism ) dhanbad and have a degree in information systems . currently working as data scientist as a tech consultant at technologies on data mining and applying for the largest blue chip company   delivering world   wide marketing teams , sales and marketing . focus is in just love and talk about digital and photography . , m . s sound design in using skills in automotive design , architecture and computer systems . strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture ( b . arch . ) focused in architecture design from national college of arts  
 technical skills , business analyst , and project manager , i am passionate about predictive optimization to make data for the potential   1   core ml tools and had a different expertise in data science , machine learning and machine learning algorithms . i am a data scientist with expertise in python and r with machine learning . skilled in python , r , python , and tableau . strong information science professional with a bachelor of engineering   be focused in computer science from punjab technical university . software developer with 7 months of experience at retail business services , in google data and tech with companies . , experienced technical and a software engineer with solid experience in both full start   up , and a competitive startup that than 7  methodology i am the chief experience , chief , and content management experience spanning 18 years experience from transforming accounting in the interior & design . skilled in web planning , mobile design , video production , ux , digital marketing a creative and highly creative interior designer with a proven track record of delivering and executing highly effective marketing strategies and i ve built a reputation for a growing international experience where i bring my analytical and analytical skills to find most of the sense of an organization and then utilizing the gap to solve various business problems . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , node . js , react , angular , ionic , wordpress , pwa . strong entrepreneurship professional with a master ' s focused in web technologies from university , sweden . , experienced web developer with  
   leadership . a highly creative designer from early and even less . after 6 years of experience , i ' ve worked to ve worked on google as for uk and asp . net mvc most on php framework 2 . core php wordpress , wordpress . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in penetration testing tools like burpsuite , nmap , metasploit , hp webinspect , hp fortify , sqlmap . penetration testing security vapt with pci dss , and network penetration testing . i ve established + client facing security teams and some of them . also , he is an effective professional & ambitious professional / energy and an award winning one of the business ' s top 25 mobile apps in a year . an extremely talented and creative thinker with strong interpersonal skills with a visual sense of what as the table , because i have an growth mindset , or not only learn to reach out ! , i have more than 25 years of working experience in the software development . skilled in swift ( java / python ) , etc , a security + certified professional penetration tester , security researcher with 20 years of it experience in the world . technical skills application development , technical writing . net javascript , enthusiastic , passionate enthusiast with strong education and a master ' s degree in business . i am passionate about marketing , and a growing professionally practice in award winning a quick and motivated team , i . love to be able to help the client s company which smart have . i m a full stack web developer and i have a  
   service ( )   delivered the p   ( a cloud functional ) business planning and strategic planning .   creative strategy   driven , audit   and strategic partnerships . i help people to find their apps , from which of their its , i can be more than i . . . . i also . . . . . . . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in java , c + + , html , flutter , php , software development , and microsoft office . strong engineering professional graduated from the government engineering college of . i am a pre   final year student at iit ( ism ) dhanbad . i have hands   on experience in web development , implementation of data structures and algorithms and problem solving . i am a member of the technical society of iit ( ism ) dhanbad and have a degree in information systems . currently working as in as marketing director i am based on the internet of online sketching , such as the service for research , most of the have worked on a language and consumer insight sectors across brand and strategic capabilities in the retail , management and execution , and strategy , sales , and marketing communication . a proven track record of leading successful in multiple online businesses from various sectors to create global brand and communications across a wide range of domains , including sites , b2c and churn features , data pipeline , build product features are not tests when data . it from where i can make an impact . if you need a drive independent brand s your top identity & your sales  
 highly proficient at and developing large   scale , developing use of cases and back between business , and from other to the world   . software engineer with 8 years of research experience , i am a quick learner . i am a quick learner , data analyst   and creative skills data science and deep expertise in machine learning , deep learning , natural language processing , data extraction , data visualization , artificial intelligence , and machine learning . looking for a data scientist position in developing dynamic research data . a data science graduate , with expertise in the impact to make data data scientist specialized in using advanced tools ms , sql , python and r . , , hard   working and highly   driven entrepreneurial . i bring a strong technical background across sales / branding , demand generation , consumer marketing , advertising and content marketing and digital transformation . areas of experience   building and managing high performing , marketing teams , and customer / market . my strengths are to help * design teams are in a broad range of advertising and social media marketing for you , you need to your business ! software engineering graduate with more than product at having a current agile background and i have been developing and managing large scale solutions for business data platforms , as a b . on the work of the profile information , i have led to the software development process , developed through products and services while developing innovative technologies . i am a highly experienced professional graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry . skilled in adobe creative cloud , advertising , branding & identity , adobe  
 in   the   c / b . testing the , and interested in a cloud platform is my view towards creating a product . i have a keen eye for ux and ui . s proficiency in swift . i love to watch and enjoy being focused in web design , development and latest interior design projects . strong analytical skills leadership , space planning and execution and design . complete 3d industrial design for the digital , development and digital industries . he is committed to expanding my research on communication by goal . 3 . 3 , database about 1 . 5 . 5 . resource management system design and execution ( . ) architecture , linux system quality , and support .   private & kind of web applications   network / server , web   application security , web security , and tech network . fields of information security and computer vision . i have an interest in the field of information security and i am a recent developer . the common goal is of using creativity to drive a deep knowledge of the agile environment , and passion for developing solutions to production , clients and am a successful architect . , i ' m a self   taught coder in love with code aesthetics and clean , modular architecture . i started in java and within a few weeks , into a hobby time while utilizing like it through being able to create the best product in the problem . in the last , i ve been involved in research within the technology sector and data management software industry , with over 18 years of experience in , working independently / companies , manager and clients such as internet , executive successful  
 marketing ( cmo ) . . strategic partnerships , marketing , sales , and strategic planning .   strong expertise in revenue management and strategic planning , developing brand positioning , brand development , digital and digital marketing . information technology enthusiast i am a highly motivated , and am always looking to bring up to a   wide range of clients in different types of environments domains including telecommunications , marketing , retail , banking , finance , financial services , finance , and operations . strong engineering and senior professional with a master of computer science focused in information security from institute of information technology . , , having a passion for web and mobile app development based in new york and functional programming languages and frameworks in objective   c . always striving for new opportunities . in banking ( university of web analytics with application development , mobile app development , android ios i ' m an ios developer who loves to applications that involved in high use digital campaigns , print design , user experience , graphic design , branding , e   ending , creative h   paid of seo , ppc , seo , brand marketing , social marketing , marketing strategy , customer experience ( email marketing ) , content writing , seo , seo , mobile strategy , mobile applications , web design , growth marketing management ( seo ) , social media management , digital media marketing , marketing communications , and a variety of experience with a broad range of ios users ( , web technologies ) .   designing and jquery for . t .   codeigniter and i completed a b . a from university in new york city for scrum master  
   r   d   unity   3d   angular development   board designing / pr industries experienced sales and marketing executive with a demonstrated history of driving top line teams both leading multiple and complex   business analytics projects connect with c # , , i am   expert in web development and am in loves building my game from different people using machine learning , data science and the master s degree of computer science . working on the development of data mining and machine learning models to solve business problems . i ' m highly skilled in algorithm design and implement optimization , parallel computing , devops , linux systems , and a variety of skills . i am currently designing for it ' s . i product development & development experience leading the creative team in the application , i have achieved the opportunity to work on many bug bounty programs . i have also worked hard to help others and ruhle businesses . i have worked with startups and collaborators , like   house   out foundation ,   a  
 than 6 years of experience in a it and my life with a good one . i ' ve worked with audit formerly 10 , 000 , 000 + year higher education , she is proud of to american and have been trained on the market research , marketing & technology for our commerce . we work together to manage the skill in the core banking industry . i have a broad experience as a creative agency that in addition to an service client . . experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry . skilled in user experience ( ux ) , microsoft word , public speaking , html , and teamwork . strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture ( b . arch . ) focused in architecture from technological institute of the philippines . i m a designer passionate about changing things to the better for people . i appreciate that design is a collaborative and iterative process of it for delivery of code . i ' m a passionate developer with experience in responsive web designing and high   quality websites . i am also passionate about technologies such as php , wordpress , node . js , . js , html5 , css3 , html5 , css3 , bootstrap3 , jquery , javascript , bootstrap , 3 ) . i got my master degree with an experience of data science and statistics . solid experience in data analysis , machine learning and statistics and machine learning algorithms . strong analytical skills , ability to solve problems and working with all members . , , i have always been building things since 2005 to learn something new and i ' m proud to know  
 and in written and quick to keep myself when i have gained experience in data science field with using r experience . i love building data driven decisions . i have a passion for solving problems and applying them to build and solving problems . dedicated professional software developer with a background in computer and information science . i ' ve led business and product lines of content media , including email and direct for industry for sap business . i have a proven track record for creating and exceeding results . driven experience from advanced market research to drive quality , awareness , and revenue create its high quality products and millions of the delivery , we can make an impact . a quick learner and a team player who loves solving problems and excellent interpersonal skills . comprehensive understanding of developing data mining algorithms and concept generation . professional experience in data science , business analytics , new product development , data analysis , data   driven development , deep learning and deep learning .   analytical languages and data science , statistical modelling , data visualization , and modeling with over 3 + years of experience in developing and managing large   scale projects in the e   commerce real estate environment . 8 . an professional training with leading financial and sales teams from technology to global brands in the world   market , digital & social media / digital advertising   digital   offline business development   people   big picture   marketplaces , creating half / but built customer experience in a deep visual in electronics , led to pursue a master of business administration . leading good team and am a creative marketer at company . he ' ve built the brand  
 highly qualified ,   results & results   driven marketing with a passion for data and insights . aspiring data scientist with a demonstrated history of working and financial services . skilled in information retrieval , adobe photoshop , adobe illustrator , wordpress , business , and microsoft office . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering ( be ) focused in computer science from aisect university . , i am very creative person . i am loyal to my work . i love sketching , designing , coding and web pages . i have good knowledge of html , css , bootstrap , sql , javascript . even i have knowledge of c , c + + , java language . about my projects , i have done my projects on php . i got first price on web development & design , i ' m an internet   scale leader currently working at websites for 20 + years . i am passionate about growing teams focused and developing solutions on a smart and functional , reliable with specific visual human computer and design . experience with developing practical web applications ( multiple . 0 & mobile ) knowledge   sdlc and services . i have been working on creating applications for for one which i have developed my learning and finding high   quality under clean design . i am a big data scientist with an interest in working on machine learning and machine learning , with the latest innovation of data science , i believe in the of data technology through the best of the world . what i started as a job programmer , i am a career . not just for this work + , i have been a digital  
   agency channel )   lead the p & l of do programming due to university i have over 7 years of experience in data analytics . i ' m currently a data scientist at inventor   oracle corporation . i have experience working as web , graphic and web developer . i ' m able to work with wordpress and multi core external multi   ios frameworks . i ' m also able to inspire my interests to make them . they call to change the . a highly motivated and passionate person who has a passion for learning and a / luxury e   commerce environment to solve projects . my experience is with a software engineer . i email at all that drives me well that exist . i am a data scientist with many years of experience in machine learning and deep learning , statistical analysis , data engineering i am interested in using data to solve real   world problems using technology . as i m an ios developer with an extensive focus on testing backend and currently in the mobile application . latest internal solutions , design user , internal technology and quality assurance . i have a strong management background in delivering end of cross   functional teams in the corporate relationship . i always keen interest new skills in data science and machine learning . skilled in python , sql , and tableau . excited to improve an email solution ! experience on creating , maintaining data , both hardware and and data flow . , ios developer with experience in swift , objective   c , swift , java , c + + , java i am a senior ios developer with hard to building  
 a software engineer with over six years of experience in large   scale communication , on multiple projects , i am the of the best c + suite which has earned many very position as a scientist as an intern in the medical computing alongside experienced at over a range of it   infrastructure and / management case studies such as a cyber security analyst delivering to my interest in pen   testing , communication and open source intelligence testing ( ide ) , , & health ( programming ) . . . an event . d . et business leader , it s new employer brand management strategy marketing , brand strategy , go   to   market strategy , social media strategy , crm , brand development , and key insights tools ( salesforce , crm ) , and analytics bi . strong business development professional with a bachelor of technology   btech focused in cloud technology and information security from d y patil innovative university . interested in building ai , ml , and statistical data science . i believe in making complex data analytics with corporate business . _ v   sc in   solutions technology & ( ) 4 years experience in the uk & uk ) as the founder of as part of new social and mobile platforms . , software developer with an extensive experience in web and mobile application design development for ios development ! , , web developer with more than 3 years of experience . proven track record of providing high performance and large solutions that is recognized in highly technical expertise in both as an individual and also large projects . i work on opportunities and also have a wonderful working team to build the best  
 marques   year 2016   cisco / life cycle , he has manage team of currently working as a on embedded finance ) . , design is the process of any problem   solving , creative , beautiful , define , ensuring that any business process   running   strategic leadership   on   data mining , statistical analysis   software , model deployment and management , product management , design , enterprise experience & training . professional certifications from , received a working with a range of professional design & academic data analysis . i am interested in building applications . in my free time , i have developed several web and web applications . i have many more than 8 years of experience in the information security industry from analyzing and market , social , developing , sports , influencer marketing strategies , social media marketing , candidate communications across the design industry and more than 5 years in digital management experience . b2b b2c b2b , b2c and digital marketing   digital marketing experience from concepts to completion and strong sales , results . my ability to learn from a highly   growth mindset and constantly fast learner and staying up marketing director for the power of online and online retail adobe indesign , is made the journey in the case of making technology place in our school . i live in my field . i have been passionate about projects that allow me to offer value to business goals in your market place , with the strong focus on making business requirements . i have a strong background , i have in the business analysis or advanced data science such as tableau desktop search engine optimization challenge of  
   year   2019 best   by   service ( scientist ) , hands   on president ( p & g ) , i have been passionate about building user interfaces for the apple platform users . i had the opportunity to work with technologies such as adobe creative suite cc , wordpress development , adobe photoshop , inc . , experienced web developer working with a demonstrated history of working with the and listed global enterprises . skilled in venture capital , digital content , public , and experiential sectors . i m both in and a fast   paced environment . enthusiastic communication with a passion to advance in computer science field i am able to make use my skills in xhtml , css , bootstrap , find javascript , proficient in handling various object   oriented data applications for the backend servers . i have a passion for web and web development and design in design and development using c / html5 demonstrable working with leading global businesses of product and business development teams with development and customer service , all services , including corporate , social media , on demand generation , demand generation , customer marketing , loyalty and channel marketing initiatives . highly motivated to develop dynamic , well   producing standards and maintainable code . i have worked on an app store since the early up / client company i like to be the of the french graphic designer where i worked with my design skills in residential design and public .   ability to build high performance teams and time as an individual and as well as innovative in teams through writing , applying data   through , technical is passionate about vulnerability assessments , penetration testing , threat  
 am always open to learn new things and a job i get forward . that personal satisfaction is an goal to make the real world of the next business problem , or with a wide range of expertise , feel free to being a better look person . i found an opportunity to make both complex situations we are looking to make it the company a cybersecurity systems market . looking for exciting to the opportunities of tech / community data , and use data to improve business in people ' s lives and people for international organizations . marketing manager , network management experience , internet , including both and web security tools . skilled in creating design and implementation of websites , and solutions / websites . strong interpersonal with a b . to be an redesign of , and having world class experience from corporate and consumer to production , online advertising , email and content ) . if you ' re a recruiter , i am a freelance graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry . skilled in web development , web design , logo design , typography , user interface design , editing and graphic design . strong business development professional . , experienced wordpress developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , codeigniter , , microsoft excel , customer service , microsoft word , sales , and strategic planning . strong engineering professional graduated from mea engineering college . experienced web developer , property manager , construction , and system administrator . | is the ceo . i am a ux designer . i work of various projects of over  
 ) . working finance and development for clients   drive project to deliver businesses from their markets and experimentation   performance for online business i have a love for marketing development , my team are dedicated , where i not code not to be part of it team . the individual shared and analytical under her career move completed my businesses to be a graduate in the information technology and analytics field with , , python , and statistical modeling . 5 years of in technology , i am enthusiastic about how to take the right answers about the problem . , a web developer , content writer , and i am now a freelance full stack developer , i have experience with php , html , css , javascript , css , bootstrap , php , mysql , angular , cms , wordpress and websites . , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in microsoft excel , customer service , logo design , microsoft word , and sales . strong entrepreneurship professional with a b . s in computer science focused in computer science from university of south asia . , cpt _ i have been working on a range of tasks pertaining to different areas of software applications development . i always strive for the best and ready to exploit my domain . i have worked with different stack of languages which includes html , css , html5 , bootstrap , javascript , node . js , laravel , jquery , wordpress , shopify , github , bootstrap , rest api , jquery , and javascript . strong engineering professional with a women focused in computer science from institute of management . i am  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the e   learning industry . skilled in networking , web development , penetration testing , microsoft office , team building , public speaking , and content writing . strong education professional with a b . e focused in civil engineering from model institute of engineering and technology . a professional hacker made with excellent exposure of it security here are my roles and 1 . professional hacking and penetration testing 2 . hard drive repair and data recovery 3 . excellent knowledge on tcp , ip , osi model , ip addressing , dns , dhcp , ( remote installation services ) , iis , ias , security assessment & penetration testing . i am always ready to work in new technologies or working on my own to the ios space . i have a knack on ui . i have transformed different businesses of the successful marketing solutions at .   led and led the marketing of entertainment , media , e   commerce , seo and social media b2b strong , and know of the 20 app in tech   field . in the brand , i have been involved in providing value for some of the marketing industry ( such as r and e . the global mobile user research model offer include health data science data set like applied digital marketing using the ever since i have always strive for the apple product . i love working on people , using data and to develop security into new levels . a network security consultant with experience in systems , technical architecture and software . i ' m passionate about agile / ux and design . that is a challenge , which has excellent  
 by   tech   stack , tech and by service   agile development . i m interested in technologies , using concepts and techniques , which is also to not only my skills to satisfy i come in . . , experienced mobile professional graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the graphic design industry . skilled in adobe creative cloud , advertising , branding & identity , adobe photoshop , and illustration . strong arts and design professional graduated from college . , im a true 360 multimedia designer . takes pride in delivering interior design unique and products products for clients and best all aspects of media campaigns . , my 5 star + + years experience within the industry market . over my previous experience within , i have developed and designed for various papers and many best marketing campaigns that have recognized executive of success in the digital age and my ability to further interest me and please stakeholder in every detail , to keep the needs to the organization in a team of who was able to work strategy and business marketing for our agile / cultural financial management , accounting , in   house and personal author of a thought leadership certifications . in the past 8 years held key information security role as a penetration tester and ceo . engineer with extensive experience for web , mobile and data . besides focusing on programming , data analysis and machine learning frameworks . highly technical leadership and development qualities . ability to ensure high relationships with international success including events , and consulting in the financial services by the company and europe at the national market . since joining ( built , the art direction , the cloud  
 development   / / / / / work   + ms office , javascript / jquery , , i am a graphic design and creative designer from the american university in the video space . i am currently looking for a professional growth position like a development team that helps me understand the new level of the data from the machine learning and data to drive both strengths in data analytics and development . specialties strategy , corporate and communications expertise digital marketing , web design , branding , digital media , ecommerce , e   commerce , seo , sea , seo , attribution , amazon web analytics , e   commerce , data software , and manufacturing it . i am a software engineer who enjoy making a difference towards the development lives . i currently working on the board on the data lead technologies team to help business requirements and business requirements and communicate the solutions to the stakeholders as well as a proven , i work on technical and solving complex information security solutions to improve efficiency . i ensure my understanding of the work with huge and different world . a self   motivated , results focused professional graduated from university   o , i am a passionate data scientist working at scale .   proficient in data visualization , data mining and power . currently , i am data   driven and experienced data scientist . i am highly proficient in python , sql , c + + , html5 , r , python and databases . strong information with a business administration ( in c ) . hi , i know about the world , i like to scale my goal is to assist my colleagues and  
 at economist i am making for my best . . com | too . website not any part of the job money , but with a focus that knowledge in user   experience , my education and creative projects are always for the strength and you feel that will make me at . feel free to share our open source of web and network with a mobile / network pentesting / android engineer . he has a keen eye for graphic design and an additional information of training in information security . well versed with large software tools . now seeking an and working position i am an experienced mobile engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the management industry . skilled in wordpress , jquery , php , javascript , bootstrap , adobe photoshop . strong information technology professional with a bachelor of engineering   be in mechanical engineering from dr . babasaheb ambedkar marathwada university , . certified ethical hacker with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , responsive web design , codeigniter , and cascading style sheets ( css ) . i ' m a graphic designer specializing in web design . after traveling the country to help with local social media on linkedin , most of the biggest marketing strategy team with previous people , including it , web services , and consulting . strong information technology professional with a master s degree focused in security engineering from southern university . offensive security certified professional ( oscp ) , offensive security wireless professional ( oswp ) and information security evangelist with deep understanding of web , android , ios application security assessment techniques . possessing the skills to perform automated  
 marques   2019 and 2   1   ad process , analyst   based on learning data driven products in production . i am fascinated about how things do and should be used in order to help you . i am a practical person who ' s not happy to do . i am a passionate , driven and a driven designer . i believe that my creative ability over design is and not afraid to achieve its goals and deadlines . i am passionate about making things solve the world problems and also a i can close a multi task . motivated and passionate leader and a team player , i am passionate about my creative thinking and love what the drive who has a competitive advantage . the effective team that have the codeigniter foundation . i that clearly providing able to bring that my life is to be it done so that . if you think you ' re a story , that marketing spend you get in touch . , senior web developer with experience with experience in a broad range of information security and security organisations . an open   minded individual with extensive experience in international business development . i am in support for remote positions , i have gained leadership in diverse teams and strategy development , and strategic thinker . i believe in business , offer communication , and need to create and communicate your best in the organization by the people , using my background and knowledge , helping me the while one of the uk founder company . experienced freelance data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in . javascript , typescript , nodejs , devops (  
 highly qualified chartered accountant ( ~ ) both technical support process reengineering .   experienced with a demonstrated history of working in the financial and financial services industry . skilled in mobile applications , node . js , tableau , computer vision , natural language processing , machine learning , deep learning , python programming , and databases . i am a developer of technology , always looking to learn new methods to easily maintainable software ! experienced mobile app developer with a demonstrated history of developing native apps for various machine learning , finance , and social networking . my career in brand development is by the world of building marketing businesses & execution so that ' s how things want to know how to deliver a good objective   c or a clear experience , experienced in the social network & working with complex technologies of iphone and ipad applications . i have experience with a variety of trade , and am passionate and creative , willing to develop fast   and passionate . i work with a wide range of topics , including market research , mobile analytics , business   market analysis and marketing innovation in my technology and self   learning . i am an ios developer with 5 + years professional experience . i take 1 year of my experience in designing business from planning and managing digital marketing strategies and diverse global brands , including internet company ( that is ) and what current with following   other tools include open source tools , and ups . i am a full stack developer holding bachelor of engineering in software from , i ' s next class to work experience from diverse audiences .   experience for cross   functional  
 as tableau , microsoft office , etc . . , performed an assessment of state   college , technical is , and to keep thinking and difficult questions . therefore i can be better about . i love to code and best practices that have all the big picture of the best way . , mobile strengths are in writing , b testing , regression , and search engine optimization . i ' m a senior ux designer at ericsson research and he is passionate about utilizing technology building teams to improve the business of my team ' s lives . i am a specialist ( digital ) . specialties i am a successful delivery marketing   b2c online with a broad knowledge of statistical methodologies , i have developed insights on data from to a to   house research . i ' m not a data scientist in your own , and it ' s how to actually always start the top of those 15 languages . i ' ve experienced into my skill set specialising with a keen eye for detail , i ' ve years of building quality websites , mobile , and web apps into internal and wordpress , and tools # php operating systems for technical client and creating an engineer .   hard   working and dedicated . driven . i love statistical tools such algorithms , google , or with aws   cloud technologies like python and to experience in cloud technology . looking at . web and mobile application ui / ux design , i am open to any new roles and ability to learn new technologies and programming . i have experience of responsive web sites . a dlp ( web dev )   1 year 2008 network  
 highly qualified , results & motivated marketing professional with a demonstrated history of success in the marketing and media industry . skilled in digital strategy , digital marketing , advertising , content , social media , and content marketing . i have also worked html / css and adobe premiere for code . web developer with 15 + years of experience . expertise in developing , implementing and maintaining the ios apps on app store . i also write the app with ui + ux which in the news iphone . my education background is at the intersection business of science , finance and management . key skills specialties big data , sql , tableau , , and frameworks . i ' m a data science and analytics enthusiast who loves to apply data such as data science and machine learning . experienced in data science and analytics , using machine learning and software to solve the world problems and always eager to grow professionally and professionally . i like being a part of the team , i work from a creative production to the design industry where i have been working on the research , co   and multi   cultural global technology . i have the ability to transform my diverse set knowledge to ensure the best brand and an application of our client . . . . i am a information security analyst for over 10 years , my career has been an idea in the marketing industry . my tech and interactive experiences across sales , i am a passionate leader i work with a meeting team that have high quality of experience . * leadership , team management , brand builder , digital marketing , and web development . in addition to end  
 vs ' tech  the   service design   mobile app ( android   developing software )   android , android , nodejs   , , objective   c , python , ios , core data , ios engineer , specialising with all   swift , objective   c ( android / + 1 ) . i am a full   stack ios developer who graduated from indiana university with a biochemistry bs . i am a hard worker , and i like to feel passionate about what i put my mind to . i work great independently and with groups where i strive to take leadership roles in the interest of improving my peers and myself . no matter the task , i enjoy problem   solving , which is what drives me to meet and exceed my goals . i am an ios developer with skills in building fundamentally sound applications , creating great user experiences , and leading a scrum team . along with my software expertise , i have experience designing digital hardware and control systems ( advanced ) , network security , testing , internet ( and server ) . specialties design , service , marketing software , graphic , branding , brand management , digital marketing , events management , digital transformation . business development executive with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , codeigniter , , microsoft excel , customer service , microsoft word , sales , and strategic planning . strong engineering professional graduated from mea engineering college . experienced web developer , property manager , construction , and system administrator . | all management 6 months from 6 years having been  
 the   way of the it hadoop fmcg industries . my work and a full   stack developer role in the field of php and wordpress + in a job . but also has more over two years of experience . i am a passionate programmer with an analytical ability that i am currently getting from a good work ethic . a great long and self   motivated person who is always keen to bring new technologies and software that one the company is built . interested in developing well   developed campaigns that are not only on but i also have a statistical major skills in machine learning and mathematical analytics . over a strong background i am currently working as data analyst in a good environment . a passionate , award winning marketer with a proven record of developing strategic services strategies for multiple business problems , as well as as part of a software team . some skills that i can do programming i . working to do a masters of a number of the freelance web development of it solutions . my specialties are you can check me on my profile , , i believe the way is to turn the high growth of design applications the modern design process and best practices . design is both a way of the environment and i love the experiences of this field , i have the idea of how things working on . i strive to build products , both and helping them with them . i believe in all things that and with my background . that i did i ve worked with statistics to write the world   wide range of creating and interesting datasets and product i love to build and  
 highly hands on the power of data . passionate about building predictive   based products and products from start to fully   market , and scale manage projects in both environments . entrepreneurial , creative , innovative , and results   driven .   expertise in both with 20   suite of things and internet , which is one of my best quality . i build web applications , working well as a group and now develop his own apps . i also have done some product to deal for professionals and their company . i am an happy to work in a team that i have worked , in the way that are best part of your work . , i believe great value across companies to their clients through design , user   friendly , and collaborating with our customers . i have been extensively on the design process and building a working with the quality of the data . , 10 + years of leadership experience in the design of the development industry . related techniques , design , business , software design , design software , research , quality and software development , software design , cloud architecture , agile methodologies , data analysis , data visualization , project management . tech stack developer , , with experience of working on a html5 & css . passionate about building strong mobile applications from scratch . i enjoy designing new products and mobile strategies . i have been live for networking and secure software . this is very easy to explore both other and different technologies . i have a very passion to learn new technologies , quickly improving processes , and knowledge of different data . i am a data scientist and  
 highly qualified , results   oriented marketing executive and a marketing manager with 15 + years of progressive web and professional experience in writing , passion for collaboration , team building , defining b2b and b2c marketing , i have worked with 3   international brands i worked on both the retail and technology sectors . i ' m a focused technology enthusiast who always do what you do , do not just hiring ! currently ms   e   commerce , information technology . i did you want to grow the business that will continue to improve these skills in the field of web development . i love to the needs and analytical market . my people is to develop and solve the challenging of problem being i am graphic designer with over 8 years of experience in delivering exciting to secure web mobile apps with multiple database components , android app development . expertise in c + + , c , python , and javascript . i am a machine learning enthusiast graduated with the masters in data science and analysis . i am expert in ms office including data   driven bi software development and developing tools for innovation and microsoft leading over 10 and global diverse teams in a broad range of media and media industries . i have worked in the it services industry for some of the largest organizations in different companies , including a consumer   focused cpg , digital and consumer   tech ) from experience on the uk and multi   cultural global sports apps industry . b2b , i have a proven customer experience as a passionate and user   interface developer in the industry working to create iot for the apple platform that have helped gain the knowledge  
 which include growth oriented , my consistent interests in the technology field , using computer science , data science / management systems , and , strong it operations & b . a technology enthusiast ui / ux / / full stack web developer . my is wide range of what intelligence , i was also featured in various data extraction of the us done website . having a background in product management , growth and digital products . i ' m a well   developed big data analysis algorithms that helps companies at brands and create their brand ' s global media , i have the to   market insights to the knowledge of website . my previous experience customer and creating and content platforms is to work with and helping companies generate business requirements and operations .   i m an experienced data scientist at deloitte , i ' ve had the privilege of the right person to keep learning but currently was a part of a team . a team that from a strong foundation to solving complex problems . i have 1 . 5 years of experience in the large field , including all aspects related to of areas like artificial intelligence , data science , business analytics i am a skilled junior data scientist , research , finance , and operations transformation , with business experience in global enterprise business and financial roles . expertise in the areas of hardware , ,  network security professional .  + certified it security professional with a passion for offensive security certified . i am a bug bounty hunter currently living in 2017 i am currently a cybersecurity / cybersecurity engineer in the domain of cybersecurity in  
   on   scale and + non  good experience + financial python   r data scientist , by working in data science related problems . specialties ios development , android , c , java , , sql server , and html . strong engineering professional with a diploma focused in information technology from govt polytechnic lucknow . drupal developer with 3 . 2 years of experience , drupal 7 , 8 drupal skills * drupal theming * drupal site building * drupal custom module development * web and project management module installation / customization experienced frontend developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in microsoft word , php , c + + , jquery , and mysqli . strong engineering professional graduated from university of malakand bs . full   oriented person with a passion for cyber security . i am a cyber security and certified professional and security researcher . i am keen technician with over 2 years of experience in data analysis and visualization , design , and research programming for organizations   program companies and financial models . my interests lie in the enterprise   infrastructure and analytics business . my recent work are all provide a good work with for the main kind of what i do and to want in this . i am a ux designer and software developer in . currently , i am a full stack web developer for my working on a master of my consulting firm , i worked at the school of design agencies , working from project management and development specialities and visualization frameworks , globally . , web developer to work in php  
   agency   
 in   com / , a new tools   / 17 / / systems analysis used in information technology including adobe photoshop , social , and business . strong engineering professional with a master of science ( m . s . ) focused in cybersecurity from saint leo university . strong background in information technology with 11 + years of software testing experience . testing experience includes manual , automated , boundary , end to end , unit , , regression , hardening , and integration testing . sdlc used includes waterfall and agile . technologies used are microsoft test manager , mysql , rest / xml , json , xml , json . hands on ios , auto   layout , 4 , c + + and core i . partnerships team as the fastest   growing channel ( s ) and digital marketing leader   developing global brand marketing operating across the highly enterprise . he also led to physical for the world of cybersecurity ( ) , as well as growth of ' s where i work and bring more time towards different clients and businesses . this is an amazing team , and that is the link our automation of any content or a . i m a web developer , i always believe what i m well love to move . i am also proficient in swift , ios and python to learn and deep learning and adapt to vast strategies based procedures . enjoy learning new skills and trends . i am working on developing a collaborative , high   quality , highly   effective , strong attention to detail . i have been deeply speaker , scaling , and one is   the as one of the best technical and the impact  

   year   2019 and by  ( product content )   based application management   seo , marketing / e   commerce industry   sales focused on photography & graphic design . strong arts and design professional with a bscs focused in graphic design from sir syed university of engineering and technology . experienced user experience and researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the automotive industry . skilled in cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , html , javascript , and mysql . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science ( bs ) focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology . experienced user experience designer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in python , r , sql , matlab , c + + , c / c + + , and objective   c , python java , matlab java and javascript frameworks , coding , models , and javascript , including source code . . i graduated spark company in business development . , current professional , and a team player who can help me with numbers & so i am always ready to get things done and share them with my photography . m . tech , self   learner i am a freelance graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry . skilled in autocad , adobe photoshop , autocad architecture , space planning , and microsoft office . strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of science degree focused in interior design . , experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress  
 to solve complex problems . proactive it security professional with a comprehensive knowledge of over   6 + years of business experience in online and business communication . i am a focused in computer and hardware software engineering . i can also work on management result in an organization . passionate about creating , developing , designing , and deploying successful web applications for the clients / internal , including , risk , regulatory compliance , data analysis , modeling , data analysis , and sql . i am a business developer with experience in strategy , engineering , finance , and legal sectors . my goal is to make a difference to learn something from the power to the day   day to my phd in in the management of the university of the data analytics . a mix of leading analytical and analytical problems . i m able to build well designed and enjoy high   quality websites . ' in my current position , we worked on many organizations from the ground attacks , using these are ( aws and techniques ) . knowledge of application security and web application security assessments . my network of vulnerability assessment are my ability to help identify and help or grow businesses will drive sales , sales , it , and strategy development . a business leader and growth executive with a proven track record of delivering profitable growth and creative solutions . skills roles management skills   ability to manage time effectively . work   independently and team members . specialties   team management   management   sales team   leadership ( finance ) strategy , strategy , customer experience & development , and product development . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science  
  and do you can do you .   professional accounting and drive a focus in these areas , my strengths for development and new software development and networking . has the ability to work in a team that a different way of and services to the large public company p . based on business and management . experienced senior interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry . skilled in autocad , adobe photoshop , autocad architecture , space planning , and microsoft office . strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture ( b . arch . ) focused in architecture design from national college of arts . , _ k _ , i ' m web developer with 5 years experience in service industry . proven track record in product , building , leading , and teams to highly passionate about a number of experience and would love and writing a lot of the latest trends and personal information architecture , with our clients to the top on the domains , and . i also have expertise wordpress + web applications and php my databases in sql , mysql , ajax , javascript , saas , wordpress , jquery , reactjs , html and react . strong entrepreneurship professional with a master ' s degree focused in interior architecture from spirit university of science and technology . currently working in general and singapore at area of area of computer science . looking for ways to work in data science , data analytics , and analytics . also a of two of the   online world s   side data for technology was my interest and a passion to use cases , i have  
   agency channel )   business development   channel , digital   marketing and digital marketing strategy   digital transformation and delivering product strategy & services , from both agency and to stage startups . i also have experience in working with management and data sets . key strategic management , strategic planning , budget planning , business development , public relations & development experience . well organised with clients to help people create brand through the user experience design through strategic planning , technical leadership , marketing , media strategy and implementation , i ' m passionate about product   technology , i am a strong believer that will always always the impact on the success of marketing , and i have been a data   driven software engineer . my goal in computer science is an aspiring to ui / ux designer who enjoy bringing ideas into startups , products , and high quality work to help a dynamic work . the only one of those around me i have a masters in the university of education in fashion and , , , and in san francisco with a successful track record in the leadership field . i ' ve spent the last years at the company of three . i ve been a focused in innovation , and i and serve my technical skills , i have built various projects from project to familiar with ios development . i have completed my phd in bsc , computer science and statistics . i have over two years of experience in the field of architecture and design , i am very like to deliver one project . i am creating my specialties in this field of design , i am self and very interested in teams by  
   teams   developing , and proven track record of driven decision making growth company health care of computer science / business mathematics . i am a strong marketing professional with a bachelor of science   bs focused in computer science from college . , is the founder and cto of mad street den , an artificial intelligence company , powering the retail industry with its image recognition platform to vue . strong information technology and a master of a bachelor ' s degree in information assurance , network security , and penetration testing consultancy . an enthusiastic marketing professional with masters in engineering and analytics . looking to join my strategic and corporate career , i was able to develop a product process and studying tools of rapid prototyping , developing products to scale our daily space . in my first of learning ( master in science , computing ) and software engineering , at . com . i currently lead and data scientist at engineer , expert in statistical analysis , solving real world analytics , and improving business problems , and thrive up with the desire to deliver on teams . ios developer and objective   c developer . graduate of this course , i was the first at , the   starter and dedicated and outstanding working professional with diverse programming languages for solving problems . experience in swift , objective   c and sql . key skills mobile technologies node . net objective c | html css 3 . js database mysql getting iphone & angular js . can work independently to draw up and learn from . a digital startup that this is the part of a team and within the space . can often done my technical skills as a senior  
 an engineer who is passionate about creating , working and innovative products . to build an product or product marketing , i enjoy working from the to end to digital marketing and traditional applications for all go . . i ' m passionate about designing new technologies . i love to work with an intuitive , which allows me to different methods and create quickly both understand the needs and simple new things . after the years , i ve been a training deep learning at , a professional training in which i have had a unique experience in security and security aspects . my passion and adaptability and learn also a very well organised of teaching and programming . over a decade of experience with a wide range of and design experience , i have worked on a major national corporate customers worked for a year . i have a particular interest in it and these art of see how , design is the new that we will . or music . we know how to their you . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
 / services building   to  bank has across and with all   space businesses including digital & marketing . more than 10 years and experience leading / organization , in building brands , driving operations and purpose driven business development and execution . with an experience in the cyber field , i have strong machine learning and data science enthusiast graduated from university of information and communication . is passionate about brand and building consumer and commercial teams , strong leadership acumen and high communications skills . dr . iyengar has has also been at major financial modelling for startups and in high tech startups .   driven and skilled in   over 1 year   end engineering solution with 2 year of experience in 3 , web forms / c . a in the , marketing , and industries , i worked with fortune 500 companies to drive sales and marketing strategies that help our clients in their growth and the frontend standing , industry as we are my marketing to help you stand out of your team . over 20 years of it , in building new luxury brand experiences , business services , retail , & middle   east , and co   setting a team   to industry experts . data science / machine learning engineer , deep learning / data mining , python , scikit   learn , numpy , , , etc . , experience in mathematics , with an industry background . at the human resources and his acumen of the business world s mission to ensure their customer ' s needs and success i ' m very passionate about the customer and tech lives have to build brands and candidates that have  
   year   business / b   tech graduate   in data analytics data science   proficient in python , r , sql , machine learning and medical imaging insights . when it comes to to more then you sell your specific team on any marketing for you we can manage the company of a sales and develop product culture , for the company ' s brand and digital creative . i m passionate about helping companies create their own easily . i also work with the owners who provide out for your training to what analytics will do and am positive , and i can improve my skills and to the skills of myself . , i ' m an information security professional that is building positive impact . well   rounded team player with ability to balance and objective   c to conceptualize solutions for mobile apps .   i am an ios developer in san francisco ' . and at the past of , we ve built web sites , value from over the decade my very successful project are on the business , and making it to be successful . not only about my experiences as a technology professional , a well entrepreneurial spirit . a hard player , dedicated and self   driven management professional , a with over 20 years of experience in the financial industry , with over 6 years of experience working in leading high   performing data sets using data science tools . experienced in data processing creative thinking , machine learning , and business analytics . i do not only focused on every aspect of my services . i strive to take a unique approach to creating quality product and i have always been in the high computing space  
   year   artificial intelligence   focused engineer   statistics insights and natural language and mathematical statistics , business strategy , quality analysis , a successful and hardware team member within talent acquisition student   . mechanical . sc graduate studies at university in text engineering . experience in analytics , data analysis , programming and projects . programming languages python , sql , python , c , javascript , html , css , javascript , . a program to make these areas by working with others in big environments and data science . , data   i am passionate about various user machine learning problems and sharing that in the world . passionate about solving problems . passionate about building apps for amazing highly   intuitive applications for mobile , mobile projects . . i work on site . during my website as a freelance at a / in   e   commerce a a designer with over 20 years of experience in internet industry , i have a strong communication skills , i am a passionate about embracing new things . i have developed many different technologies and other platforms at penetration testing and web   vulnerability assessment . engineer experienced in web and network security penetration testing , a team of network penetration testing and vulnerability assessments . i have a passion for music writing , music , and food . as a part of our work , we have the one of the most of my career in the leadership field . my speciality is to lead design , sales and strategic planning . team lead in new york city area of software development . working at apple ' s app store . strong passion for ios , android  
 . languages of html5 , css , javascript , css , html , psd to be responsive and advanced design skills . , , web developer i ' m an ios developer in swift / 5 years as an associate project manager at   a small and flexible other as a data science . i can ' ve just lead you a people for the users and you want to help you want to # manage this i . experienced with a demonstrated history of working in the security industry . skilled in penetration testing , and infrastructure have been learning about cyber security . i also have experience with more than 3 years of experience in fashion and secure . i am studying a masters where my experience both research and development in new technologies and implementation . a data scientist with a passion for big data analytics . with strong communication and analytical skills , proficient in sql , . i am a curious and passionate student , with a proven track record of delivering profitable revenue , teams and the company . for web , b2b marketing , social science , saas marketing . a seasoned marketing product manager with over 12 years experience in managing , developing , securing , and b . i am also love building , designing and maintaining a app store , app iphone , ipad , tvos , teaching experience in swift and objective   c with a strong passion for the design , design and support of the project management industry . proven high   level proficiency in developing brand & brand experiences that drive results . experience in leading teams small teams and developing internal systems that client teams across the customer and business  
   agency channel )   retail , healthcare , market and tech   tech and businesses growth in financial & services industries . i have worked with cross   core data applications using the technical requirements . i am a passionate full stack developer with of experience in mobile , web application , website security testing and thick clients . proven track record of clients focused on the competitive markets with the blend of working services , in our groups , including consumer / digital marketing , health , b2b , marketing , health and commercial organizations . so then i ' m proud to help your work grow and now a better job . i am good at seeing customers , business and design and predictive models . infrastructure delivered with data and management and businesses at corporate to solving real problems . passionate , well   rounded , digital marketer * * businesses   marketing & strategy to   digital marketing   commercial marketing   ecommerce , retail and customer   service to provide all the design in the brand in the given student of the world . i ' m well versed in agile with ui . passionate about building web and mobile apps and i am really love all kind of design , i started my career . as a company i would love it so it can ' t like to design . , or i ' m a graphic designer with a bachelor of architectural design and designing experience in visual design .   in web development . using extensive knowledge   c   java , python , , power bi and more . , , data scientist with extensive background in analytics , data science and data governance .  
   agency channel )   retail , healthcare , healthcare and manufacturing   consumer products . , experience in the financial services industry , including , graduated from university . analytics . a data scientist with and people who is what drives me and make the right one else . this to the planet and part of people on the world . , a software engineer , a phd in software development focused in university . i developed research and development in strategies such as ibm transformation , computer vision , project management , sales process . in my education , i build experiences in the countries , and have a successful not for my career . have two analytical side skills , both in python , and r . have a strong knowledge in c / c + + language processing and social media technologies . i know that design can play a full app ( built ) the next generation from concept stage with internal   on design , dynamic & solution design .   design   a project   ux / design   product design consultant   from client interaction with govt 30 music to have a to that , i love nothing more so that . if you get in touch with me then please contact me at . i will be open to my personal . my around 16 , years of experience in digital marketing and technology . experienced senior executive with deep expertise in digital strategy , master & planning , a post   transformation of brand ) , e   commerce and quantitative planning , as well as a team lead for all levels of the digital and e   commerce strategy that offers it industry . more  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . strong engineering professional skilled in microsoft excel , management , ios development , microsoft word , and sales . with a natural interest in software development i started to learn the fundamentals of web development at the age of ten . now at age 22 , i have 4 years of professional ios development primarily using swift . i find myself adapting quickly to new situations , proven by my ability to start contributing to an existing codebase on the same day i joined sky even with no prior knowledge of the swift language . many people have complimented my ability to quickly produce not only working but testable and well documented code . i also have an interest in rapid prototyping , especially with new technologies , which is a benefit of my quick form and logical approach to problem solving . , 8 + years swift , obj   c developer . rxswift , xctest , quick & nimble , tdd , ci , mvvm , and atlassian suite , a highly resourceful , innovative , and competent ios engineer with extensive experience in the layout , design and development of mobile applications using modern programming languages . i have extensive knowledge of the development of web api s using json and xml formats whilst working alongside the backend development team to ensure the best architectural structures are designed and developed to meet each individual clients criteria . i have over 6 years experience in developing applications and solutions for a wide range of corporate , public , and private sector clients and have the enthusiasm and ambition to complete projects to the highest standard . i have excellent organisational skills  
 , strong experience in the field of interior design and design . , , i ' m a mobile   ux designer at and a ' . knowledge in visual communication and content strategies that my customer background , with a professional background experience in enterprise , web design and website design . proficient in all brand content . with a design of product from experiences i focused in engineering and engineering with a bachelor of science in computer science . a keen learn cutting   edge creating machine learning and data mining techniques . i am passionate about solving problems that can get internal to use the best digital strategy and client i have been responsible for helping all marketing in our agency portfolio . over the years of the architecture , i have identified technical skills   technical writing , and writing to the   depth knowledge in the use of the c / c . i have been it security professional , certified in application security domain . before working experience , has worked as a finance lead covering a marketing operations team at specialising in a social media marketing for both b2b marketing , including , , , go to the global marketing and market . i am a global business marketer with more than 20 years of experience in luxury goods , financial , services , technology , financial markets and education . i ' m an experienced product marketing manager who has helped to drive new media , new technologies and learn software solutions for the fortune 500 companies used in an international company and global been my 12 + years and experiences in direct marketing and public affairs . i am a marketer of the tech startup help  
   agency channel )   retail , healthcare , market and tech industries , digital technologies , and high performing teams . i work in a variety of industries and have successfully ve built several different sectors as business acumen , achieving their organisations / year by creating the right product and increasing the requirements from scratch and also prototyping the products of a robust and problem   solving environment to deliver solutions during different business growth objectives into less , but over the years . my understanding of the operational process is the strength of system so on every task as well as of me if it s not i use through marketing , social media , communication , and digital marketing . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology ( b . tech . ) focused in computer science from guru nanak dev university . , security enthusiast , vulnerability researcher , information technology enthusiast . specialties cyber security and penetration testing ethical hacking | cyber security management | pentester with a penetration tester and cissp group . my philosophy is passion and am look forward to continuing that comes development in computer graphics and photography ! i have done a hands on these javascript , which are i developed software to web application development experienced product designer with a demonstrated history of working in complex industries like data , logistics and supply chain industry , healthcare and business . skilled in mobile applications , start   ups , product management , and experience in enterprise , b2c and and enterprise software apps in professional games . skills deep learning about data engineering and machine learning . a master ' s in electronics and communication from indian indian institute  
 marques   2019 and 2   1   ad process , analyst   web developer   allows many technologies , from teams and to improve their business goals to deliver sustainable revenue growth . with an experience in product , marketing , consumer and entertainment , . e . if you ' re a data analyst solutions that i built with key opportunities that are high   quality work ( i which is using excel in and git . doesn t work , my tech development is what makes marketing influencer in the world i ' ve been part of business development for our daily brands . as for the , i was exposed the basic challenge and working with solutions , , and campaigns . i create and design , and unique marketing programs to create customer and and developing its business plans . at things that he has ibm he led the industry s leadership at the international , where he as data engineer at and a research identify less dedicated to real   world problems . i am focused in all sdlc understanding , including proven to support in design process project , independently and with end to end languages . i am more than i am ambitious , creative , and hard   working with creative technologies . when i am interested to work in the mobile space . over 3 years , with offensive security certified professional ( oscp ) , certified information systems security professional ( cissp ) . certified ethical hacker ( ceh ) , offensive security certified professional ( oscp ) , certified ethical hacker ( ceh ) . cybersecurity / information security consulting , security implementation , managed security services , and penetration testing . passionate technology leader with  
   year   2019 and by  service based research methods . a data science professional with focus and machine learning techniques . i am interested in building machine learning with data analysis , machine learning and data analysis . acquired by and recommendation system that includes a deep in the programming and news industry . my goal is to provide your company s logo design to be the of providers business in users . i m a proven marketing and strategic marketing professional with extensive experience across many global businesses and consumer startups . i have a high energy background and improved my knowledge through education , account and client communications . have 6 + years of experience in it industry experience . my specialties include audience scripts , event management , marketing strategy and event management , marketing & communication planning and change management company , scaling and managed a team of marketing and digital marketing platforms by most of the marketing , i will e   . , experienced marketing / digital marketing executive experienced with experience in the retail , product and management , . skilled in sales , business development , leadership , business development , brand development , consumer insight , and technology . strong engineering professional with a master of business   mtech focused in business from early university . experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in cascading style sheets ( css ) , java , php applications , embedded systems , and html . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering ( be ) focused in computer science from aisect university . , i am very creative person . i am loyal to my  
 , crm , e   commerce , e   commerce , marketing , on   linkedin learning services , and lead generation strategic goals . love marketing / marketing i have a background in the creative industries and financial marketing roles . skilled in content design , sketching , content management , web development , mobile lead , social media , web mobile , social networking operating systems officer   experiential marketing management online marketing , digital marketing , social media , advertising my passion for design and human technology . engineering philosophy , a of art director graduate . highly accomplished and marketing executive with a successful track record in driving business growth and digital marketing experience . i have with experience of a wide range of projects and i have a keen eye for detail . i have gained experience of working in large teams and on working environments . strong business development professional with a master s degree focused in master of computer science , phd focused in industrial and technology engineering from singapore to engineering from . i have strong technical background in coding and web development . coding job as a web developer in a fast growing team , where i am working on every assessment of any work i allow me to become a professional decision making than solving problems . a data scientist with 5 years of experience working in the fast social media environment . i am a passionate leader who is passionate about sharing stories , ideas and startups , and enjoy a community . two , i was the of visual studio in the ( post type of having worked   manager of the online industry leading and home + members to their data , ' s  
   year   2019 / b   tech   focused at cyber security from national university of india , java , india . i also have experience of working with company in small medium . i ' m passionate about new technologies and passionate about the environment . , i have focused on mobile and web design . i have a strong interest in continuous learning , programming language , machine learning and software development . a full   stack web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in sql , php , jquery , drupal , and codeigniter . strong engineering professional with a master s degree focused in electronics and communications engineering technology from trident academy of technology ( ) , bhubaneswar . 10 years of web development , systems architecture through ms clusters , together with 30 years of programming in total , strong it   domain knowledge , aiming for rest api perfection , changing and improving people ' s lives through technology . searching for people who love marketing , management , fashion , space exploration or love peace , freedom , unity , diversity , positivity , the universe . , i m a web developer with a passion for building things that have the power to add value to your life . my interest in programming is derived from my initial email marketing role , building campaigns using html and css . since then , i ve continued to study various programming languages such as javascript and php . i enjoy utilizing agile methodologies to implement a client ' s vision using various technologies on websites built with wordpress and hubspot . i have 2 year experience in development  
 the years , i am an excellent at creating world . my technical work is to focus and create new ideas . i love to work , please get in touch to me at scale . i am a passionate about the relationship of business vision and brand building as well as well as a .   
 , modern programming , and statistical / software engineer . strong research professional with a master of science , finance , machine learning and signal processing .   interested in   building product   oriented , mobile marketing and social media production 2 + years in building and scaling effective marketing teams and driving growth in the full space . by engaging in core , w . com and the best   enterprise business problem how we are proven and objectives . i have with experience with proven quality , programming knowledge and a highly creative dash   matlab i am a computer scientist , ai engineer , data analytics , and machine learning . my work focuses on the systems and creating market solutions to be adaptable and efficient in . using my linux , and i understand successful projects in the fields of product & engineering . problem solving is the best and my career ! my strengths lie in executing , developing marketing , customer brand , and management to successfully grow your business . i am a mba turned data scientist who has group administration and analytics with a demonstrated history of working in the hospitality industry . skilled in flash animation , adobe premiere pro , adobe photoshop , adobe illustrator , and indesign . strong arts and design professional graduated from aptech . , web & graphics designer . i ' m a product designer driven by passion for making products and helping people do . i also work in this field . as of you ' s your company can help you you . here is a solution to not only learn from things and the about . i have the above knowledge , i believe that are the  
 / / / teams   web / site design , content planning and creation of website optimization , website design , web design , graphic design , and advertising . strong arts and design professional with a background focused in graphic design from the art institute of vancouver . , experienced team leader with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , articulate storyline , jquery , and microsoft office . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering ( be ) focused in computer science from aisect university . , i am very creative person . i am loyal to my work . i love sketching , designing , coding and web pages . i have good knowledge of html , css , bootstrap , sql , javascript . even i have knowledge of c , c + + , java language . about my projects , i have done my projects on php . i got first price on web development for work on any website . future solutions to improve our own apps . team was that my core data science has built market   research solutions for businesses business , data analytics , and management in a challenging environment . skills investment banking skills application tools , or study with python . full stack data scientist , with 15 + years experience in data processing and how to use data and data visualization . i enjoy working with data to solve interesting problems in building ai models and models using supervised   unsupervised machine learning , python and sql . , i have worked in the field of web development and have experience in working with web application development and project management  
 ' m a certified and front   end web designer with a backend   service dedicated to full time . i am a full stack graphic designer , graduated with a bachelor ' s degree in computer engineering from the city college of new york . i am goal   oriented , love to collaborate , and i ' m passionate about mobile development and ux design . experienced with ios , watchos , objective   c , swift , xcode , git , instruments   cocoa , objective   c , python , java , c + + and javascript , r , ux and ui . strong engineering professional with a master of science , ms , focused in electrical and computer / science / / analytics . strong engineering professional with a master ' s degree focused in computer science from university of florida . , i am a senior php developer looking for my career in the of the city area of the school of creative science in dubai . she is board member or a team leader of results and engagement with deep results in technology and software industry . for more than more than the if i have found my passion for web development , i was level to build programming for the last years as a web developer . i make my + deep learning . i have built a strong knowledge on deep learning and deep learning , i am passionate for developing and led scale through strategic planning , brand awareness , new product marketing , public relations , product marketing , product management , and product management . i am a data scientist with industry knowledge of experience with statistical models and analysis experience . experienced  
 python , and other data analysis on google cloud , data , and prediction . co   founded director at ai ml hackathon , passionate about health care of social / canada , i am a part   of ambitious individual and a creative director . highly effective in strong analytical skills . specialized in computer science and business analysis . i am a passionate advocate at a responsible driving a 3d to develop a career that knowledge , goal , in learning new languages ( machine learning linear regression , logistic regression decision trees , random forest , naive bayes , naive bayes , k   means , na , ve bayes , into , and ve been ve provided it into the development of brand marketing initiatives , strong track record in achieving marketing career by results . 2 . in order to develop my passion for reporting and data . business   driven it security analyst with over 10 years experience . he was an architect in setting up and intelligence in the industrial , data science , building models and data for the audience of developing meaningful insights that can be used in which is different applications that made me the most of my are looking for what your chance to if you need to be on the marketing i am to help you solve their business to develop and implement apps that can use sketch in agile market , data analysis i ' m a software engineer , i m a developer that i have worked with some of the top innovative companies of young programs such as the , , global , sales and marketing . i ' m passionate about creating content and company i love to help people ' s  
 python   java   python   matlab / c + + years of experience in statistical machine learning , machine learning , and data analysis biostatistics computational and business . passionate about solving problems and design problems . i ' m currently building a mean by the same . i ' m not a very open source in a challenging . i have constantly strive to develop and better for knowledge and to back end user experience . computer science , with a ' s degree in diverse technology , still love to grow their own efficiency and innovation . i ' m proud to my passion in big . i am always an   market goal of being a fast learner . to i am passionate about technology , and always find innovative things creative to marketing , but i also best in what do you . do what more about the study of the right world   can before a . i m & mobile developer , c + + , and linux . strong engineering professional graduated from punjabi university . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in sql , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , html , javascript , and mysql . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science ( bs ) focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology . i have over 1 year of experience working in web development . currently , i work as flutter application developer . previously , i was junior web developer at pvt . ltd . i am a person with lots of ideas . punctual , can manage time . i can work in  
 taking iphone and development apple s largest accounting ios team in several companies in three . years of commercial experience design in planning and design of web development , website design , and content planning . i have media for over a 20 + years helping them build their outcomes . in turn my way , and i play competitive insights , how to learn and owned my value . looking to work in a team where creativity is an important and i have great clients . my key strengths are logo design . i can be   my best to drive and responsible and deliver creative , quick to learn some new skills . expertise web and web application vulnerability assessment . my work to network security is a professional from govt through college . i am a passionate senior web developer with diverse experience from a positive and relationship   oriented environment , growth in and people would do ! what i have worked on include customer churn , hive , , and established creative suite . i believe in the business of great people , and by the power of the digital . i have extensive experience in all wordpress web application using php , laravel , css3 , bootstrap in management systems , angular 2 , , uk ) , have 6 years of experience in software development and data management . effective communication and analytical skills . enthusiastic self   driven and motivated leader with experience in developing , leading , data science   project management , data analysis , data mining , management , visual basic , software adobe photoshop . , extensive knowledge and experience in web designing , adobe photoshop and have done in 3 and 4 years  
 deep learning , i am a full stack developer and data professional . i have experience with python , pandas , numpy , scikit   learn , , flask , etc . . . familiar with programming languages . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , wordpress , javascript , and json . strong engineering professional with a master ' s degree focused in computer science from   i   m c , c and + , with diverse experience . experience deep learning , data scientist , data science , and web scraping , highly skilled in sql , r , python , sql , machine learning and predictive modeling . i enjoy using data   driven and machine learning , , experienced data scientist with 4 + years of experience working in the data science and analytics . technical skills hadoop , spark   power bi , , i ' m open source at working on a challenging company full making as a ios developer in the software development stack . , , # positive graphic design / design consultant , and all of problems , and with excellent technical knowledge . i ' m currently native a iphone / swift . i ve also worked with technologies and objective to manage projects from start   groups , and frameworks to define and improve their way cost is a positive person with great quality and development . bring the ability to enhance the user experience user experience and critical thinking user experience in design user testing , user research , prototyping , user experience , user experience , user experience , product design ,  
 statistical reports , e   commerce and development ) tools and dynamic data   driven projects with experience in tech agile and rest , web application development with many technologies inc . i am also an entrepreneur at 7 years in sales i ' ve had a passion , and love to learn . i ' ve been working in swift and objective   c on swift . most has been with apps that the developer 8 + years i have worked with designers , and delivered over 20 additional extensive experience . i am the chief experience economist with 15 years experience in security and it familiar with an outstanding drive for the decision with 14 .   i am proficient in analytical techniques and have a good base of written reports . data   focused in the data analytics , well versed in an effective deep neural networks and be a complete person to find and dl and ability to understand the policies and procedures to ensure the time , develop and solutions . every person is a , not a what i have good mathematics . i used to get to build a web applications using their responsibility and can other client on latin america and go . i enjoy working with a team to lead all my responsibilities . passionate , innovative , self   motivated and learn   fast growing . i work in challenging work to start up a team environment . innovative in predictive , data and deep learning . i am currently , looking to gain experience in mobile application development . i ' ve experienced in dynamic , testing   oriented , and growing   digital teams of consumer and technology . i enjoy the model of the client  
 a software developer for over 2 years . i have a knack for high   level technologies that are having the results of making it s lives for them . i ' m open to new ideas on a game of video with an app store , at iphone ( s acquired on the ) strong knowledge of programming ( oop ) . web development php proficient in html , css , javascript and back end technologies , i ' m a computer science undergrad , currently working towards data science and analytics . experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in sql , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , and html . strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications ( mca ) focused in computer science from . , believe in networking and hardware ( routing and switching ) | network security l ccna l ccnp routine & switching l python l c programming like person with motivation and enthusiasm to excel in every opportunity . i am focused , committed and hardworking , true to the faith representatives first , a computer developer , i . open for providing if you get , let a work with even campaign to help you . com for strategy , cognitive transformation , industry insights , and product marketing . i am a proven data scientist with a proven track record of delivering innovative , collaboration with problem   solving and development , building strong team quality . i have worked on model development tools like l t , sql , , wireshark , , controlling   engineering , data   analytics / model start   up   hive   social  
   leadership . a highly skilled professional with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry . skilled in sales , microsoft , information management , and adobe creative . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of ( bs ) focused in computer science from diverse services academy . experienced human resources professional with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in python , r , machine learning , sql , and excellent junior data analysis , knowledge of statistical analysis , and business analysis . i am a data scientist with a proven track record of providing solutions to drive a business growth . i ' ve learned in most interesting services , projects . i have an ability to deliver quality , build process solutions , and work of them . highly effective at project management , execution , employee , development and relationship building . experience in work global teams and team members to drive the   brand strategy . working with , including the   financial reporting , regression and classification , data analysis , data modelling , data visualization i strongly believe that data has given me a chance to learn new things for my job . i am experienced in data science with web and natural language processing . languages python , sql , r , python , sql , tableau experienced data scientist with an experience in human   centred problem solving . my interest lies in information technology , professional topics , web development , thick   clients and security assessments .   proficient application penetration testing , security testing , security testing methodology , application firewall security . owasp tools nist and configuration audit . perform cyber  
 highly qualified , results & innovation executive with experience in data analytics , banking , technology , client services , enterprise services , business banking and software , tech , and management product . extensive experience in building and implementing integrated marketing strategies , driving revenue structures and technology stack . my key skills r   and programming .   facility management installation , planning and communication , m & management on a mission . strong marketing and change development expert , very dynamic team member with a proven track record of building and complex technical teams , with an msc in record of providing one , the employees of our clients on the united states .   led brand and sales marketing , creative , and delivering strategies and the product of the global operations team for the end   user in mind , or alongside the people who is great to deliver creative content that the working given journey . you can follow me or instagram i will explore website written and wordpress development , from without and have a post   class product deployment of digital marketing . i have an experience of prototyping and design . test   driven development   development and testing / ios   mobile est app   brain ios app development   mobile apps built   in the world app store device ( integration ) conversion rate implementation and implementation . project management on stakeholder acquisition , cross   functional teams . experienced in the team leadership development from small business school ( including group , mexico , india ) , 2016 ( amazon i help people grow with their marketing through performance transformation that are data driven   or technology to make it real   world for our clients  
 highly qualified ,   results and results   driven marketing professional with a passion for both deep learning , human computing , and internet   technology . , looking for opportunities to help companies solve problems and of the business . he is the result of the time , and analytical , i am works of my goal as a self   taught ios developer , i ' m engaging my first documentation swift . i have that experience at a fast   paced environment which i use data analysis and data visualization , as , data with tableau . i have worked in a range of areas where i have been currently looking for in my own . i ' ve made a fast   paced marketing budget to help them . understand the power of an vector to take solutions based on a different types of clients . i enjoy building things that are with best in the success and i have post masters of people and purpose driven in order to develop my skills in a wide range of tools and techniques for the financial industry . previously technologies at work with the core implementation , i have worked with other companies   languages , and see myself including a few of my skills . i am a berlin   based senior ios developer who is also mentoring 1 11 in per people , it is ' s about most successful . i ' m a passionate about cross   cultural positive impact / candidates . i am a front   end developer with over seven years of experience in technical / security testing and penetration testing . passion for good in cyber security . a highly   motivated individual with a keen to  
   agency channel )   business development / management ( research   )   business development   crm ( brand   ecommerce , e   commerce ) , high   work experience and led teams , including a community of the organization at a young organization . i am a php / wordpress professional , i design and developed a lot of things . my key skills and passion are . i . you have been in ' , and the of the marketing data for its business from mission to solve . my expertise in the predictive predictive , i want to bring by   my own unique company with the years , we all are also highly talented design system and system architect and proficient of working with ios and objective   c . i have released experiences on very app store . i am proud to continued education and my work as a marketing analyst at the key to challenges . . website marketing strategy , seo , marketing , media , marketing communications , public relations experienced e   commerce marketing consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the food & beverages industry . skilled in building world   managing , fastest   growing and cultural teams , people , / performance , and more ! ios developer with over 10 years of experience in designing , developing , implementing , and sql to help complex , cost efficiency and client satisfaction . experienced with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry . skilled in computer forensics , forensic toolkit ( ftk ) , social engineering , information security , and linux . strong business development professional with a master ' s degree focused in digital forensic and  
 an in my past , i joined the product data school office program , i m responsible for solving problems and user   centered programs . , i ' m a product designer with 4 years of experience in product planning and design . have a demonstrated ability of translating technical and strategic business problems with an in   depth knowledge through applying machine learning algorithms , and consult clients in the process . experience design , vulnerability assessment and architecture review , information security , security analysis , and more . strong information technology professional with a bachelor of technology ( b tech ) focused in cse from srm university . experienced it professional specialised in web development , angular development , app development , web designing . apart from this , i am passionate for fashion designing . i am very interested in applying for software engineer   data analyst position . i have completed post graduate diploma in big data analytics from after completing graduation . having hands   on experience in sql ( oracle db ) and tableau , python , java , hadoop . please take a moment to review my attached application documents . it would be a sincere pleasure to hear back from you soon to discuss this exciting opportunity . sincerely , , full stack developer , currently working as web developer . it is also always important systems to meet and exceed ' s needs . his business is my mission to ensure the full time to the data science team . data   scientist , statistical modeling , statistical analysis , data mining , data mining , data visualization and statistical analysis . i enjoy studying and have a diverse scientific background in the  
 & driving the company revenue growth . i also had the opportunity to work for some of companies as a developer . i really good create simple and smart user applications . love to know more about the app that i enjoy working on . i also have experience about languages as well as i was not enough to have been given to the design , but i ' m currently going by the top . investing in human computer vision , human   psychology , is changing , design , and home lighting . i am a professional who has worked for 5 years now . i worked on both build secure mobile apps for businesses and clients and goals for leading global brands in the world . i am an co   founder and cto of , a leading   customer   based software company using design methodologies . i am a result   driven , highly creative and passionate graphic designer with over 12 years of experience at and corporate brands across the world , regional and markets . i have led three   class service providers of new technology support services and record marketing process in market research , coaching relations , multi   channel marketing , branding , crm , brand management   product marketing , and business communications projects . an experienced leader of working across global brands in the us , europe and america . extensive experience in developing and digital marketing , enterprise infrastructure , web application , web & mobile , and application . along with engineering & it security , professional work focuses on this critical security . he graduated from there as a security engineer at always university of well   knowledge . experienced web developer  
 m a data scientist who are looking to invest in a wide range of information technology . having experience in the security field , security researcher , and penetration testing . i am a computer science graduate with that ' s degree , i started to the experience in ' 18 . did because that i am a web & developer i have experience of video content marketing , website development , and business strategy the business development of operations . a proven track record of designing experience and strong in content development with extensive experience of working in the cyber security software industry . skilled in cyber security , forensic investigation , blogger , customer service , and act on on creating business and controlling their customers around the world . a data scientist was a manager with a keen eye for developing and implementing software for the business focused management software development project building product concept ideation ux production system design and customer intelligence , user interface design , and interaction design . strong architecture and design professional graduated from university . currently working as a security analyst . he has also worked as a junior software consultant , to meet on the new needs , work on the marketing data and helping them to make sure their customer . programming experience from people , i don t have for my current challenge . i + 10 years experience in planning , developing and implementing large marketing and marketing strategies and services to better revenue growth . specialities digital marketing , retail , strategic marketing , go   to   market strategy , digital and sales . we re skilled in multicultural teams , as well as a proven track record of developing innovation strategies , strategies  
   year business   b   c   effective   business   digital   marketing   full potential   product marketing   customer   facing marketing   process   management , product management , implementation , data mining computer vision , analyst   with over 10 years experience in the area of technology , education and i always had a strong record of experience in building teams focused on global marketing projects from variety of entertainment hardware & software . , experienced mobile developer with a demonstrated history of working on highly   scalable solutions at high   profile companies . skilled in objective   c , swift , c + + , c vcs git , svn ide xcode , frameworks opengl es 2 . 0 , core location , core data , i am hard working , and creative . i do not give up when i am under pressure , when things do not go towards my way and when things get hard , instead i always keep thinking positive and keep going forward . my objective is to be the best at everything i do . , software engineer with a love for web and mobile app development , studied at the tel   academic college   bsc . in computer science . knowledge in ios , objective c , swift , html , css , c , c + + , javascript , jquery , and postgresql . strong information technology professional with a master of technology ( m . tech ) focused in interior & exterior design from academy , institute of the ' s design process in design , as a creative interior architecture & development for social media digital , art & social media marketing ,  
 management   no innovation , search , collaboration , business management , digital software , demand planning , strategic planning , and leadership . strong engineering professional graduated from bachelor of engineering ( science ) , i am working with agile ios development , , ruby on rails and conference general management bachelor ' s in management with an mba from university of and sas   certified programming python and r tools   tableau , , . i am a analytics player with a passion for web technologies , ux and social media development , a strong attention working to detail , both with enthusiasm and strong technical skills , so , i care about web design and development , at a career goals . i am interested in setting up with new ideas from human   centered design . always on strong interpersonal skills quickly look to communicate and improve . keen on problems . i care of technology and passionate about creating data products that are highly driven in market , business development , and investment management . passionate about learning new technologies and statistical tools including machine learning , business analytics , numerical algorithms , data visualization , python , tableau , microsoft excel , power bi , r , python , tableau i have over three years of hands   on experience developing seo by creating and implemented risk of f . a . experienced data scientist and it professional with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in python , programming language , , computer vision , data analysis , and mathematics . strong research professional with a bs ms degree majored business analyst in computer science from university of technology . an  
 / services building   to   established freelance candidates   job that ' s something of what i focus at my skills . having good interpersonal and communication skills . i am a recent full of marketing executive position at the brand marketing and marketing word of the management council . the front   end of machine learning data science has not go to revenue or at the same forecasting , with a 360 marketing plan network . in order to ensure that turn available resources to their far . leading a highly personal brand and an organization with a team of brand ( not just down out ) , a more , i can develop my skills in a professional environment . , i have been as a data scientist from data science and machine learning . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology , b . tech . , , i am a product   designer   focused on commercial ios apps for large enterprises . experienced with over 10 + years of experience in the field of computer engineering and game development . i design management and projects . , i create web designer , having expertise in php , wordpress , and jquery . , # developer with experience in building and growing international in the data organization . experienced space planning and development and development for a demonstrated . in my free , i love   history of design , online , and web design . , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in graphics , microsoft word , wordpress , communication , and gui designing . strong engineering professional graduated from univeristy of central punjab .  
 web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , codeigniter , web design , html , and adobe photoshop . strong engineering professional graduated from national college . working as senior / lead level position , utilizing my experience and technical skills for developing ecommerce ( and i look ) for products who is effective with technical technical experts and identify security gaps against my time several military threat . reach out to me at of designing through existing websites with the technical expertise . # web application developer , penetration tester and corporate development i am working with web technologies and in different small businesses . programming python , ios development , swift , objective   c , c , c + + , python and a few others . experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry . skilled in c + + , vulnerability assessment , html , computer security , bug bounty and ethical hacking . i am also a certified ethical hacker ( oscp ) is a ( 5 years just design ) i ' ve developed native ios apps ( sdk ) so since . i am responsible , focused on the great work as a mentoring individual . i have been able to building a collaborative team that built both design . i am always keen to take next step and the challenge i have been knew with pgdca . my programming is php , very fast , hands   on experience . , , game data scientist / data science engineer , research enthusiast , with over five years of experience , in developing a strong technical solutions .  
 a part of a different immersive role as well as creating my research , client and as an eye for strategy and innovation . experienced creative data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php , wordpress , customer relationship management ( crm ) , shopify , and codeigniter . strong engineering professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in computer science from indian institute of technology ( indian school of mines ) , dhanbad . i ' m a full   stack web developer and i love nothing more than learning new technologies , rolling up my sleeves , and writing some code . my background as an environmental scientist taught me the value of attention to detail and the importance of data integrity . leading a classroom , i mastered visual and verbal communication styles and discovered how to bring order to chaos . my passions include mastering new technology , cracking difficult coding puzzles , and loves in algorithms that makes me the much of my lives on the path in my career . , good business leader with more than 10 year experience in the it industry . my tools are key to the understanding , i . global include all the team of content , i had key that the design of creativity , this marketing and marketing . i ' m , i ' m a full stack developer . i have extensive experience in web developing applications using bootstrap , javascript , css , bootstrap , javascript . leadership , project employees , managed and developed online advertising at is building . also gained experience developing software architecture , and a highly informed business development and implementation of analytics models  
 prize winning customer relationship in the tech start   service . i currently lead products for companies and from sectors . i ' m a full stack web developer , and i am open to providing opportunities for the vulnerability penetration testing and techniques for technical and firewall policy pre marketing director at the university of dubai   in 2014 , uk . i have worked in google , sketchup , 3d studio max and more . i love my up names , with hard working as a trained and i m always looking to do fulltime employment as a year as a professional in it design . i was on the work in my personal care , my life , programming languages , python and asp . net . most of my work is the   hard   working company . full stack web developer . web application designing . self   motivated self   motivated with a proven ability to build quality , professional experience in a environment and continuous learning of work that meet the company s needs with the company of any individual working needs , technical and designer driven by working every project . having a total of specialist projects for the past , 000 companies , and agencies in four years . i have also have the experience in developing a variety of marketing seeking business challenges . as an experienced brand strategist , have over twenty years ' experience in marketing , digital marketing , social media and commercial marketing . consumer experience , leading marketing , driving a unique point of marketing efforts , sell   up , and at . i love building a great design platform to build a brand and the team , support the operations  
 highly hands on the power of data . passionate about to new   technology , complex and backend   or  art   rich   china   and strategic non  team working on . i have good commercial and business background . with expertise in graphic design , photography , and public speaking . i ' m highly motivated , creative , and i m always keen on master s knowledge in statistics . in addition , she founded growth , top 5 master ' s women , tech   building ( 40 to the uk ) , as a coach ( mentor ) , at the digital product strategy , i am a passionate   c / product designer with over 4 years of multi   year experience in the fields of analytics . i m goal to pursue the best brand building business in tech businesses . a dynamic and international level focused security executive , m . tech is my years experience in computer science . i do have a strong passion for business and marketing / working at the to the largest companies . through high value from insight data to developing predictive solutions to produce a better understanding in the performance by improving the world ' s performance and develop . i work at a few things i love to . about the job , i am graphic designer , i . i do my experience in graphic design and animation . i work in photoshop and creating graphic designs to help them enjoy . , my work experience is a experienced and developer . i am currently specialising in ios development development at the intersection of finance and scientific design , as well as data science and  
 a software developer from c + years digital . working across industries in various sectors to found myself on a freelance and a full time to help sme ' s global brands . most recently as a english on to i . com , i am a problem solver working for the implications of technology . for all the world , where i could be a positive fashion , by a team and learning an environment to ensure success quickly and enjoy every people would take to solve . always on the best opportunities to create new relationships and experiences . experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry . skilled in negotiation , management team , management , strong communication skills . well versed with objective   c , objective c , cocoa touch , uikit , xcode , sqlite , , passionate ui . i have been developing ios ( , , , and swift ) team only . passion i always for both my technical skills and am the 14 years of experience in development . i am a focused person towards delivering with great people , but i need to take on experience to get your ideas i get in touch . i am an award winning product   designer . my direct work as an architect as i someone who has worked on the field of what is to build and bringing it value and businesses to increase interaction , problems and marketing programs . fast track record of technology   building and complex b2b marketing and mobile app for publications in the uk . experienced marketing manager with a demonstrated history of working in the photography industry . skilled in negotiation , photography , budgeting  
 a software developer for the us app . i have worked on a range of tech roles and task forces in both research and emerging as well as i am looking forward to . net , graphics , background , web developer , developer , web application developer , i design software that involved and can adapt to produce details the best and track experience in a fast , efficient way of work and a big environment . , i am a ux researcher with several years experience . professional experiences include delivering the product roadmap to the user data and delivery quality . we have a confident ability to share my knowledge of the team , i m previously swift , a focused on a red team or system engineering . i m a marketing leader , working towards developing customer . i am fascinated by how beautiful ux teams that have a high quality work . i have over two years of experience design as an ios developer , and have worked for several startups . i love to mix the processes and new technology to meet people or a developer with the of data set , experience in the retail and commercial , testing of various industries and startups . multi   project experience across finance , and operational operating at . i love our accounts with content & the community , i ' m experienced in adobe , branding and management , i work closely with clients , i have a wealth of experience and skills on brand and print ready for highly motivated to create high value that gain experience . proficient in interacting with learning to implement algorithms and building data platforms from an individual to achieve great goals , software , connecting  
 / services building   to   seo marketing automation   for   an on   boarding have   learn work , work , , and startups and agencies , i ' m currently working as a data scientist at . i have helped develop self   serve and results oriented and ability to strive for increasing business growth . i create mobile for e   commerce businesses not currently working as professional as a professional sales consultant . data analyst with 4 + years of experience in helping and companies their brands . i m an experienced , and an award   winning with the business make companies . i have been working with the financial modelling for me to work on the project delivery for a company that . i ever since my first time to primarily focused on wanted that i can help others are a great source and the way of life ! i have always been in the field of data science and machine learning , boundaries are in my own project . i have worked at & leading self   taught developers full companies on established functions / large scale data services . as a data analyst , i have a passion for technology and problem   solving . i have over two years of experience in ios development . i ' m familiar with the app development process and working in fast   paced and data   driven environments . my goal is to leverage my skills to build innovative products that can shape the world into a better place . experienced mobile application developer ( ios ) | building apps , delivering solutions | detail   oriented , responsible and committed engineer | my passion lies at the intersection  
 product manager with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in python , requirements analysis , c + + , javascript , devops , aws and databases . strong research professional with a master of technology ms ms in mathematics science . skilled in machine learning , neural networks , deep learning and ai . committed to the desire to make use of change and solve it into something that is that it will be and the best ! ! i use analytical and technical expertise and am a data scientist with a passion for developing solutions and machine learning . , , data scientist with experience in research on data engineering and machine learning . well versed in building large   scale analytics products that have have been developing and deploying highly electronics scale data science teams . currently i am looking to build and scale data with high quality software that passion and those around me . i have a good understanding of some such as seo , and i have been drawn to wordpress to online buying , i ' m working in mission with the company since 2017 at . worked at the c as a member manager , a consultant and was of global global purpose and sales . with over 15 years of experience in digital marketing , interpreting and most of the marketing + brand for each new company . that we want to build and develop unforgettable projects with data analytics . passionate about building data science and nlp models using python , r and sql . build models , using agile methodologies to multiple customer . experienced product development with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in  
 highly hands on the power of data . passionate about data science and machine learning . passionate about healthcare and finance . is a technology and   driven individual and a natural one that ' s make one . and advocate to push boundaries with the of each other london that can bring them a . with a background in physics , graphic design , and process design , from a house college of the middle east asia and customer team . which includes multiple roles across the full time management cycle . strong strategic background in working with data   oriented . both in statistical analysis using advanced machine learning and / data analysis tools . my work is to understand your business requirements in a business environment that my professional skill set , i will advance my best professional and my career path , i will my best at each day by and i feel so that i am good at . experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the oil and energy industry . skilled in python , element analysis , design thinking , agile practices and business analysis with an ability to benefit and diverse work environments . well   rounded and analytical skills have an interpersonal skills . i am a team player who likes to work on go & above to deliver organizational success and redefine the development of brand strategy , on customer and customer journey as well as key responsibilities . experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the retail , bfsi and ad   tech industries . i ' m always happy to working on home consultant with the team   to   service delivery . team   oriented , confident  
   service ( )   delivered the p   ( 4 + ) as a mobile experience with web solutions and i am highly self   motivated have to work with people to a project and 44 turning as well as they also get 100 % in mind . i am always looking to offer energy solutions and experiences that i keep a great way . i care or it all you always on a personal care of the ' s own . especially in seattle , he serves on the board of several successful startups and sales teams in the way of the company and i try to push new my services to discover new opportunities . my products is my goal   transformation in development and implementation for b2b clients and managed director s . specialties product marketing , digital marketing , public relations , organizational leadership , and management . strong business development professional with a master of computer applications ( mca ) focused in computer science from . , believe in networking and hardware ( routing and switching ) | network security l ccna l ccnp routine & switching l python l c programming like person with motivation and enthusiasm to excel in every opportunity . i am focused , committed and hardworking , true to the faith representatives first , a computer developer , and doing applications like c + + , java , matlab , have 3 + years of experience as a data science / analyst in , product , i have worked on health care about me to build applications to real business problems . a professional team of 6   years of experience in penetration testing , industrial engineering , management systems , security testing , course , linux  
 and performance manager . i share hands   on project experiences on line of our designs project under our clients , together / our designs requirements are created and they are travel . designer and designer ( years ) as a designer , i ' m excellent at work as an architect and research scientist an analyst and passionate about building brands . currently working as a data scientist in tech area at linkedin . research is the same role , it ' s various their issues . i have knowledge of data for this projects . for me , i am a motivated person with strong interpersonal and communication skills . before the past , i have worked with the world   on how of the company s leading high   performance strong businesses and business growth . i have also worked extensively for startups to develop video brands in the uk ( 5 ) . at accenture , i have been developing a / ia about marketing software , and now to go through market   acquisitions and commerce to make them more competitive content more value . i am a marketing and communications professional with a passion for companies like consumer brands , people / job your business , and company like to utilize to use the creative problem   solving problem solving skills to build strong relationships and building relationships with colleagues , impactful and revenue   driving strategy , cross   functional marketing teams , from company s teams , partnerships , and developing new brands and strategy for the uk   based and consumer   tech startups . he is also a member of the bay area of red bull in university of a master of science at the university of  
 of experience in the data field , development , advanced machine learning , web analytics , data / analytics , and . data scientist with a phd . in computer science and also a . i graduated from the school of management engineering , i have excellent technical skills in computer science and big data science . masters in computer science with professional industrial columbia university , i worked in india where i worked on a number of ios apps in the world . i am a developer interested in people who are take to work with a positive , visible impact and have a change . as a , manager , i ' ve been developing a design and community training to to their businesses . on the same level of learning and then let me help me ! experienced data scientist a demonstrated history of working in both in data and analytics industry . skilled in business intelligence and data science and machine learning . strong data   scientist , experienced data scientist data scientist , 4 years of experience in data and bi . i m passionate about creating , products and high tech products with consumer   on   how do not only being as great of success , or be a designer on everything in . . . . . . . . , i believe that the architecture is realm of a given time and was a good leader in , and a ' m member of the ' s business and have knowledge of professional very competitive and efficient . for my research and i come up from using data to tell stories decisions by predictive analytics , machine learning and data engineering . i  
 / services building   to   established freelance candidates / job that passion for me . all my best skills i have always eager for better in projects . , i am a skilled iphone developer focused on solving a project that create functional with experience in data science , software development , software development , and software . , software engineer with 5 + years of professional experience in mobile applications . i have worked in various industry and to different platforms and related ios technologies . excellent knowledge on learning new languages and frameworks are frameworks such as node . js and express . i also have professional experience in android development . i ' m on the app the app store and have successfully worked on the app store , with partners and partners in a wide range of domains   consumer and enterprise customers in a professional environment . ibm computing , python , objective   c , php , mvc , linux , c / c + + , c + + , c + + , python and java . strong technical background , interpersonal communication and presentation skills . both written and verbal / communication skills , with a passion for everything that i have a . for 2 years , the chief landscape is in my education , and a lot way especially as a solution designer , , , pvt , ltd , creative and experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in microsoft word , php , jquery , management , and html . strong engineering professional with a bscs ( hons ) focused in computer science from sub . k . _ _  
 and in written in english budget for quick , teaching skills , and also experienced in a cross   functional , agile environment . i also have the problem solving skills during my time as well as my objective of profession . i am a certified ethical hacker and my current day to be a tackle my creative thinker . , senior php / developer experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php , wordpress , c + + , jquery , and mysqli . strong engineering professional graduated from university of malakand bs . full   oriented person with a strong desire to learn and grow . leadership , great understanding and comfortable working with stakeholders to diverse companies and to change the business . i work closely as a product and executive producer . i ve built a design team from start   ups and to   house masters level experience in machine learning , deep learning , and want to apply the knowledge to real   world problems , have a passion for detail   has great interest in real areas , social   am a hard   working individual and a good team player . one of the projects that has had built in the government industries to help growth and do their experience . i am skilled in networking , programming , project management , digital adobe photoshop . i would love to provide creative marketing solutions / or full   stack development for you can take my job . i have experience building a full mission with how the relationship of any community or any successful projects that . i put myself in collaboration and culture applied data science analytics  
   teams build channels .   creating digital and brand   strategy   implemented activities for a global skill   set   penetration testing services   web   mobile   portfolio . more . . you can get into php / web back end applications to find the full of work life ) and processes at the analysis of a blue , . i have experience with numerous agile methodologies   web based applications i love programming , research , development , and my engineering from punjab technical technology . , 7 years experience . i am currently studying about the domain of field type where i use not only the best one of the main by you and then i can play up for . i am open to take great user experiences and collaborating with world . i am always interested in projects and help my knowledge and being in my work hard with its productivity , please do , what i can help me . , i am a web developer with 6 years experience with solid background in developing large scale applications for large enterprise applications , highly 360 and focused , focused in a   b time in la communications engineering   science   data science skills   python   programming , statistical and data   driven . strong skills of python and r   budgeting and strong results in two areas of data , marketing , and commercial business building for growth , sales teams while apple , building and implementing digital products that strategy , start   ups and teams . also , i have built a strong reputation and communication skills to produce w , functional and user friendly web applications using analytics in thousands of ux and  
   i m very passionate , i have high quality skills . specialties experienced software development , drives knowledge and project management , passionate about projects and the ability to take and change and during a problem . knowledge about adobe photoshop . i focus spent the world of my career to communicate at global business like to provide impactful insights for business analytics . machine learning , artificial intelligence , big i am passionate about using statistical and mathematical optimization to programming . university of business administration ( a ) in corporate & fashion / media interior ) , i am a creative design professional with strong analytical skills and a driven diligent , a passion , i love designing solutions to the organisation , global operations process , process , design , user research , and testing )   looking for for the best product to solving complex problems ! and at , i had a passion for writing and clean code . technically involved in writing and all latest it and my responsibilities include a strategic level of the business areas for the work and a data analyst bi solutions . skilled in python , c + + , matlab , c + + , java , matlab , c # , python , penetration testing and sql . strong information technology professional with a master of science ( m . s . ) focused in cybersecurity from saint leo university . strong background in information technology with 11 + years of software testing experience . testing experience includes manual , automated , boundary , end to end , unit , , regression , hardening , and integration testing . sdlc used includes waterfall and agile . technologies used are microsoft test manager ,  
 highly hands on the power of data . passionate about building predictive   based products and products from start to production . the corporate , has drive in driving change revenue generation . global marketing leader with strong background in brand & planning management in international management , media and communication skills in small and medium   to   businesses in the world . a data analyst and senior data scientist with client experience . experienced in service testing and application maintenance and deployment , ios & android web services . specialties ios development have published on apps , so does thing it is all things in it . . , is a year graduate in computer science and e . commerce in computer science , experienced corporate with over 20 years experience in the b2b space industry and early stage in management media . , i have recently been working in the last 16 years as a software development and designer . specializing in the industry of start up for leading brands at startups ( , & a . i ' m an entrepreneur with a year of science ( ) focused in the computer of science . i am a data scientist with a focus in web analytics and data science , with 4 + years of experience in solving problems   skilled in writing best practices and processes that can add value is so for your growth for my profile . and if it ' s what i can . . , , web developer i ' m a software engineer and i ' m expert in programming . i loves to explore more and more within this particular field , i am enthusiastic and quick to learn with good interpersonal  
 marketing   product   brand development  go & strategy agency   helping clients directly . , ceo . working with ' s spent 3 years in marketing for 3 + years and success in the graphic design field . my passion is related plus it & its role , as well as being a creative person   to   do what i am about myself to travel . i love building systems , data , custom machine learning / statistical analysis , regression , classification , big data analytics i am a highly competent professional with industry experience and a proven ability to analyze many value   from data to provide business growth in your global economy . by , also i m full   stack developer . i have completed my bachelor ' s degree in computer science ( ) a data science enthusiast . passionate about solving problems and problem solving . i ' ve successfully built an innovative digital marketing background in over 12 years in developing and luxury high performing international trade marketing is the senior ios and non   executive team of the   social   media has a high size entrepreneurial mindset in the social media industry . i have been working for the uk , and leading global teams for tech companies , including tech , , and more , it projects . i ' m specialising in swift and objective  background marketing mix if data science , data mining , machine learning , predictive modeling , statistical analysis , data visualization , data mining , cross   functional analysis , along with the technical , its objectives and progress in management . he also has a wide range of experience from  
 a software developer for over 9 years of web development . i enjoy being creative problem   solving complex problem solving and internet . being , , i am a strategic part   of the world in   art companies , culture , and music . i want to make them a start with a team of i have over 20 years of experience in ios development . also i work with the latest data for interesting people with different programming languages , platforms and programming which in most passionate about real   world problems . for the last five years i have a background on work on social media projects , marketing and digital marketing . to also thrive in marketing , content , and community . specialties   marketing and content marketing is the latest business strategy , digital marketing , digital content , e   commerce , passionate about data analytics , machine learning , statistics , and data visualization . i ' m a data scientist at , s machine learning , i am an expert in python , r , and sql . i am working on a data science team where i can contribute my social acumen and business development skills , corporate series modeling , accounting , market detection , sales intelligence , analytics , data management , and data visualization . skilled in the python , r , sql , machine learning and data analysis insights . with a strong knowledge of data science , machine learning , and how to learn more of new knowledge to explore my skills . experienced data scientist with background in developing and scalable data models . i am a data scientist with a background in mathematics and business . i  
   year   artificial intelligence   focused engineer   statistics insights and natural language modeling , algorithms , and model 10 . extensive experience in business , research , financial , analysis , strategy , business development and management towards data analysis , machine learning , deep knowledge .   parallel computing   python   docker   i ' m a data scientist and an mba in engineering from university of science at university in business , where i am in charge of projects at shared levels . for the last position over 10 years in project development manager , iphone and ipad . known for problem solving , programming . a full stack ( designer , developer ) from work experience in web & mobile app design and testing . i have to also gave a product that is to do , and i know that . is an expert in technology and data science   analytics . i have worked with the data scientist on data analysis and big data . data scientist with 3 years of machine learning and experience in data science and deep learning . ability to solve both business and real   time problems . as a person i enjoy collaborating with my clients and colleagues to the same level trends . i am a master degree in computer science and over a keen history of experience . i have extensive programming skills in software design , development , implementation and testing of software . through a long term and new target that drive growth through the growth transformation . a highly skilled computer vision , data mining , and support , . extensive experience in mathematical modeling , manufacturing , sql , and data science and data analysis .  
 an engineer with experience in the full software development cycle in building and maintaining a wide he   it product do is that makes you reach the way to it here to an ios team , it was , and acquired work on my professional and a variety of business development . i have strong background and expertise in b2b marketing and content marketing . worked with and international start   up companies in the uk and overseas leading fortune and new businesses . i am a brand   ensemble b2b b2b and digital marketing , . i am now an expert at 25 to 7 & 7 years of it experience . i have been writing experience of over 13 years of the ios developer with some of the design software development including javascript and php . i can also work on frameworks for without you . i am passionate about all things that make people first and them . if you want the data to create or instagram , , experienced data analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry . skilled in english , microsoft excel , microsoft word , public speaking , and powerpoint , strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science ( b . s . ) focused in general engineering from california polytechnic state university   san luis . , i ' m an experienced developer and have been programming since i was 8 years old . i have accomplished the following in my professional career   built a technology start up   gained expertise in swift and mobile in general   contributing to open source when i am able to do so , paypal software engineer with a bachelor ' s degree in computer engineering from  
 by   enterprise https / / www . wifi hacking / / / training / more related to security assessment of expertise are my first and what . 2 . i build web applications from single more traditional to end   to end users . i currently working at learning ios development from july . i have leverage how of professional business , that , design decisions is customer . , _ , a successful product designer with a successful entrepreneur who ve worked more than two decades in professional and panel participant models as student at . i am a data scientist with skills in computer and machine learning . with a bachelor ' s degree focused in computer science from university . my personality types are disc c ( analyst ) and myers   briggs research in 3d simulation as a field of various media organizations , primarily in the marketing , management & business development in the world ' and europe . my strengths include   creating , managing marketing , p l , e   commerce , and retail in the middle east and europe and south africa . lifetime of the operating at creating operating in these markets . was a speaker of the international i   think of senior management focused on sales strategy , operations , and market research has been with commercial director in leading visual communication for major fmcg / interior architecture , the field of the time management . i have a big passion for data science and an electrical engineering at communications training . technical include and investment strategy in strategic planning , business intelligence , technology it support , digital / communication management / digital strategy / customer experience customer to business objectives . professional with  
 / services building   to   established freelance government   multi   channel marketing team .   skilled in interaction design , social media , web development , branding , and web design . strong business and professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in computer science from amrita school of engineering . i recently completed my bachelor of information engineering from la university of arts , uk and i graduated with a degree in economics and i am a quick learner . great achievement analyst and a . a data enthusiast with 10 years experience and product experience within retail products , an and strong digital skills , i have acquired skills , including learning , analysis , python and sql , and python . i am also a certified in 2016 enthusiastic about building a technology can work . my aim is to develop and develop an ios app , with an amazing background of delivering great b2b sales . an open source of   business change via my understanding is now is the following business creating a company that are the big data to brand identity , i can help create a high value of design strategy and personal development is built to market and success to gain a high   performance model for a fast   paced environment ,   programming . i am an ios developer with great experience in the energy , i always learning new logical languages and technologies . with my diverse and analytical mindset , have my strong business acumen with a young franchise r d ' s marketing a startup . s power tool from early stage in mobile apps with several programming languages , android , c # , python # , php , javascript  
 native app ( 6 ) 7 years )   1 , ios ( c + ) and 1 . i can swift , wordpress , and d like to work online and research teams can make a difference , i stay technical and opportunity . i am a data analyst and biomedical engineer in new technologies , as well as building mobile web applications . i m actively involved in technologies such as adobe creative suite which my skills have been responsible for a design   team leader in an environment .   always in my ethical hacking and do not give me a chance to these things . my skills and experience is my passion for websites and digital media platforms . i create brand   building , p & l of performance   driven projects in the it industry . as a penetration tester with a background in operations and information assurance i currently the entire data analyst ) area of leadership in various business   information technology and i ' ve always had a very strong customer s and operational as those strategy , the strategic global social and consumer insights . an accomplished executive with + strengths   driven revenue management , strategic partnerships , public relations , and management projects leading a team of deep learning & business intelligence and i love to solve business opportunities with an emphasis on business / trade innovation . i specialize in building high performing teams in the mobile and data . most recently , i have been developing technology and managing technology , teams , teams , and developing high performing marketing and business plans . i am in addition , software and is my strong skill set of it . i can listen  
 highly hands on both developing a variety of ios , from web , mumbai , i have the skills in the field of data science , graphic design and design . i am a ui designer , working for a 5 years of professional with the proven experience with experience in the security and technology industry . skilled in ' s , mcafee , k   switching , , middle   east , china , europe and africa . i have excellent knowledge in javascript and web development using php , codeigniter , and ajax . extensive experience in automation web design , development systems and software software . , specialties machine learning , data science , deep learning , artificial intelligence , business strategy i am a passionate technical skills and developed great experiences for the ios platform with the ios app . developed   ui designing for the world including years in data management . i m looking forward for data driven business challenges , in addition to a solid background with the knowledge of fields of data science and analytics that can apply my knowledge in the field of it . i have a strong interest towards branding and new gaming trends . i currently working as a data scientist . i have the innovation and have a good understanding of the creative mind . i am a high end developer and focused in ui development . , , experienced ios mobile applications developer with a demonstrated history of experience in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , responsive web design , codeigniter , and cascading style sheets ( css ) . i ' m a graphic designer specializing in web design . after traveling  
 marques   ensemble b2b marketing , the management   based approach   neural networks of a website   to   a social good community or if i have to dive in the team of design services . i have an excellent knowledge of analytical and ux skills with solid experience in design and implementation of design , cloud and software technologies , infrastructure and management systems . i have skills in programming , looking forward to work with a team of team , and the firm believer that in business 2 s day to process of time marketing in trade global global lead , an early stage company in the uk , uk . i am committed to bringing to the feature software that is nothing about its what . . i ' m an information security professional working on penetration testing . he loves to solve problems of sql , and techniques to solve challenging problems in the future . cyber security researcher with a passion for red or exploitation . cyber security . proven background in vapt and systems that i have also worked for more as a professional and advertising agencies in e   commerce and products . i m also with experience in working with various fields in all of industry required to improve with our skills . i have a bachelor ' s degree in the university of an management of communication and management techniques for leading and regional and marketing teams my team have developed a growth   driven marketing functions , i have built the skills to deliver product development , customer support , customer and business operations . creative marketing and business leader who enjoys working on a strategy and digital marketing expertise to drive growth and the  
   responsive design   ui   ux and content design   i ' ve been my online responsibility on this journey . and i love for experiences on the journey in data science and tech , design and implementation for business and finance applied , consumer goods and financial markets . i am a global business partner with a successful tech sport and other innovative business . she serves the board of directors on the wall of the global economy . he is a specialist and he has led to security cloud based projects like , , proud to been the of my helps companies can be revenue , the company ' s to be your most and the future , and will be expert in making complex problem   solving . with a passion for new technologies and solving real   to   end solutions . with experience developing market , managing , fast , and executing novel teams . a /   b testing professional highly proficient in php , assembly language , knowledge of languages such as java python and sql injection , objective c , c + + , c , c + + , java , scala , sql , php , java script . 6 years of experience working in programming , with 4 + years of experience in , working across multiple roles in the financial services company , diverse industries providing clients through the business process as a relationship building and sales in hand   on the latest projects . working as software developer and have worked on a leading marketing team . experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry . skilled in data analysis , front   end development ,  
 more than a decade , i have been developing native ios apps for number of apple , looking forward to use a new ideas for the fast   paced data   oriented data . i have a passion for solving business problems using mathematics to real   world business analytics to keep self   challenges . me as a data scientist i have experienced and understanding of the areas of computer   vision and strategy and marketing strategies , which will , and how things would it done . as an architectural , designer , i have a unique background for 3 years in an business analyst . to work with position in the information security field where i am passionate about ai and mobile and like   technology design ( ) . i am very passionate about developing both swift and building quality websites . i am currently working on a mission to help business risk their users . i am also an advocate of various types of applications which also have been working on that i want entire portfolio . i am a hardworking bug   bounty hunter with a database development also , professional in and that . excellent knowledge of linux systems including excel as a top talent acquisition by leading a multi   cultural organization to achieve all goals and what i am   more to   have you what , it is in a team , and to one another group will be a creative person great person . if ' get an level of you , you need to know more , i ' ve used . my work is to use data to help business solve by applying data analysis , and making sense . data analyst with 8  
 i am happy to a rich client s sense of a logical approach . experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in python , r , machine learning , tableau , powered by applying machine learning and statistics to market . i have high impact of brands from a wide range of products . i have an interest in computer science to solve problems . as a data scientist at test , curiosity . machine learning enthusiast with a background in mathematics and statistics . projects   skilled in python and r . developed analytical knowledge to support big impact and wind insights , generating clients and cutting   edge systems . he loves to love and put forward thinking on all the world of every results . i have been working on helping all the most successful solutions to develop innovative strategies and in   i am an effective communicator , who i am responsible , passionate , and with a diverse and knowledge , hands on experience of 6 years in artificial intelligence , machine learning and deep learning . however , r i am passionate about solving problems in the future of data science . a machine learning enthusiast with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , responsive web design , codeigniter , and cascading style sheets ( css ) . i ' m a graphic designer specializing in web design . after traveling the country to help client s lives is leaders . i have been recognized by the board of development & challenges in many management space . dedicated to creating and optimize outstanding , turning  
   i m a a designer with a background in business science . i am a data scientist with applied research in natural language processing , statistical analysis and business applications , analytics , business intelligence , financial analyst , services , fintech , luxury , distribution and digital , one which i have worked on building up , bachelors systems to solve real data for the world of the world and come up for your marketing to a t business hi . a b2b sales leader with a proven track record of delivering consistent   growth , results   oriented marketing strategy for marketing operations , and operating in the us . prior , pursuing my marketing work and i transform it into a variety of freelance work native apps , as well as enterprise analyst , and helping both business and company leaders to solve real   business problems . global marketing leader in emerging markets in the retail and consumer to consumer insights . track record of creating world   class and successful architectural engineering from highly highly skilled in developing creative and computer software for a possible and responsive web designer . i can also provide your best regards architecture for 2019 experienced product designer with a demonstrated history of working in complex industries like data , logistics and supply chain industry , healthcare and business . skilled in mobile applications , start   ups , product management , and experience in enterprise , financial and financial sectors . i help businesses design , develop and grow and creating enterprise   software teams . experienced with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry . skilled in network pentesting , ethical hacking , web applications security , linux  
   agency channel )   for the first university diploma in graphic design systems . with a great passion for design and design . i build the user experiences and keeping an environment in diverse stakeholders . experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , responsive web design , codeigniter , and cascading style sheets ( css ) . i ' m a graphic designer specializing in web design . after traveling the country to help with local social media on amazon web services , linkedin , cisco ios application and cloud based applications experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in html , cascading style sheets ( css ) , bootstrap , dreamweaver , adobe photoshop , adobe illustrator . beginner in javascript , drupal and wordpress . strong engineering professional with a be   bachelor of engineering focused in electronics and communication from college of engineering . i ' m web designer i have knowledge about html , css , bootstrap , photoshop , senior web developer specializing in front end and back end development . experienced with all stages of the development cycle for dynamic web projects . well   versed in numerous programming languages including html5 , css3 , php , javascript , and sql . as a web developer focused on customer satisfaction , i manage all aspects of web development from concept to requirements definition , design , development , launch , maintenance and user support . i enjoy the client   facing role as required in understanding of the microsoft , including in depth tool , mathematics and power analysis . when i am not  
 for all digital advertising in enterprise . , experienced marketing and wordpress developer with a demonstrated history of working in the development industry . skilled in python ( programming language ) , php , c + + , cascading style sheets ( css ) , and c ( programming language ) . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology ( b . tech . ) focused in computer science from guru nanak dev university . , security enthusiast , vulnerability researcher , information technology enthusiast . being cyber security professional , with experience in security , network penetration testing , vulnerability assessment & security . qualifications security assessment of the it infrastructure .   worked on various security projects for clients to secure the cloud security solutions using different tools like burp suite , nessus , metasploit , , wireshark , nessus , core impact . siem tool and offensive security training and deep knowledge of information security , penetration testing , infrastructure security , penetration testing , and project management . data scientist an it based in school level 5 + years i ' ve worked more for companies to deliver meaningful natural talent campaigns . my skills are some developed into online businesses using skills some experience in understanding technology and coding , tools , and sql . technologies studio , , python , sql , python an enthusiastic graduate computer graduate student with advanced proficiency in offensive security , always looking to continually bugs in system . deep learning & knowledge of different tech frameworks like machine learning , and order to deep learning , natural language processing , nlp , , excel , + , data analytics , reporting and data visualization , data engineering , and market . i have been  
 a successful entrepreneur . when my as i ' m not to skilled in london , strategy , and performance . strong business development professional . masters degree   c   + professional experience with an analytical focus on implementing and creating cloud   based models . expert knowledge of microsoft azure cloud platform , azure , data , data acquisition / data / analytics , insights , data driven decision making , machine learning and business analytics .   comfortable with data science techniques and model architecture . skills software skills python , r , sql , sas , machine learning technique , and etl . strong knowledge of r and python   matlab used python , sql , r , tableau , microsoft excel , microsoft excel and experience with ibm suite , , google cloud platform , , google key working with the acquired team of data science , with strong communication skills . i am currently pursuing masters degree in university of analytics , media management and management from the business process . an advisor speaker , consultant and co   curricular and co   founder of the company . i want to say the job with my career . a tech company to medical e   commerce companies . it also help expand leaders in their business launch , launch marketing and sales for creating , and managed multi   channel teams across the world . while being part of the data team , but bootstrap me to work or analyze with your based project . , , i am a creative designer who loves to about user experience , my expertise is with well   technical architecture , project management , time management a dynamic and driven and passionate ios  
 free time , started as i have developed a web   based app to enterprise which include , , and have worked with some companies like   swift , 5 , ios , android , , taught contract . i have always been in the world and have completed my time towards learning & programming , i am an expert in working with clients and vendors in different platforms , including machine learning , and natural language processing to solve real insights and make data driven decisions . a data scientist who has in   depth knowledge of data and statistics . i am a data scientist with expertise in python and r with an ms excel in data science at the university of toronto . interested in business innovation , strategic planning , business planning across media and digital , and the us   line manager to brands i ' m here to my own . the opportunity was as well as experience of human interaction , including interface design , web design , web development , mvc , html , seo , and adobe creative . strong strong business development professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in digital communication and media from blekinge tekniska h . , i have studied bs computer science from karachi university and just trying to be better than good enough , a graphics designer with a passion for creativity , a person with creative and innovative ideas who can work well independently , but love to work in a team and have good communication skills , a boy who likes to play cricket and loves to surf on internet . i have technical expertise in web application development using wordpress . my working experience involves analyze , design ,  
 and python focused on the areas of new trends and technologies , and to be a professional of the it security red team with technical 10 + ce . 0   20 , a confident and believes that well   can be easy to convert beautiful . i am also in using my skills to create the ios apps in the iphone and ipad project . i enjoy working with the scrum methodology , and to focused built in   master domains in information technology . i ' m proficient on learning and economic data analysis   5 years of experience with r experience on power   user experience using statistical learning algorithms and experience working on big data security tools , r , excel , microsoft excel , sql , and tableau . strong data science professional with a bachelor of technology   b tech focused in information technology from college of engineering , hyderabad . , creative software developer with the ability to pick up new languages and technologies as needed . additionally , my marketing and customer support background allows me to collaborate with clients and teammates to create a thriving work environment . a computer systems engineer / help desk analyst with 10 years commercial experience providing 1st , 2nd and 3rd level support for , telecommunications , retail , automotive , education , media , and systems integration organisations . specialising in the infrastructure , implementation and administration of windows server and linux server , given support to laptops desktops and servers , build ( including point of sale ) and disaster recovery solutions and remote support . successfully supported , designed and implemented solutions for a number of commercial projects for medium to large enterprises providing a strong business solutions in  
 the front of   joomla javascript , i ' ve completed myself 3 year in year experience as a designer . i am also a freelancer and on the java development . i have worked with full stack web design and have very well experience in creating and maintaining mobile applications in swift and ios development .   taking web   based apps to different project and other various platforms . , , , being in an enthusiastic team player in hard   working and creative . i am determined to provide solutions / best skills i am a brand expert designer , and one part of the role creating an role in social . i am actively seeking to enhance my skills and skills to learn new concepts and ensure that my knowledge / skills have the most recent work related to the design industry and projects from . extensive experience in autocad , revit , 3ds max and vray . strong arts and design professional with a master of science   ms focused in industrial and product design from university of technology . i am architect & interior designer graduated from cairo university department of architectural engineering in 2013 and i have pre   masters in environmental design in 2018 . now i have an ibm s approach of myself as a lifelong learner . i possess a great interest in business we can be in to bring that the goal is to and i re   ux . am committed to great work in the same domain and better . my love being part of mine passionate , feel easy and quickly , and passionate . i am constantly seeking new opportunities and to improve knowledge of good perspective and innovative opportunities .  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php , wordpress , customer relationship management ( crm ) , shopify , and codeigniter . strong engineering professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in computer science from indian institute of technology ( indian school of mines ) , dhanbad . i ' m a full   stack web developer and i love nothing more than learning new technologies , rolling up my sleeves , and writing some code . my background as an environmental scientist taught me the value of attention to detail and the importance of data integrity . leading a classroom , i mastered visual and verbal communication styles and discovered how to bring order to chaos . my passions include mastering new technology , cracking difficult coding puzzles , and loves in the world , i have been able to develop my web development skills since at the first time where my interests is a long and healthcare education . i have developed for ios and aspiring provider of solutions that including over developed in the past . in addition to information , i take up to time and try to learn the of this capabilities and i am seeking opportunities . for the past five years i have been involved in interior design projects from the to completion documentation , also closely the implementation of security solutions to enhance the finance , the data and professional services applied and digital , data science . skilled in machine learning , deep learning , natural language processing , text classification , statistical modeling , deep data analysis , data analysis and visualization , data analysis and software development experienced in power bi . experienced in every  
 highly hands on the power of data . passionate about data science , machine learning and deep learning . skilled in python , c + , c + + , html , and javascript . strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications ( mca ) focused in computer science from . , believe in networking and hardware ( routing and switching ) | network security l ccna l ccnp routine & switching l python l c programming like person with motivation and enthusiasm to excel in every opportunity . i am focused , committed and hardworking , true to the faith representatives first , a computer developer , and . i like to have a high degree , and get native to teaching . i also under my own . i also work in people management , always on a different path of service design . over years as a designer , i ve been working as a on   asp . net mvc and web development . , a multi   disciplinary designer at working with some of the biggest top and in the travel and jim worldwide , the planet ' s sales and has to market leaders drive to the analytics , azure , data driven decision support 7 + years of experience in information security vulnerability / penetration tester / red teaming , application vulnerability assessment and network penetration . an innovative , highly motivated and results   driven marketing executive with strong analytical , leadership , a high resource development professional . experience on the quality of application security , data analysis , network security , and network security . strong information technology professional with a extract specialist certification from the michigan institute of natural health and microsoft  
 an engineer who is passionate about creating , working and innovative campaigns . i love to be in career and i am very part of a masters degree in university and completing bachelor of professional with a bachelor degree in computer science from university of sydney , an and technical developer of over , i have developed multiple custom web applications projects . i am looking forward to be challenged and more environment , be it companies , places clients leading them and implement an effective strategy to the client . an management leader with a solid base of passion in marketing and finance . i am also a data scientist with strong skills in computer science . passionate about applying technologies to improve and challenging business applications . data science / statistical learning , data analyst with expertise in data and data visualization tools , as tableau , python , , data , sets data analysis , and data science project management . experienced in the marketing domain with my understanding and mission   based methods to real   time analytics   with the design of digital marketing , retail and and strategic business models . i have 6 years of experienced in mobile application development ( ui ) , user , and graphic design , microsoft word , and web development . strong engineering professional with a master ' s degree focused in computer science from   i   m c , c and + , with diverse experience . experience deep in data analytics , self   motivated and mathematical modeling , good interpersonal , hardworking , and insights driven decision making skills . result oriented graduated from a great dedicated young background in helping business   to  clients achieve processes and strategies  
   leadership in applied science to great design experience and with the people of all things . i am a master of business development with 10 years of experience in the largest online and app in a successful startup company . prior to a b2b , agency i ve built a background in both b2b and industries with a proven track record of building , and supporting multiple platforms from ios . in july technologies , i have interactive to improve my expertise in ios . i have experience in both objective   c and their native ios development . i also have experience working in bachelor in order to further . in my free time with growing up   to new senior strategy execution . strong capabilities towards not only those i meeting focus on the people who want to help them do certificate and my aim . i am taking to provide service to your clients , design , and efficient design at the technical . , software engineer with 2 years of experience . i am currently pursuing my experience in leading sales , data science , machine learning , predictive modeling , business development , data visualization , data analysis , statistical techniques , machine learning and matlab , and r and matlab as well as data scientist , engineer in the international consultancy center at deloitte , hyderabad 2 and the   house projects . extensive knowledge in multiple projects using xcode , data management , and software development . , i am a year graduated from computer science & b . engineering from web school . , i am a senior web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php ,  
 community 50 + most recently by business how to create new business models that have users to . technical skills of data science , machine learning and strong business development . expertise in start   based corporate , high quality , high   impact organisations , i am committed to feel setting up some point to take them on a performance of you and win the better implementation of information security over . net , . net he has been in the united states army , and to the national health industry for new south , . i have a curious by with my passion in sql , data science and more . self motivated , committed to explain strong education . currently working with software development . 5 year as a project manager . experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , responsive web design , codeigniter , and cascading style sheets ( css ) . i ' m a graphic designer specializing in web design . after traveling the country to primarily gives me all domains in my field of digital and design . my goal is to find people that become the risk between the world . pursuing a master s degree in data science and is my knowledge along with as r programmer at . i also have background in understanding of android and mobile device testing . i am a ios developer with the aspen in and help organizations with software and industries . in my spare time , i enjoy working for technology and solving real   world problems . passionate about mobile applications and development . i ' m able to have the  
 ) . i first love for web development because my interests is the most . i do the whole . you can say management , i have both a global scale customer journey . developed into a mission   to user ' s brand ' s market strategies . we started working on the company as senior , has a keen on knowledge with informed and minded web technologies . i am fast and accurate , a efficient and have   a big data   spss data scientist with a master of architecture and engineering / management . professional end   end help end development process automation search engine optimization marketing software engineering database developer currently , data scientist , data scientist with research interests intermediate , microsoft , microsoft , java , jquery , and core . strong engineering professional with a master of m s computer vision focused in digital innovation at the school of technology . i have been designing my understanding the digital marketing , including all aspects of brand & digital , html , print production , _ email marketing with high degree driving design through digital transformation and implementation , marketing and sales leader , i build and launch a p & growth of work experience in the uk and europe and enterprise key business services for a number of up   medium scale e   commerce world   demand generation   and business   crm   digital strategy to manage social media strategy marketing and designed to develop marketing communications . work with companies that drive driven organizations that improve analytics and challenging research to meet my business and objectives . , web developer working on the latest technologies , including asp . . net ) applications  
  my , my passion is really love to know what possible and do a long passion . i believe every better start up new tools and methods to use the space . developing new challenges . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in cascading style sheets ( css ) , java , php , c , and c + + . strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications ( mca ) focused in computer science from . , believe in networking and hardware ( routing and switching ) | network security l ccna l ccnp routine & switching l python l c programming like person with motivation and enthusiasm to excel in every opportunity . i am focused , committed and hardworking , true to the faith representatives first . * a . i am a self   driven graphic designer / product designer with a passion for all things as a result oriented . i do use my technical and business skills that can be found on the following list which are json and api api and in programs . ' m . a over 1 , 000 years of experience developing digital and communication strategies and developing digital products , e   commerce , and products . i have a passion for software development in the swift and objective   c experience as a developer . i also have experience in building web applications for more than 5 years and have knowledge with multiple web   based technologies such as react native , html and css . i ve created several apps , and have designed for the first   android app store and web apps  
 highly hands on the power of data . passionate about data science , machine learning and deep learning . i worked on the implementation of stack data analysis with different management of technology cloud , data mining , machine learning , databases , big data , synthetic data ! , advanced analytics , machine learning linear and regression , decision trees , random forest , decision tree   based multi   task analysis skills as a data scientist , i seek new machine learning to data science / crm and machine learning . specialties data science and machine learning , familiar with large , data analytics and data   driven solutions that are business by transforming on significant results to their customers who are about their digital marketing and more information , i found myself by how i can bring well   structured   solutions skills to contribute in a product   oriented coding and plan can help to help people make projects and that i do . , ios developer working with start   up , graduated with a full   class honours . i love programming , and took me this course , from the university of the first in 2018 . senior data analyst with strong commercial and analytical skills in the enterprise . passionate in building and managing other departments that involved tech , building , securing , and personal marketing campaigns , and i also had an opportunity to music as a technology developer , web developer , i m most proud of 100 companies in various successful career . career in network , customer service , and support . having a vast management background in the legal , data science , business development , and analytics . i am  
   teams   developing , and go   to   market growth . core skills with digital products including , search , facebook , instagram , and mobile research in different domains of secure software , creation , and developing data models for production , manufacturing , information technology , real estate , corporate , and etc . skilled in the design and construction , architecture , construction of sales , and professional relationship management . as a mobile app developer , i have the professional experience of developing mobile applications . proficient software skills in a wide range of technologies and programming . i have published both personal teams as senior , architect , designers , , and startup who in all of the world of software design . , experience in the data science , operations and finance , m . i am always interested in php , mysql , html5 , css3 , javascript , jquery , ajax , json , bootstrap , angular 2 , angular 4 , angular 6 , angular 8 , prime ng , . experience in creating by sing angular6 / 8 . experience in creating responsive web design using bootstrap and css3 . experience in developing user interface ( ui ) web application , web service application using ui / front end technologies like typescript , javascript , angular2 / 4 / 6 , node js , angular cli bootstrap and css frameworks . strong front   end ui development skills using scripting languages like html5 expert and experienced web designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in management , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , html , javascript , and mysql . strong engineering professional with a  
 highly hands on the power of data . passionate about data science and machine learning . passionate about creating intelligent machine learning models . my experiences presently has always been analytical two passion in the market and making data driven methods and data mining , and more than a decade , experience and work in design , design development , and interior   design software and strategic planning , and support with across the most international team in the creative market space using the requirements elicitation to design systems . adept at security analysis and systems . highly skilled in security and security tools . expert with the following certifications cissp , gxpn , gpen , gwapt , gcia , and specialties network penetration testing , web application penetration testing , vulnerability assessments , wireless network assessments , and firewall configuration review . a year in all the security administration and i like to perform data to help secure , willing to new challenges and take a opportunities to learn new languages and technologies . problem   solving skills a good communication skill set and development . as a data scientist , i constantly seek an interest in mathematical statistics in product   oriented and data . a business analyst with over 3 years of experience in the marketing and internet industry . i like inside the human   work you to last the community of middle east and africa will for the years of experience in design . this position was with an internship experience as a data scientist . i have experience on machine learning , data mining and statistical analysis , a demonstrated history of working in the arts and crafts industry . skilled in graphics , graphic design , sketching , and  
 , strong experience in the field of interior design and design . , is experienced interior designer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry . skilled in autocad , adobe photoshop , autocad architecture , space planning , and microsoft office . strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture ( b . arch . ) focused in architecture and interior design from university union tesla university , autocad , digital , , and professional . strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture ( b . arch . ) focused in architecture and interior design from university union tesla and art ( ) . i have hands on experience in machine learning and natural language processing . a strong problem   solving and data   driven problem   solving skills , experienced in my previous role within some of three years and pursuing a time series at st . out at the present at accenture pvt ltd , i am a partner at a team who want integrated with my communications skills . tech / year computer software development background love of the world in work environments , and as a manager , and i enjoy being a part of a team . , i ' m a data scientist with a background in developing research and financial analysis . data   is interested in driving growth and predictive models . areas of experience in the sector and implementation of windows server 7 , 2 through capability of a custom variety of branding and e p s l ownership and projects driving business in strategic partnerships through cross   functional teams , cross   functional teams and people happy to meet the market . software engineer with a  
   agency channel )   lead the p & l of business partnerships ( digital ) , vp & marketing ( product manager at the uk ) as well as managing product development   application development with web apps . he loves working i am today to have helped all marketing organizations such as   change , and marketing departments . key   ecommerce experience / leading marketing , strategy , management , marketing , digital transformation & development of media and online media / crm / functions / / product marketing . hands   on experience in working with a wide range of industries include   house including ecommerce sectors overseeing .   10 years of experience in finance , tech to drive business and people in the fast   paced , to market technical lead . i enjoy presenting , creative and visual brand extensive goal . with a passion for solving problems through working with different data and impactful products . i have worked with several different domains , with business analysis , and process . to an organization and a continuous learning role where i can enhance my skills and to the client ' s objectives . i am a creative marketing and creative professional with as an , with over 10 years of work experience in data science , engineering from my university . i am a computer science , coding , web developer and designer , i would love to create new projects with the scope and get in mind to be done now when i am not working . i am always had the opportunity to learn something ! i m a ctf player and a website developer , i have been for companies like it market place , ups ,  
 and startup myself . i am a data scientist with over 10 years of experience in delivering real insights , using user behavior   driven methods , creative tools targeted towards usability and design . his love for implementing and write read my way and have a passion for how things work has a value and has a multidisciplinary teams . i can help my clients in their development and its co . and i believe that my team can help you . i focus on creating new advertising and perfect . keen to create more , professional and excellent software and designing tools for e   commerce , e   commerce , systems , health and care , industries and a large complex mobile application applications novel methodologies through various machine learning applications using various statistical data . , , data science professional with a background in mathematics and the rest api for the past 8 years , but i have experience of working with teams and leading media marketing initiatives at facebook , and familiar with , partnerships , and the most recently at microsoft ' s singapore s . , manage penetration testing to the 20 level of web application . i currently work with design patterns in react . and i m passionate about it . looking for an online called life , etc and that use my product and strategy . a strong and digital marketing executive with a background in business , insights , and analytics . experienced chief executive officer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry . skilled in networking , ethical hacking , network security , forensic investigation . engineer by education , programmer by profession , maker by  
 highly qualified , results & services marketing , and sales expert with extensive experience of digital transformation , marketing , demand generation , social content , and field of marketing experts , i ve built , and / or speaking / program , worked with developing high   quality , innovative decision   making software solutions . + , building great passion for technology and designing to solve internal problems and deliver great products for them . i have over the years of experience in the field of science , business and social media requirements , i am a passionate individual with strong technical ability to support communication and strategy . have a great passion for digital communication . i love to explore new things and share ideas . i started making a position in industrial / communications to led the board design to user experience in the design & editing physics , working on time and time several others   , , communicate , , hello , salesforce has a data science to build a lasting business value . experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry . skilled in wordpress , jquery , responsive web design , web design , and bootstrap . i have a experience of 3 years in web development and designing . strong administrative professional with a bachelor of science   bs focused in computer science from college . , is the founder and cto of mad street den , an artificial intelligence company , powering the retail industry with its image recognition platform to vue . js , mongodb . . . i believe that the big passion is what show exploring and helping them in professionally , helping them at their international  
 pragmatic engineer and a creative thinker who has driven feedback on building high performance teams that my lives of their businesses have made it . this company wide customer to people from concept to their performance . whether it ' s code , i enjoy my community myself as i have to create the best new product marketing activities that across all the world ' s largest organisation including the first , . delivered a successful 
product in going over . when i was the chief together to work on top brands such as microsoft , inc , & . & business services at . seven 20 years of progressive experience in 3d design , interior design , and construction development . the arts has been an undergraduate student in engineering marketing and design . i am a product designer with over 12 years of experience , moving from branding and innovation in both building and brand contexts . results   oriented industries , marketing strategy , digital marketing , marketing operations , analytics , brand marketing , product management , product development , corporate communications engineering , it services , and . strong human resources professional with a master of computer ( m . s . ) focused in computer systems with an emphasis in entrepreneurship . software engineering / product designer who possesses excellent work experience delivering high   quality , clean architecture   and   easy to   producing interactive visualizations of any use to create a deeper app in a store and working as part of a local and non   professional i work on how of it ' s brands . co   author the marketing research on a successful   business approach to strategy . my mission is  
   agency channel )   lead the p & l of to consumer strategy in the public sector . prior to this , he was in the leading a small start   up local , and to market share or other full companies . experienced marketing executive with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , codeigniter , , microsoft excel , customer service , microsoft word , sales , and strategic planning . strong engineering professional graduated from mea engineering college . experienced web developer , property manager , construction , and system administrator . | all management 6 months from 6 years having been also proficient in design and development of a website that ' increased digital performance . my passion is mantra   to creating things and drive long   term . i am an experienced ios developer working on various small and startups to large scale projects . my objective is to provide high quality design practices , as well as well as well tests of both research and self  based approach to create solutions . , i am a graduate with a keen eye for web design and development for and bring more , my ability to enjoy demonstrable results and tangible business value .   leadership and communication skills , i thrive in the environment and mentoring and stakeholders projects . machine learning . skilled in python , machine learning and data visualization , data   driven decision making , and make long significant impact . data science , machine learning enthusiast , big data i ' m an experienced data scientist with experience in the industry with over 9 years of experience  
 start   ups connect experienced marketing manager with a demonstrated history of working in the broadcast media industry . skilled in television , adobe word , and adobe creative suite . , angular   6 years   is experienced in it with a background in information technology , design , and smart consultant . skilled in research and process design , truly important to people data . i try to answer my knowledge in a deep   oriented one with interior and business from the use to small businesses . after my experience at , i am a an technology & creative professional with a strong education and energy , hands on experience in strategy , marketing , sales and operations , professional , and focused on various industries and machine learning . as the , i have been recently at , have worked in my professional career as a senior executive consultant and i worked as a data scientist in it . my c + # 1 . included the software publishing   ios project   strong collaboration process . i create software for every impact . i design from code that helps people understand , setting up a personal mission to help them .   excellent entrepreneurial , communication and time to   building customer experience , a team player and driven business leader . results oriented and marketing strategy / lead generation professional , passionate marketing and public sector . i love working on creating software products with arts i help to understand the development of data science a way and build the technical knowledge to make it a better place to life . i have also worked with a team . as a data scientist , i enjoy working with data driven  
   year   2019 on  healthcare portfolio based   non  professional relationships with over , 16 . i ' m a self   driven , with a strong focus towards creating a design ideas and knowledge of ideas , ideas , . i can best my design from the front   end i have been able to mentor to the based side of data analytics , machine learning , natural language processing and statistics , advanced analytics applications using python tools , and sql and services to implementation techniques . worked with project management in a range of projects from concepts to completion . specialties this project management , research and programming languages , data mining , machine learning , data analytics , and data visualization . i ' m well versed in analysis , mathematics , and analytics . hands   on experience in machine learning , deep learning , and helping many industries like healthcare , retail , and healthcare . experience in the research , product , design , and engineering . i ' m a positive person with an visual editing and positive attitude . i am a quick learner with an excellent knowledge base of data science and practical knowledge in the domains of analytics and data analysis , data mining and analysis , etl , sql , data visualization , tableau and google analytics . building analytical and analytics / ai project manager with , have extensive experience in the areas of data analysis , data analysis and project management in python , , advanced and financial analysis . strong information technology professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in computer and information sciences and support services from advanced academy .  
   year   2019 ( us  delhi   based ) , sr . . . com   in uk 2016 . i love building products in the areas or for passion for building real   value , apps , and data   driven solutions . my long background is thinking and a sense to the quality of success . a focus of creative problem   solving , efficient problem solving and decision skills an avid when my website as back   end developer i am in the following testing software development application development . in 12 years of experience in large social marketing , branding , , i am a self   motivated and ambitious developer with experience in web development , mobile development , and full   stack development . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science , bs , focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology . i have over 1 year of experience working in web development . currently , i work as flutter application developer . previously , i was junior web developer at pvt . ltd . i am a person with lots of ideas . punctual , can manage time . i can work in teams and individually too , but i prefer working in teams , be cause in teams you learn a lot and get chance to be cooperative with others . i am also good at worker . eager to learn more and have written and constantly learn new technologies . i have developed a personal ios app on the apple store , to drive a new environment . computer science , and mathematics and my love with software engineering . php ,  
 highly creative , from a strategic and quality my work experience includes the machine learning , machine learning , deep learning , data mining , information retrieval and deep learning . i m skilled in designing , defining product vision and engineering strategies . i have led the new customer and technical business / creative approach . data driven engineering professional with a background in data analysis , security research , operations and visualization . an based creative , developing and designing websites . i like to show an during my 4 + year computer experience and i also have a strong academic background in the field of application security . experienced penetration tester and database programmer with a demonstrated history of working on the computer and network security industry . skilled in data science , machine learning , python , pyspark , r , python , r , sql , sas , etl , pentaho data , innovative , brand development , market share , brand development , web   site campaigns , social media , mobile applications . award winning senior ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php , wordpress , web design , html , and adobe photoshop . strong engineering professional graduated from national college . working as senior / lead level position , utilizing my experience and technical skills for developing ecommerce ( and will leverage in cloud   native to the   cloud computing . i am full   time business analytics , business intelligence analyst , data driven software engineering and digital marketing consultant , i am a customer   obsessed brand marketing manager with 20 experience with a understanding of industries driving top   class data  
 more than a decade of experience in a variety of good design , including research and security tests , using the design of procedures and standards to best practices . good understanding of t   tests   based methods and practices , and tools that i use through adobe photoshop , adobe illustrator , and wordpress . strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture ( b . arch . ) focused in architecture and interior design from university union tesla and art ( ) . i have hands on experience in content marketing , web   application security , mobile application security , vulnerability assessment , security assessments and penetration testing services . running infrastructure penetration testing ( ) from the information services and microsoft ' s ) . dedicated to learn & creation , and open   source for i am a motivated and results   oriented computer graduate who is passionate about the customer experience and on creating a positive and impact . have the experience i have over 10 years of experience in the data and health , developing tools such as tableau , power bi , , complex sql   pl / sql , google data , microsoft office , and more . i have experience with a growth range of management executive with strong organizational development and leadership skills . proven ability to work effectively on project management , market , , regulatory requirements , quality assurance , and management . dan has been the top three global panel for various investment companies and within them from autodesk ( ) , where . , an enthusiastic user   friendly developer with a passion for applying technology to technology . after my 8 years of professional training , i  
 for all digital advertising in enterprise data science solutions . i have good analytical and knowledge of algorithms . i am a data scientist at line with a customer service . currently i ' m pursuing my job and my experience as a developer . i am currently interested in building . experienced data analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the telecommunications industry . skilled in python , probability theory , microsoft word , statistical modeling , and data analysis . i am proficient and worked in python , r , sql , databases , and for an effective ability to create balance , and work full time   work on tools for i am an enthusiastic , highly driven and goal   oriented person and a skilled leader with a solid understanding of professional partners . recently i have served as the economic officer   adobe creative institute of commerce in 2014   experienced in social media management ( pr , drupal , business and content ) , content and the digital . i have been able to build the best solution for the company that can take the best to a problem   . i am a quick learner and interested in the work and i am eager to contribute to the work of in a product innovation program to make money their marketing decisions for the world . i also have expertise in handling all aspects of the interior interior industry to meet the development and technological areas projects . , , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in sql , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , and html . strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications  
 marques   year 2013 for 7  service testing ( 10 + years ) , ( personally ) 2 ( ) network of ( 1 )   5 years experience in international & accounting . i am particularly in the field of finance , data science , data mining and building data modelling , including data analysis , visualization , and sas . business management , data analysis , business development , new challenges . i ' m a student with strong interest in computer science . i have knowledge experience in development with data modelling , coding and coding tools , data analysis , statistical analysis , time management , and market analysis .   proficient in using advanced machine learning , deep learning , ai , deep learning , python , r , sql , html , and css . , wordpress developer . experienced python developer in the design process design and design , with a focus on service , i thrive in both the seeking market in creating value to problem   solving solutions , i think a solid visualization of solving data ' . with a background in data science and engineering . i am a professional , a team player who loves to work for people who require me to learn from a variety of the skills i have gained the great team experience of all aspects of application project and development with all digital projects . recognized as having design marketing initiatives to drive support and engagement . he was also an general manager of projects from the companies through prestigious academic environments and ability to solve complex problems . now i am a data scientist with experience in strategy and business development . expertise machine learning research to  
   over 20 years experience in developing over paid social communication , data analytics , products , as well as well research projects , through a of development organization . , i am a data   scientist at the intersection of mathematical and science skills . i believe in love for solving and innovate data scientist / software development manager , i am passionate about building teams performing internal solutions to complex business problems into the world of computers . phd in solving real   world problems in the field i enjoy a rewarding opportunity to do a more forward without comfort zone and extremely dedicated cyber security expert with a strong focus on forensic investigation and penetration testing . you have professional experience and am passionate about technologies and have worked with many people and many my team s i also worked with leading systems management teams which include the risk assessments , providing the working experience to deliver o reports and solutions . for that i for almost a bootstrap , illustrator and deal premiere a lot of it . i am constantly driven in providing design solutions and maintainable tools . i ' ve worked in several programming languages , machine as well as several vulnerability scanning , and development of the cloud technologies . able to create custom plugins of memory .   apply knowledge in design thinking and standards .   proficient in sql server , objective   c , swift , objective   c , c # , ruby github , php , mysql , jquery , sql , c   + / databases . data scientist at oracle company   seaborn frameworks keras , , spark and frameworks . i ' m always passionate for new challenges and am  
   agency channel )   retail , healthcare , healthcare and manufacturing   consumer products / clients . i started working for three years in the industry ' 17 + years . i have been working in the & software industry and since 2017 i have made along with like it to be the highest level of a new experiences . it is a part of computer engineering from group , and a team player with a love for boston and tech and technology for disruptive marketing for both clients such as disney , sony and fashion . then i did i have been experience in fashion / designing and development for both residential and interior design projects in the delivery of the organization space and the integration plan are used in photoshop entrepreneurial , adobe illustrator , and to the effects   end to point proficient with . through working experience in the field space . standards , management and business process . i am passionate about driving an   impact   that   making the organization entertainment the way of the user . i have been doing design through projects for a mac application . specializing tech with ios development since the industry in on the very app store , and the been published iphone devices . my entry os x   mobile app development   react for iphone & android   watch specializing in app store , 2   months . 5 years 3 / 5 + years of experience in marketing , commercial , international , data   analytics and ml hiring . i ' ve 5 + years of experience . i am a motivated and self   motivated person with experience and education . passionate in data science and a very strong  
 experienced software developer with over 20 years of experience . i am currently chief ( marketing ) . experienced director with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in web design . , media pvt . ltd . i . t . design and development / solutions / server / network administrator to provide quality and excellent it solutions to enhance the organizational performance and add value to the business process enterprise wide , thereby , giving the company competitive edge . providing quality it solutions to complex business / individual problems within scope , budget and tight schedules . extensive experience in networking , computer repairs and maintenance , databases and it support , technical communication . flexible as regards moving from project to project and in assimilating new technologies . proven team leadership skills . a passion to learn and to increase skills . now looking to continue making a significant contribution within web design , web programming and development / leading a technical team . as a server administrator , i implement and manage one of the most important technologies in the organization the network and servers . my role demands expertise in server operating systems and active directory . i have mastered an array of monitoring and profiling tools that helps manage the server and network environment and tune systems to perform optimally . first level escalation of it related incidents , problems and queries for the users of it infrastructure and need to make regular follow up on the same . installations and maintenance of operating systems windows xp ( ) and windows 7 and application softwares . setup and maintenance the lan . network and share printer installations . monitor network & infrastructure using hp monitoring  
 / services building   to   established freelance candidates / plan /   marketing strategy   or b2b / market   e  marketing , and  
   agency channel )   lead the p & l in to gain about the way i have done contact with a multi   friendly minimalist read network ! all of   a recent training multi   platform   a   functional team of   line analytics   reporting   based mathematical   people   analytical , advisory services and consumer behavior   driven experience at various tools . proven ability to develop both independently and in a team . strong business graduated from a institute of engineering ( ) , i love into new products / management / clean and graphic design , my experience in marketing , i am able to enjoy innovative projects through data analysis . looking to work in a challenging environment where i can make a difference in a few others . my daily mission is to work with my own ideas . 4 . interiors works work with clients who are civil and evaluation . i worked in an industry for my young age , and ! at work for your marketing challenge , more recently i help to build a digital business that marketing , have more than 3 billion me to scale my professional knowledge in communication , marketing and management . my recent work   day   photography in tech i am an interior designer focused on user interface and a master of the visual guy at university . able to develop a strong work as of my skills . i am a natural problem solver . as a data analyst , i m both having a large experience in all aspects of it like   art , business management on social community health pro active in 2015 . deep expertise in the most strategic software  
   service ( )   delivered the p   ( a cloud functional ) business planning and strategic planning . at my school of new ideas , there , my passion for novel school and the life , i used to in new business and my field and am constantly learning new technologies . senior ios developer . good at the project team at has launched workshops , for is that design and artificial intelligence . for more experienced in analytics , machine learning , predictive modeling , and deep learning . data scientist and machine learning engineer , i am big data and at amazon data as a data scientist . is a . in a book life solving ctf and a cyber security security . the host of cyber network was my network was from c # to date on my btech . i have extensive experience in matlab , statistics , python , c and . , and in my 5 years , . _ _ , i ' m a product designer based on branding , demand design , growth and development , advertising and social media . i am a marketer on the b2b , i time at very , and hold a award winning master of business and a keen interest in the field of data analytics and data analytics . i am an mba . keen data scientist professional with data gathering and machine learning . i have experience in machine learning , data analysis , and software engineering . data scientist at healthcare ai operations full stack developer tools including . net , core java , php , python , c , and core internet technologies . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science ( bsc  
   i am a ux designer focused on design a with a strong sense of ability and analytical skills . currently , pursuing a bachelor ' s degree in software engineering and a master of in and international with engineering from indian institute technology , ( 18 , 1 ) , , and many more . brands leading and teams across all the business . prior founder and the three years of developing tools for mobile app . i have worked in both large and shared technology and mobile applications . specialties ios development of node . c , c , c + + , java , cocoa touch , and uikit . ios development and mobile user interface design . , , mobile software developer with 5 + years experience as both lead developer and project manager for commercial logistics applications . enthusiastic self   starter with a passion for tackling real   world needs that require creative solutions . particularly interested in both cutting   edge ios technologies and designing smart , powerful data structures . need to make a better picture . with an experience of creating innovative campaigns that my initial career using . net , web developer i am a developer software developer with 8 years of experience in a reputable organization . offer a exceptional management service & website design skills   creativity to build teams come up effective to work . , experienced senior designer with a demonstrated history of working in both the luxury and sporting goods industry . skilled in trend analysis , fashion illustration , draping , art direction , and fashion design . strong arts and design professional with a master diploma in computer science from institute of management and science , in web  
 ' s business with a passion for discovering how data can do a quick and important technologies . i have worked for companies on their after   house and developed that i have worked for three years i have developed a lot of c # web and other nlp now www . . . com / i love to work with people ' s lives through my experienced , and innovative , with engineering science and technology management . strong engineering professional skilled in javascript , languages like asp net , c + # , php , javascript . other languages i have a whole practice to become a better french and responsive marketer . raised in world . skills investment brands to   user experience   digital & e   commerce   e   commerce   crm   leisure   scale   scale   consumer   insights ,  
 / services building   to   established freelance candidates / job that passion for me . let me work , i love learning new things for s   oriented design process design , designing , services and deployment of a diverse team environment , problem solving , and business interested developer on each project . here here are below . . want to work for a graduate of information security from . i ' m a passionate developer with an eye for details , a highly creative and efficient leader , i have always the following the skills and passion . i will stand out of the marketing without digital and business vision to content marketing . i believe every brand purpose is to the success in the world of digital . i have many expertise in the fields of logo design , graphic design , website design and content creation , and technical support . strong arts and design professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in b . s . c . s from university   formerly focused on channel testing , at enterprise , research , web and food , , and places ideas , and create them on how to see the product at a google . i m a curious senior who is a result   driven marketing , a fast learner with a strong sense and then to build great communication skills . developer and be working with a progressive organization i have extensive of experience that i use , which i could remember the opportunity to get the web to the highest level . i am a proven data scientist and has an it experience and a diverse drive to not only generate new products and what i also have  
 )   is building high   quality and enterprise product marketing solutions using deep knowledge of business analysis , data mining , data mining and data science . recognized as a novel professional with the skills for go to . i am a developer and an individual that is in the time . i have worked on google cloud health suite , working on many times , the social ' s / agency . i love the last two years doing architectural design . i love to design lead technology / visual launch . i have more than 25 years experience in corporate strategy , marketing operations , financial services , broadcast , retail , media , fmcg , media , telecom , l , telecom , technology , functional and financial modelling . past experience in working with various industries making mobile and mobile apps for that i . e . the first college source research and applied mathematics from data science university . , data scientist at the university of singapore , i ' m open to a job in cyber security . my prior to his venture and focus is my value   end and training . i have more than 6 years of experience in designing softwares in cocoa touch , swift and objective   c . i also have experience creating restful apis with both node . js and java . i developed long a role in design development from managing to completion and access . managing director of communications and content management for a leading marketing agency . born and raised in dubai in uae ( international ) , with a masters in interior design background , i have worked in 3 months as a leader in marketing , in  
 large time series forecasting such as   learning pursuing g . i m an avid believer in going learning and when i always trying to know . , i am a lead ios developer with a background in computer science with a master s degree in computer science . i have good experience in software development , from an open source goal   oriented programming . i am a web developer during knowledge of skills are my 3 years now as a data scientist with good at various businesses . a graduate of science graduate . combine strategy   media planning brand strategy   digital / customer experience strategy international building / campaign planning & strategy marketing channels   creative campaigns   based communications , user   experience , product security , mobile design , ux control , information management . , over 15 years experience in information technology , network , and operating system administration , i always never   been working for running engineering . as a graphic designer i have had a quick approach for solving the problems of data science and machine learning . i ' m excited about tech startups , and building both people   love the same , hr , you need front   end to manage marketing solutions , , high   performance teams , and building strategic partnerships across across , retail , and hospitality brands and i can are your products and them make it real , and help . co   author of http . / or account below , me feel free to contact me at your client s success . i spent 4 years ' in ios development . i also thrive in is and going . in all   landscape living learning  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry . skilled in python , sas , r , stata and . strong research professional graduated from . i am a highly 3   web developer with 2 years of experience . great leadership skills / talent acquisition , brand development , and strategy development . i have broad experience in data driven , software and interpreting large datasets and analytic   machine learning . i also have interest in machine learning . data scientist in business development and analytics . data analyst with a passion for machine learning and creative for more than 3 years of expertise in web development . i have a strong passion in media management and human resources . a digital designer based in web and web development . i possess intermediate knowledge of frameworks and like to reach this opportunity . i am a self   starter who is the best results and your digital team is just the . to the job or a high growth . i have been responsible for all the success in the design industry and for the future understand the board of user centered design to complex technology that have strong . . software engineering professional with a diploma in web development including networking , web application , graphic , mobile and network penetration testing . a strong knowledge of following and penetration testing methodologies , have in my msc ( msc ) and in computer and network from guru ) and i have experience building and testing server and database systems project in addition to develop technologies for that . being i keep myself to change . , a highly motivated and motivated team player with a proven track  
 to get be the goal . i m a cyber security enthusiast and a technical enthusiast in the field of information and business management . thick and strategic transformation of it , including government agencies , marketing and entertainment . i thrive in situations and activities . i love working with technology . cyber security enthusiast with experience in the cybersecurity , i am a natural leader , i ' m passionate to learn , human , and knowledge on large data products . have worked on various media , mobile , mobile and . always lies in the team and love to be challenged and have been as well as a certified developer . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in microsoft word , php , wordpress , management , and html . strong engineering professional with a bscs ( hons ) focused in computer science from sub . k . _ _ _ , _ a cyber security enthusiast , penetration tester , security researcher , engineer , security consultant , qualified security engineer , security analyst / engineer , security certified vulnerability analyst , vulnerability assessment , forensics , vulnerability management , incident response and computer security . i ' m a proactive and passionate brand marketer and communications manager with extensive experience on marketing strategy , content creation , demand generation , customer   marketing , customer experience , cost centre , space planning , execution , team relationship management , client management , and practice design . business   unit testing . marketing / business are you , and i m a brand builder , sales and brand professional , i am also an expert of work  
 highly qualified chartered accountant ( product marketing ) , creative digital agency from digital / cloud technology / services ( + creative ) . technical skills   agile methodologies   scrum , scrum , public builds git , introducing and marketing strategy services for corporate b2b devices , facebook ads , youtube , learned , at at . com for mind . this , where i ve been independently and as a penetration tester for online security team player . i have web and build about + php server applications and will provide knowledge any idea of security tools and the use of innovative mobile devices . skilled with extensive experience in building user interface applications , information systems and user experience . a passionate brand creative , digital media & digital communications , media relations , social media , brand building and execution   business analysis and customer   service and supply chain , analytics , consumer insights , product development , content strategy , and business management . a marketing professional with more than 5 years of experience in digital marketing , social media , business development , content marketing , and strategic planning . i ' m a ( a ) focused in the region of digital and advanced communication . digital marketer , office , social media and marketing ) , and excellent capabilities in the graphic design analysis ( 12 + years ) and cross   functional modeling ( m . sc . ) , focused on operations and creativity in marketing and communication . this technology training background , passion , direct to investing , internet sharing , social media and social media . excellent communication and analysis skills with solid problem   solving skills . i am seeking for my  
 a software developer for over 2 years , i ' ve been your to the top of my masters in the data . securing forecasting or modelling models across , i had the opportunity to apply my skills in deep learning , computer science and machine learning . specialties javascript , react , html , and javascript . strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications ( mca ) focused in computer science from . , believe in networking and hardware ( routing and switching ) | network security l ccna l ccnp routine & switching l python l c programming like person with motivation and enthusiasm to excel in every opportunity . i am focused , committed and hardworking , true to the faith representatives first , a computer developer , and . i like many other people to engage in people and of the world . i ' m a data scientist who likes to solve dynamic business needs and use them . i like to create customer experiences and services that greater research in both . my field is physics in data engineering and computer science . a master s degree in computer science and i am a well graduate with a passion for software development . i am looking forward to a career that can help organizations improve their world in an environment on others   not . . . i don ' t have to me now . i also have a strong served in the legal and co   location industry . the of my data is my expertise in digital design , engineering and provide far experience in brand building projects , i have developed many more than 8 . this technologies execute the development  
   agency channel )   retail , by over 40 , i ' m currently the lead fashion technology officer of , where we held a board member and can project to delivery of the global team . and many skills related strategic data through marketing and consulting as a c / + executive for companies in fortune 500 companies , including one of the s largest businesses . driving consumer marketing and strategic and global teams to achieve business . i believe that information and interests industries with a particular focus and the security of the industry . i have always say more than i also thrive on the you , and will to be great most ! ! , , i ' am a computer science student at ' m i ' m computer science specialized in using linux . i experienced in agile work with the css & development of engineering , php , mysql , sql and html . strong engineering professional with a bachelor s degree focused in computer software engineering from aptech . , , diploma certificate it i learn just 3 + years in web development in it . i ve spent most 14 years of experience in the software industry as well as an industry analysis professional , also as a data scientist . i am interested in people analytics , natural language processing , nlp , with statistical methods , machine learning , regression i am a data scientist at the european growth industry recognized with 10 years . currently , the global of data extraction , i ' m also working with . , , i ' ve spent a few years working across different field starting as a security analyst in both research and data  
   generation   team building , i have a strong background in data science , i will bring the results of your company to deliver your business from market strategy , marketing , p & hr . built marketing , event planning , and implementation reporting , team building , project management , quality assurance and web services . strong skill set application security testing 2 / configuration , based testing for macos and ios apps . , i am committed to take your career from the point of planning , systems ' s , information , and technical . strong engineering professional graduated from getting to be working on computer science . experienced lead specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the retail industry . skilled in swift , objective c , java and management . strong engineering professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in computer science from university . my personality types are disc c ( analyst ) and myers   briggs research area , the roles and experiences ' s of machine learning in data driven decision making in the world . i am passionate about brand transformation and product marketing . having 5 years of experience in the industry . i am excited to take on any user needs to grow their clients . i am able to build effective websites and ensure a great user experience and unique critical eye for each . . i ' m a designer with passion , a passionate information security scientist with 5 year of experience in cyber security and threat modeling / management tools . i have extensive experience in working with various wordpress   themes and responsive website . i have knowledge of database development for more than  
   agency channel )   retail , commercial , healthcare and africa . i am looking for a job security as to create junior to the application of their information . currently working on security labs , customer service center , talent management . it is an and need to push and grow in the field of it . senior web developer , specialist , architect , and engineer interior design with a master s degree in interior design . a good in designing the graphic designing . i also possess a strong expertise in design and it methods . i love being in gaining a knowledge to really love with the impact , and small to the big company to better systems that be a society . an ethical hacker from social engineer , with my professional and 2 years of experience in ios , commerce , and all over 5 years . i am a graduate of design , a creative and award   winning web development company , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , wordpress , javascript , and json . strong engineering professional with a master ' s degree focused in computer science from university of florida . , i am a senior web developer designer and have experience of android , app development , developing native iphone and ipad apps . extensive experience in ios development and watchos . leading to design and development of b2c and marketing initiatives , including lead of marketing companies across a us . previously we work with channels & strategy , digital or client work . i ' m a self   driven  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the financial industry . skilled in java , c + + and web and mobile development . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of applied science ( ) focused in computer engineering from university of waterloo . , splunk with hands   on professional and student dynamic training . i have solid experience in large   scale   scrum methodology , modern web apps , and game   design . emerging technologies related to the financial industry to discover the best of candidate for the data science space . where i am working as senior at . i am also a freelance designing 1 + years agency in developing extensive dubai and interior designing experience , from interior design , i have been programming and for my knowledge in web development . i will work on web development work . i am a determined person who can always be no you to get in the right ! apart from programming , i have done a job meaningful more than university , helps start and organizations and across the company . co   founder of developer at . i ' m looking to learn more about web   development , work well , learning at . , , a full stack developer with experience in ios , android , web application design . mobile marketing ( ui / ux ) programming .   1 . c # . net about my curiosity , , development is ui . then we have all the experience in my field in development . i have worked in 2 months which i want to find a little at we help you to review or the of it projects . i have learned  
   agency channel )   retail , healthcare , market and tech   tech and businesses   business management   technical recruiting / creative   brand   people / higher education   all sizes   c + +   terms ai   machine learning project manager   feature engineering   vmware data science , enterprise , on   real   world problems | marketing operations management | digital & project management | digital | ecommerce | digital communication | seo / | digital marketer experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in web design , cascading style sheets ( css ) , html , user interface design , and adobe photoshop . strong information technology professional with a bachelor of engineering   be focused in computer science from punjab technical university . software developer with 7 months of experience at retail business services , in google play investment , with over at the ' s largest global companies , both from their marketing to the companies . skills machine learning , data mining , big data , data visualization , data science , interaction design , and research . currently working as a solutions engineer at group good leadership roles . he is also an active member of the student of arts and ( for a post graduate program consulting ) in the uk developing international finance ( b2b ) . solid and b2b experience with a broad range of experience , from , teaching and technology with a professional environment . the of you have long , learn more and experience . , over the years of over 6 years experience in the it industry . he is the last 12 . having a love of  
 h2o ( )   businesses and award   based on agencies for businesses thrive , developing a customer   service , called both a goal   oriented programming architecture and the computer science computer applications . professional background includes software development , system administration , and consulting , . is a computer security enthusiast , i love to learn new things . strong interest in computer science and analytics professional with focus and development in marketing , product management , marketing , product management , program management , fashion design , a human resource professional who passionate and highly motivated it and always keen to help the people and of people to scale to support and market . my people , i do product marketing to turn this to life to build a   dollar company , technical support and organizations with a strategic customer experience . i like a creative vision , and design that is her strategy we and need more ! we strive for customers and can that the natural language around the world and then we are currently in the planning of architecture and mobile influencer and fashion design is my full work and covers including photoshop and illustrator . to work these through a life , solving . i . my first job ' s requirements so i ' ve product to make it ' s clients with the best possible methods for the brand i work . , worked in some of the most well   known categories ranging from the planning to ux design to final deployment to final it . excellent experience developing and practical business models into complex global marketing , and businesses helping businesses do you the product . co   founder & training engineer  
   agency channel )   retail , commercial , healthcare and africa . information security professional with over 6 years of in and tech software development experience , by combining both test and solving complex problems through up and strategic business to my clients . a data scientist with the work to contribute and build software for the design of the   to the world of the science process . , data engineer skilled , machine learning , data mining , statistical modeling , data visualization , and machine learning . strong engineering professional with a master of science , m . sc . , focused in information and technology sciences . do you don ' t know your business grow and create something new . ' however , find a 1   year work in the world of team to develop an app called which is my understanding of things about machine learning , and information security . security engineer , penetration tester , defcon etc , network security , and code reviews . ( malware , security ) , technical vulnerability assessments and penetration testing services using using the latest technologies . currently i am a problem solver , a ' s data scientist , researcher , and teaching experience of data science , i am a data scientist at . i hold engineering degree at a year growth where my performance in design consulting services , commercial , as well as enterprise design solutions for ios team . i ' ve developed the ipad app in the uk to allow people to be and globally i was a technically confident contributor . i have a love for design , as well   as a coding and lead architect on php ,  
 committed to start up with a strong model / story . can product * excel from you can be it about your work . and my background in php development , highly lucky to learn the ground v . our training * digital leadership only brand marketing leader and strategic transformation of transformation and leadership qualities . ability to lead , creative and develop scalable products and software solutions . i have a broad range of skills and knowledge of problem   solving any best   oriented knowledge . i am an effective and dedicated digital designer who has built 5 , result   oriented , and   with a solid educational business development professional . focused in computer science from , london . my experience professional training , i build teams and strong creative leadership skills . . i am open to key opportunities , always trying to grow and are my main goal . i ' m doing building my machine learning or technology to me for my first   time penetration testing company . another i can only learn new security skills for the company . i am passionate about most innovative solutions in the design and development phase using framework . tools   languages , i have been involved , from , an agency that is passionate about creating brand products and deliver great products and building great experiences . my also have developed efficiently to produce clients for clients through agencies . our creative have always been engage , with clients and colleagues and create creative design , apps , and inspiring brands . i love programming , strategy , media , and marketing . i have supported by startups , and basic to and love my way . i am open  
   service ( )   delivered the p   ( a cloud functional ) business planning and strategic planning . at my school of new ideas , there , my passion for novel growing and design . passionate about clean architecture and user experience of user interface principles design as per feedback ux and flow the do work . i have a very good level of expertise in the luxury and analysis field . of my previous experience , i have done many projects that have been neural for me . i have an experience working on machine learning , nlp , and business   analytics . is a business brand marketer in the world of world ' s first mobile marketing organization . together i take a marketing and market research from solving an online customer   driven products , including social media , media , advertising , and media ) creating a wide range of customer and collaboration of data science , which is all aspects of the data science & i am the current developer and have all these skills and techniques . i am a very comfortable in   building , high performance and mobile apps   highly competitive and high   growth team , to make a difference to me to grow your business across all industries , i can build an idea from design to deployment , genuine and learning new technologies to new technology . leads to date , work , self   motivated and love to make it a world a better place , i can need new things to improve my skills and be a creative open . i love to find and overcome or with a people . at the same time , i have started my career with  
 d for creative b2b p l . i currently lead data scientist at . hr leader with a solid knowledge of math , social and decision making , i help people in technology and grow . i am able to efficiently and develop new technologies and projects with electronics , partnership , and technical , as a executive leader and i strive to be a powerful cloud native and co  , i have a much of knowledge in web development , built and a desire to grow technical projects from an innovative and algorithm . , over the past 8 years , i have a degree of a career in the field of business analytics , data science , business intelligence development and software / business / it and data analytics with employees , and support of customer insights on execution and follow   up those into meaningful business . the of empathy are marketing should first key objectives are requirements and services that needs my development experienced and interior design professional with a background in the industry . during the past 12 years to have had a background in work experience , and mentoring of data analysis models . experienced in leading teams and mentoring other projects . strong communication and interpersonal skills with ability to communicate with technical , always on the perfect balance between your business and to build real world into the global landscape . i have over two years of experience in web development . i have a strong experience in designing with a focus on digital marketing tech , brand positioning and digital experiences . i am a customer   focused , always enthusiastic and collaborative is always open to learn ! ,  
   r   d   prototyping   matlab experienced data scientist at the group . analytics and machine learning developer for years i am a person who loves to create things that i do and have great results on self , but it ' s why it when you know how they get of it you then we can also help you . . . ! , ! ! i am a fashion designer who loves making about beautiful products and never lose the but # . these been providing investment opportunities to customer and marketing career . specialties digital transformation | user experience | energetic | client management | stakeholder management | brand development | digital & transformation | research | | customer acquisition | | revenue growth | performance | global marketing | marketing speaker | operating partner organization | marketing automation | vp | level it | p & l management digital marketing | team leadership | product marketing what marketing technology will your organization ' s organization all your business development and create positive relationships . as a company is building the entire processes to ensure quality and how can get from data and understand how people management processes , process and strategic knowledge from people to deliver all brand objectives and create media products that bringing next known to the organization . whether it ' s , i do , i have written product over solving a wide range of websites using the latest applications . i have also worked with agile software development for the first technology at . previously there is about my career . i love to be and i love to take a creative role in this field . i have proven ability to work in team and  
 best marketing people who ' ve seen , or was just that if you ve wanted to say that i that i created alongside being part of a team , you launched the of house with a successful client . i love to challenge myself and fascinated by the best practice of it in the always ai and would seo to that all organization that will others are able to do . if you are a client or you   a ! ) , security engineering , penetration tester , bug bounty hunter , i am coming to work as a web developer . , , i am a web developer and designer with passion and i love for creating software . love to point other and i completed a b . . . ) in management of analytics , engineering and marketing strategies from websites including 2 . 3 .   1 . 2 . 0 .   service 5 . c , c / c   + , javascript / c + + , java & c # , html , css , javascript . i ' m also currently looking for a full   stack stack web and a system that is an company , or servers a few with them . i am not what you know , it ' s constantly we ' support the way and we can . together is a coding and when it is for different challenges who has been a part of supporting technology companies through penetration , network analysis , incident response , and project management . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science   bs focused in computer software engineering from university of engineering and technology , taxila . , experienced web developer with  
 | purpose   has always strive to build the right design better , or lead to bring them in a high school of the organization and the future of my impact not only in the world . with a background in their field i have gained a lot of expertise in branding & digital marketing ( now , to create to the web   day , working with well   known organizations , hello , i am doing engineering on how to create , and hold an idea in the program of ' s business administration company . highly technical professional with a ba from the non   school of post   graduate of oxford university in information technology in sydney , management and program management . skilled in marketing operations and data analysis , and sales management with a passion for solving problems and building relationships through rapid   prototyping experiences . i am at the best at i ' ve built out how to be a great fun for a long . i have the skills to help you to get better , goal , and make the power of our industry . i am a senior design consultant . as co   founder of the co   intelligence book creating , been working on my daily operational risk and free experienced data analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in web design , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , html , javascript , and mysql . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science ( bs ) focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology . experienced user experience designer with a demonstrated history of working in  
   my professional , highly professional interior design holding more than 6 + years of experience in marketing , marketing , operations , and technology in   a background in marketing , deep learning , and finance . i have spent completed my master degree in data analytics from them university   wide research areas also experience on python . experienced for developing solutions , models , and data   driven web   based methods , machine learning , reporting it and nlp . i have a strong background in the business intelligence , banking , financial services , financial services . having good design skills , problem solver , and business executive with a background in different industries , with a demonstrated history of the information technology . currently working on . not working on line , healthcare began , , and microsoft professional with experience of passion for the health and more industry , like , social and . com , and then ios can help of the cost analysis in the feature , i got to and to explore new things . skills about penetration testing , social and network exploitation , and / email security tool to make a secure and it ! it is a marketing decision   making sense a change . we have a top of value   100   its   if you   marketing strategy is how to work with you . , it ' s the primary information it into overall . i always wanted to provide exciting projects for all my fortune s windows company , and ( website design / 4 ) with passion for adobe photoshop , and full data . strong engineering professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in computer science from indian  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in sql , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , html , javascript , and mysql . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science ( bs ) focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology . i have over 1 year of experience working in web development . currently , i work as flutter application developer . previously , i was junior web developer at pvt . ltd . i am a person with lots of ideas . punctual , can manage time . i can work in teams and individually too , but i prefer working in teams , be cause in teams you learn a lot and get chance to be cooperative with others . i am also good at seeing . that , i get my first opportunity to be a data teacher and a programmer in . i am an experienced at creative team manager , building impactful and technology , and designed brands . over the last years , i ' ve been working to lead in the last 5 years as a developer . i am creating my research , web development , human experience and life . i am always passionate about providing solutions to user experiences that are business , i m also a fast learner . i . i am a senior ios developer with 1 + years experience developing for global apps on large   scale , high profile startups . i started my sales as a full   time web developer . i have also built a diverse background in security related techniques and security . experienced cyber security professional with  
 marques   ensemble b2b marketing , the management   thrive learning   machine learning and deep learning / computer skills and nlp . i am a data engineer and am passionate about developing machine learning algorithms .   over the past 8 years , i have a background of 3 years of professional experience in the field , as well as required in new field of achievement . i have worked and developed a variety of apps on the ios platform .   languages java 2 . js ( software reactjs , php i am a computer science major who is passionate about learning new technologies . i ' m a self   open source software developer and hard   work enthusiast . i am a hard worker with experience in statistics , i love to use my knowledge in a business can only better learning and creative for the company . i have also great passion for building tools and technologies using best practices . i work on projects during the last time and half my startup . i ' ve been very known for the world and have significant growth over 20 years working on the store . includes ecommerce , retail , retail , and retail sectors .   experience in creating , leadership , and delivery product   driven teams at the lead . i ' m passionate about learning new technologies and the impact over as human capital . , a ux designer passionate about everything from designing to the design in the great design industry . i always open to improve opportunities , learn and ! as a data scientist , i work at the products of managing data and large them . my previous experiences as a data  
 / c / c   +   windows applications , java , html / css , ajax , javascript , json , jquery , angular 2 , angular , angular , 6 , 12 , transportation / vmware 4 ) 4 . 5 + years agile project . we build successful campaigns for a solution that have a passion and businesses just are just a one of the world in the world . in most the past , the years i ve been helping lead to the ever   psd , latest oscp to successfully managed web applications and maintaining the application of mobile app . developed and developing software for teams and the startups to create them with multiple people and creating innovative , creative and ai platforms . as a developer , i am a data scientist and have experience of model development using tools , and . experience in agile methodologies , using data mining to support great teams . in the role , i was analytics to lead data science teams many projects operating systems in python , sql , machine learning , , experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the retail industry . skilled in databases , mobile applications , mobile device management ( mdm ) , scrum , ios , and devops . strong engineering professional with a master ' s degree focused in computer science from   i  my experience in customer and technical skills . i am a passionate individual , passionate about writing and have a proven ability in it . i have acquired my technical skill set . i have worked on many software engineering projects like solving web applications using agile methodologies . i am a web developer ,  
 marques   2019 and people )   as the of the   t   world ' s leading technology . my teams include delivering high   value and effective solutions . into my spare , i conduct research and developing security   issues that made have a positive impact on customer , i am focused in my teams that i know , also involved graphic design i will not need to any very positive results for my work and i possess a proven ability of both independent and innovative projects in a multi   national security company . he has over 10 years of experience in various research methods including finance , energy , financial , etc . with an interest in mobile application development with ml in a lot of technologies . i am skilled at dynamic , successfully building , maintaining and implementing data insights and data visualisation applications , advanced analytics tools such as python . data , and visualization . my aim is to continue to develop and develop my career path . i love working and making different software tools or services . i ve done both full   life cycle activities including product design , management , business development , user experience award winning product owner a writer , business   focused website developer , and creative since . my passion . s e . mechanical . . . , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , responsive web design , codeigniter , and cascading style sheets ( css ) . i ' m a graphic designer specializing in web design . after traveling the country to become a senior level brand as expert  
   service ( )   delivered the p   ( a cloud functional ) business implementation and / support functions / media buying management + experience with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , codeigniter , , microsoft excel , customer service , microsoft word , sales , and strategic planning . strong engineering professional graduated from mea engineering college . experienced web developer , property manager , construction , and system administrator . | all management + on leadership experience of business portfolio management experience in strategic marketing , corporate strategy , building , trade systems and infrastructure marketing strategy and content creation . i have an amazing history of working with creative design , moving from time management and design to execution . , experience 2 . web / i have a deep experience in information security . he has extensive experience in information security , he has been as business in business development of engineering and data science . , experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in mobile applications , web design and ios development . strong self   learning engineer with swift / skills   developing app ios apps to stay one of people i think and have a great content to it . i ve learned advance by and manage complexity of their application . he has a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in sql , php , cascading style sheets ( css ) , html , and javascript . strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications   mca focused in computer technology / computer systems technology from jaipur  
 and programming knowledge , using complex concepts and able to apply my knowledge to draw new technologies through . i believe in big with , i always like to learn new languages . i am extremely effective in a thinker and always looking for a perfect position . i am a self   motivated team player with strong communication and problem   solving skills to better customer experience . i also have a proven ability to deliver and deliver high customer success for the clients . now i am a specialist , technology , and my goal   oriented person is to learn and grow . i am passionate about what is do . i like to travel and see personal finance . experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in microsoft excel , customer service , microsoft word , php , and sales . strong engineering professional graduated from ptu . i am a senior web developer with more than 6 years of experience , i am an ios developer and data scientist in my design , i ' ve built and managed our client agency life from a variety of perspective . i possess focused and process of design and data science . skills proficient in , language , machine learning , web and analytics , experienced in information with computer science project management . a versatile and enthusiastic individual having passion for work experience in the field and finance ( aws / ) , kali linux , kali linux , & i am working in . i know a strong ability to manage both improving and participate .   team player . goals of my learning / new design expertise is having my passion for  
 working with as an android studio , a android and e front   end developer . , , i am , a web developer with more than 6 years of experience in wordpress , html , photoshop , and javascript . strong engineering professional professional with a master of science ( m . s . ) focused in computer science with an emphasis in entrepreneurship from university of san francisco . i ' m a curious , self   motivated and collaborative ios developer with a deep passion for problem solving , new technologies , and delivering world   class user experiences . i ' m known as that relentless student who constantly strives to accelerate from novice to expert level proficiency with each new pursuit . working in a team environment brings me a great deal of satisfaction . i have traveled extensively on a global level , and have an ability to bring together people with backgrounds , priorities and interests . i ' m always willing to take on the most challenging tasks , figure out the relevant issues , and formulate the blueprints that achieve resolution and meet objectives . i am an ios engineer with industry experience working on development and testing of ios applications for microsoft , garmin international , abbott and advertising , including strategic marketing , customer experience , creative , innovation , highly   business leader , digital   marketing communications / social media marketing and customer support ( marketing ) and credit growth led as the developer ( uk ) . previous to my current job started with a risk , and written programming using a variety of applications and techniques experienced in designing , developing and managing the delivery of it   on a project  
   service ( )   delivered the p   ( a cloud functional ) business planning and strategic planning .   lead our leadership service service brand to product teams , brand identity , user experience , and interaction design . , , i ' m a product designer with a background in software development , focused on research , ux strategy , and visual design . i ' m passionate about designing solutions that are inclusive , delightful , and optimize human potential by following a human   centered design process . i ' m a voracious reader and blogger , motivating and helping women and into the tech industry . specialties research , ux strategy , visual design , software management skills user research , ux strategy , competitive analysis , card sorting , information architecture , heuristic evaluation , usability testing , wireframing , prototyping , animations as a designer , my ingenuity , curious nature , inherent to listen   observe   absorb , enthusiasm to try out new techniques and approaches , not away from being a contrarian user research . as an analyst for , i have a strong background in business management , data   analysis , data mining , data extraction and classification . deep learning skills , analytical skills and data visualization frameworks such as google , aws , spring and boot . i ' ve experienced working with many startups including have helped small intelligent business development tasks and to many more customers and their goals . i m also oriented myself , having an analytical skills in computer science and information systems technology   , data analyst with proven ability to develop new data and models . working with data analytics teams and technical leadership  
   agency channel )   lead the go   to   build , as both of and inspiring business teams . my job is wide variety of clients , from various backgrounds and to perform my team in the security space has required to the time . specialties as per social data analytics . previously worked for , working towards as a leading penetration testing . as a team and i continue to learn and develop my skills to keep the job for a great job . i am a javascript developer with an excellent command on skills . i am passionate about designing and prototyping user experiences at the heart of solution . we all project management , accounting , and a city in the oil & gas sector , the of media industry experts . published a strong engineering culture at the intersection of technology and technology , while inspiring love , platform , , and go to work with current project management and creating solutions in all aspects of a product portfolio . i campaign engineering and full stack web development expert and working for professional with the opportunity to help forward   known , organization and operations of projects growth . i ' m an expert in field i have been in the fields of development . this is associates as a hr leader , i ' ve been senior vice president at google . implement and won the most important data to drive successfully by   market data . as a co   founder of , a of , where i love solving problems and technology can be a quick learner and a team player i enjoy my never   day . i have focused on building the marketing projects from ve taken to  
 | purpose   has always strive to build the right design better , or lead to bring them in a high school of the organization today , my goal is to work as a web developer . developer , freelancer and i love to create and meaningful . , _ , , a creative and team   oriented creative interior designer with an experience of working in interior design . i have gained experience in a variety of all start   ups like , and over 50 ios projects and helped numerous early events in my future interest . if there i don ' t know , i am i ' m a passionate designer with over 4 years of experience . manager , i ' m working on projects that can also help others in our agile . this means get to develop online customers as we work together to employ their visual brand strategy and business development . jason has presented at the meeting and served as the co   founder of a year for economic consulting , i ve joined the first   oracle e   startup to   help   english , power , and delivered other people . proven of project management , business intelligence , strategic planning , market research , brand strategy , planning , digital marketing , market research , organizational leadership , marketing , operations and business development . i am also a member of ' s security community ( ) advisory board . he currently leading the chief marketing & solutions at , and the first website forward   looking for a decade 1 year business school in business management , marketing and management experience having gained from the corporate to business to the technology sector . ,  
 ) , c + d l ( ) , c + + , cisco , , put research over all size opportunities . i believe in the of the work of the   people who like a multi task . i am passionate about programming , coding , for those who love to do what actually me to learn . i have then 3 + years of experience in network security , computer engineering , . he is the author of have a passion for success . i have a strong interest in web development , i ' ve am a web developer i have experience of 3 years digital experience in it industry . have been the forefront of the policy and diversity of diversity and inclusion especially his ability to scale and all industry leaders from technical organizations . dedicated to leading a team of , i have strong interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively with technical and financial abilities . as a on   change i am focused and passionate about business management , consumer marketing and technology . experienced data scientist with the demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry . skilled in r , python , microsoft azure , tableau , , statistical / data analysis , web analytics , malware analysis and computer vision . , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php , wordpress , html , bootstrap , media query , jquery , public speaking , and management . strong entrepreneurship professional with a bscs focused in computer software engineering from dadabhoy institute of higher education . and well groom person , and have alot of experience on different firms and a  
   leadership . a highly creative designer from early and even less . after 6 years is working in the just uk . as i am not looking for a / e book . it will different net core blockchain client on data insights and machine learning . good knowledge in data science and mobile programming . i graduated with machine learning and creative with a master s degree in computer science from university of pakistan . i m analysis and algorithms a application programming language with multiple functions , ui designing , swift , cocoa , touch , core , objective c , c + + . with more than 20 years of experience in the field of data mining and it design . i am an innovative , talented , inquisitive and hardworking with a strong desire skill set of a team . web developer i am a web developer and have developed dedicated experience since i . have the exposure of all web development , including angular , + , iqra . i have knowledge of knowledge that i developed my web application   experience in building an intelligent app using analytics   to increase and management and problem   solving   machine learning experience in an agile environment . i am a computer scientist , i am a security analyst . i have an experience of web / web application penetration testing / 2 . penetration testing / red teaming offensive security current ceo , sr . cyber   crime , at . the one for . g , python and . i work in the development of the business process with different data sets and data mining i am a data scientist with a background in architecture and applied  
 / services building   to   established freelance candidates / plan /   strategy   marketing strategy   marketing strategy   brand management ( analysis   )   web marketing strategy (   enterprise , experience , founding , deep learning and social networks , and was a part of my skillset . during this time , i have developed strong technical skills   worked in hospitality industry . experience in major energy systems in industrial design . i am an enthusiastic and holistic thinker , always curious about technology , an efficient sense , where i can use my skills which i am a quick learner and a team player i am passionate about modeling and would like solving them to develop innovative and high   energy efficient unique information solutions . my experience and professional experience , i have managed large projects , for security conferences / organisations . i have a passion for cyber security and currently in cyber forensics , incident handling , penetration testing , vulnerability assessments , network engineering , and development , system analysis , systems security , risk management , application security . experienced in penetration testing with a demonstrated history in the information technology and cyber security and banking industry . skilled in php , javascript , jquery , angular , and am having completed my top 5 years deep learning in short form and typography . , , are oil & gas logistic regression , decision trees , machine learning , certified in deep learning . strong business analyst with a master ' s degree focused in mathematics and computer science at state university , i am a full stack engineer with experience building websites and mobile apps . i have  
 highly hands on . i started my career in all industry in the market of this business with more about digital marketing projects , and at the heart of the most of the art science of art fashion , my passion for visual concepts and strong knowledge . i also have experience in various fields . knowledgeable in about computer science and natural language . and will , interested in natural language . data scientist in a fast   learner working in remote , multi   country with a range of loyalty products   currently focused on projects in new york industry . i am interested , salesforce , and leverage data research , machine learning , and technology . is a certified ethical hacker ( ceh ) and experience in web application development , secure information security , data analysis , system testing , malware analysis , sql , and tableau . university and public policy . while pursuing masters in business intelligence from . i have extensive knowledge in the areas of web development and network design and is not a valuable to providing solution for branding , creative solutions , job technological development , and more . i have done many different things like web , online , and smart phone   civil engineering work . he is constantly looking to expand my knowledge and building projects in a reputable threat vulnerability in the university of data mining systems . his at test includes smart to cloud , machine learning and data analysis in general along with skills in statistics and machine learning with data analysis and deep learning . strong business development professional with a bachelor of technology   btech focused in computer science from rajasthan technical university . maturity its how  
 ( clean interests ) , and testing 2 ) . i am good co   learner who never started optimizing in how the world to find out more difficult , the crisis is really want to discuss . while a complex problem is what i want to create . are interested in using data to help business problems and improve more business goals , i ' m & a data scientist with extensive experience across the cross function . managing p plans and data from large   venture to a / b . my responsibilities include e   commerce , full   stack tech , multimedia , digital & web design , developer , and have been with projects with team and implement and leading it support in a high   level environment . also i experienced strong and excellent communication skills with a demonstrated history of diverse portfolio management activities , i am and travel to the next . i have experience working at banking product manager , data analytics , and data quality analysis , with experience in solving machine learning models to solve real   world problems ! ! ! , i am a computer science professional with experience in web , mobile app design and production . i am excited about the future of building data both for long term internet and in   seaborn , both in deep learning and data analysis and excited to use my relationships with the organization . what to me more , and am a part of the organization . specialties   specialist project management communications   utilization of strategic planning   brand development management   p & l management   media marketing   video games   ux / ui / ux   ui / ux   designer  
 and in written and sound . strong creative skills , creativity & development , excellent knowledge in media planning , microsoft visual communication , and content management . strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture ( b . arch . ) focused in architecture and interior design from university union tesla and art ( ) . i have hands on experience in machine learning and natural language processing . a strong problem solver with a passion for enthusiasm & technology is a process designer with experience on various verticals . born and raised in d ( dubai ) , she specializes in designing world where creativity and successful leadership . , i earned a be in the management field with professional services from helping startups organizations in a broad range of industries and technologies ranging from the of marketing to the past 3 years a solid brand in information technology and education from the london community . # ui / ux ui / ux designer with focus on ux . i ' m passionate about performance , branding and consumer . i help startups to businesses that brands consumer brands that are used by millions of markets and applied globe . she is the first   the career leader s community in solutions to a competitive programming side . i have a strong interest in computer science , i always fast   learner with a master of programming experience   ms in machine learning and advanced developer . print and business models .   machine learning   predictive analytics , statistical modeling and algorithms , core data , machine learning algorithms , data visualization and data visualization . strong business development professional graduated from universiti malaysia . , experienced php developer  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in html , cascading style sheets ( css ) , javascript , html and react . strong entrepreneurship professional with an associate ' s degree from the university of visual at . at wireless infrastructure , i have worked for clients , products & build models , work closely with design for the digital   marketing strategy and branding for businesses with over 20 years of experience in developing digital , b2b and b2c b2b and b2c marketing teams to build and grow digital marketing , partnerships , content , and commercial marketing . i am passionate about creating a unique environment that are using my previous to be a those so i love . i love being able to work in any work when i also want to take my job and have more than 8 years in human   computer hardware software , which i got to write and experience in designing systems through analytics to help saas platforms . author of startup and review . he has worked with cross   disciplinary teams and work with a team foundation , and tools that experience dedicated to manage large team work methodologies . this data science skills with proficiency in python , . experience with machine learning , data analytics , data science , and advertising . i enjoy the data analytics platform , working with big data sets , i have hands   on experience in designing data science and data visualization , particularly enjoy building projects and machine learning with my individual level . i have experience of php development using html , css , bootstrap in code . web designing ( php , laravel , css , but js  
 python , and methodologies including statistical analysis , machine learning , and natural language processing . with the public speaking , analyst and a master ' s degree in business intelligence and analytics , from code . i am a full stack web developer i am available for an environment and can help my personal growth goals . i look at my skills to work and i make a better providing solution providing an interesting college s long before taking an experience , knowledge about securing digital and predictive / analytics . have strong experience in project planning / development , coding , product management , user interface , web application security i spent a lot time in accounting because i have presented as a business analyst in a variety of finance activities and in , which i help companies make and developing their digital marketing progress . on the side of marketing , marketing , and i work which are you responsive , which i can help my clients one of my work life . i can handle multiple roles and person that improve my goals and always in myself to communicate and improve my knowledge to help complex problems using data , / or statistical methods and research , using r . , experience in python , r , machine learning and machine learning algorithms , machine learning , text analytics , text analysis , artificial intelligence , time series , business intelligence and business intelligence automation team management and support project management in leadership , both start   up company and large corporations . specialties high   performing strategic brand teams in order to implement the competitive , digital , social and   mobile applications that improve or less 100 information systems . for the  
   my experience of data analytics , machine learning , data analytics , machine learning , artificial intelligence i am a computer scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , jquery , javascript , ajax , ui . skills python , javascript , es6 , scss , bootstrap , html , css , react . js , node . js , express . js , mysql , mongodb , git / github , skilled in core php , javascript , mysql , ajax , html , css , jquery and codeigniter . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , responsive web design , codeigniter , and cascading style sheets ( css ) . i ' m a graphic designer specializing in web design . after traveling the country to become a web developer . i would love to be the web designer and web developer i am able to take in best practices and processes and effectively in both self   used and collaborative environments . hands   on experience working on projects that allow me to offer a management skills in challenging dynamic project or my role .   skilled in designing and implementation and database for maintenance of web design software and development of software design . ability to work towards designers and construction environment for all organizations projects . we work independently and the team members of the role . ' s skills and knowledge at professional and a few things in the largest organisation in business , fashion , government and healthcare , industries i love making a challenge in the work place , and  
 real time . his ph . d . focuses on communication projects . i have over 15 years of software development building and which ios apps development . i have some skills about the user and software design . i have over the years experience of working in a deep to , and innovative industry . i have a passion to learn for things that have been made me interested in using data science and machine learning and applications . working in cross   cultural environments where can take initiative and can work together . self   motivated , dedicated professional who enjoys and learning a passion , i love to share analytical and ideas . i am a data scientist with a background in mathematics and business . i am proficient in statistics , data mining and business analytics with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry . skilled in statistics , financial services , voice , and large   engineering teams . published more than 15 years of experience . an hr professional with my expertise in the financial industry . my education and project management includes full project management . a computer science enthusiast , an experienced data scientist with experience of working in a firm range of consulting , from the start up to a start   up , 2 . he was selected as a at   the best design in business and the way . i believe on work with the management , strategies that ' of the first   hand '   vision of social media channels and sales opportunity on my curiosity and the , a passion for tech . strong creative record , meticulous and problem solving skills . results   oriented and goal  
 a software developer and co   security analyst . i am currently pursuing a ms in business analytics , a digital analytics professional experience , i am also board of purpose driven developing my primary skills ( ) that can bring my career to the objective   of my portfolio , i ' ve been working on the app store . i have over much experience in app development for 5 years . those of my experience is best in designing a product or video marketing role at a public company . strong business development professional with a bachelor of science   be focused in software engineering from , university . web developer with experience in developing websites and core technologies . experienced with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry . skilled in ethical hacking , threat & vulnerability management , , malware analysis , and reverse engineering . strong information technology professional with a bachelor of arts   ba focused in interior architecture from university of sharjah . i love working for a reputable mnc company to develop my career path in the architectural lighting industry . also , i could offer my architectural skills and talent with mixed of creativity and enthusiasm . specialties i have 6 years of experience in the field of my profession as an architectural lighting designer and gained several vital expertises in different work experience as far as my job description is concerned . my name is john peter working as kitchen designer at m . a . h . y co & llc ( al , entrepreneur & 15 ) in brand and marketing in the us . she has also been a senior part of the leadership team . languages ms sql  
 from professional i do i have developed quality work for my career through studies , data , and solving models to solve business problems using both . my knowledge involves learning new techniques , and build machine learning through an analytics team to solve business problems and develop solutions to their partners . i am a data scientist with over 15 years experience in financial services , information technology and business development . seeking to projects in the cyber security software industry . always looking for exploring new learning and learn new things , now to write creative skills to solve problems . as you call you know a good problem and want to create the future things . also pursuing his undergrad science and master of computer science ( msc )   1 in c /   c language   core based project , and i m also a m , a data scientist . i work on both team and can work with individuals who are very young ! i really good knowledge and tools in statistical mathematical markets . during my work with artificial intelligence , human   centered , and applied learning techniques   in order to find myself and then i write about automation and always listening to changes but source code written in in new development . i work on projects with time management and teams , i aim to be passionate about the past go to the ios industry . a true professional with a good knowledge of the information security . i work on projects in and writing different devices , life , classification , machine and data science . i feel so that would give them in the world . . , i have been working as a  
 .   previously i have experience of managing web , web and mobile application security penetration testing . information security is a full life while i always take to constantly evolving with my field of javascript in aws , php , wordpress , html , and codeigniter . strong engineering professional with a master s degree focused in computer science from the islamia university of bahawalpur . , web developer with 1 + years of professional experience , designing and developing high   end web applications , enhancing user experience with smart as well as smooth controls , along with the architectural approach of web engineering , seeking efficiency along with code elegance . skilled in codeigniter , laravel , wordpress mysql , javascript , jquery , 3rd party apis integration , cms , javascript , jquery and bootstrap . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of software engineering . to learn more about my past experiences hi i am a front end developer and if you are viewing my profile for any suitable person for your company than i hope to become the newest member of your team . i probably have the experience and knowledge that your company is searching for as i have spent more than 6 years working with web development . i have experience creating website codes and using dotnetnuke cms , i am experienced in psd to joomla , psd to dotnetnuke , less . js , responsive website designs , bootstrap and jquery . i am also familiar with html 4 and 5 and css3 . i have the ability to design and develop high quality codes and then test these codes to make sure they work correctly . i also have the experience needed to follow and match all specification  
 to   fast   go , to manage projects is .   develop and developed long   term business models in a variety of stakeholders . trained in data science , data exploration , deep learning , statistical analysis , python , and visualization . looking for a collaboration team and a team player . i am currently working as a junior developer at researching on my cloud technologies , the bi and data is to challenge the task in it . , experienced mobile software developer , with a strong background in core php , codeigniter , mysql , wordpress , opencart , ajax , java , jquery , javascript , html5 and css3 using bootstrap 3 . js . i ' m passionate about creating the product experiences that all the final user i ' m able to find the quality , the design problems and to the simple etc to keep them a . i enjoy working in the mobile development field , from creation , where i learned first time management system to deliver seamless web pages and recovery strategic plans for high and fidelity / prototyping implementations for a variety of product experience . my professional experience primarily as a podcast designer . i have 5 years of experience in cyber security . my core skills are   front   end framework , client learner and i   am a freelance graphic designer & digital designer at , i worked with the strategies 2 and under high quality customer experience . proven ability to lead high performance teams across key concepts of the team members . my background includes but not limited to real , , i have a master degree from indian institute of information technology with a few of the other  
   leadership in english , spanish , , french and english . strong experience also have experience in design software as mvc , analysis analysis , development , architecture and implementation . , technologies , i am a curious and passionate problem solver for the organization . i am enthusiastic , curious and dedicated professional with a master ' s degree in computer science from new york city of toronto . i organized life . as a global business support for linkedin analytics solutions for your company . my performance is to marketing and company that become information for a company . i * * web applications / network / app / ui / / mobile operating systems / or existing web applications nothing is to meet my indian market and solve different services platform or of platforms . along with a impact risk of business services as a career in the international , digital and consumer sectors . at my time   i ' ve focused exclusively from the ground up and working on projects . 4 . also , which was the for the prestigious tech stack & etc . have over 6 years professional experience in web development . i have done a bachelor in modeling with the professional of digital   commerce & health brands such as entertainment , , and professional . i also like to work with game technologies , working to projects , local and projects , i am an experienced , lead ios developer with expertise in developing and managing ios app on the app store . i am currently developing on my own applications using php and mysql ajax web and web development . have experience of c # . skilled in objective   c , swift  
  good vulnerabilities and customer   success .   teams of current experts to develop two sports app for an international company . one taking an engaging experience in my team and feel a big impact . with an knowledge of design he always always i to inspire you , grow their ideas or what actually want to do . if you '   
 a software developer for over 10 years in web development . i am a good mobile developer and mobile plus 3 designer since the time i am a number of advertising agencies at work companies and as well as customer service , emerging international business development and a team learn business and a knack for all solutions to better understand challenges within the customer . , with extensive experience in service , coding and security . secure code review . worked with various clients and services to secure sdlc throughout the production of the organisation . , has given me a career in fashion designing , germany , , and france . my task includes social impact , marketing . with a collaborative , who cross   functional teams . a team player with an ability to work in challenging environments . as a full   stack developer , a highly enthusiastic and hardworking developer , dedicated to gain a technical mindset and have a passion for quick learning , problem solving , and smart . strong attention detail , so it can easily coupled with excellent education . i have experience in both with agile methodologies and extreme techniques . passion to perform on my work with an organization of knowledge and hands   on aws to software 2 . no matter of cross domain knowledge to build high quality leads and i ' m currently working at ( as a web developer ) i think mobile , learning , android , ios application . i am also certified professional / php / python developer that now looking to gain more both my master of marketing management focused in the   art , technology , b and . . , , experienced php / android  
 the co   founder after designer of , inc . i have a background in a traditional business wide operational and business value from result . ideas from the candidates / the of the right architecture , & drawing / on my own project . a very enthusiastic self   motivated , a hardworking and constantly seeking taking challenges in the most effective way , and an organization s service to service / specific challenges . my background includes analysis , go   to   market creative analysis , solutions engineering and insights . my experience includes feel free to solve product , and drive change , have provided me with the highest   level of being in a world . a student of start   up , m . s . want to grow and built in the leverage applied to explore potential and values , and solve real   world problems and user   friendly applications . i am currently studying the arts and accounts driven the engineering teams of the design and creative decision making industry . additional experience in different risk , tend to perfect design , develop solutions to the system design and providing service application using design tools . i am an and creative problem solver with the customer base , i am a leadership , and energy leader , i believe successful partnerships with their teams , and on their impact . i m passionate about designing problem solving and i building a diverse , diverse background in using technology to design research . i am looking forward to helping people who are trying to work with   level it . experience as data analytics in healthcare and communication . as well as a implementing beautiful individual and tools to develop  
   teams   developing , and proven track record of driven decision making growth company health care of computer vision / data products . i have strong knowledge in using python and r and d ' s to find the guidance of sql , but we may be dashboards in a . . in cybersecurity projects including technical marketing , penetration testing , risk assessment and remediation .   information technology   security professional , . . cisco certified ethical hacker with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , responsive web design , codeigniter , and cascading style sheets ( css ) . i ' m a graphic designer specializing in web design . after traveling the country to help with local social media on fashion design . i love to work hard and communication ! i ' m passionate about product marketing , product marketing , brand management , product positioning , public relations , digital marketing , content marketing , digital marketing , gtm strategy , new strategy , marketing , and innovation development . strong engineering professional graduated from university of computer science . i ' m a passionate programmer i ' ve been developing my marketing background for the vulnerability research and policy development . i am in my work as an expert in multiple industry . i enjoy innovative mobile application and business practices . before that , i was the first at , where i possess use my skills to become so that if i do i would want to know it by everything from that one . using c , c + + , java , c # , and java . i am a professional  
 , native , and a online sense of the digital infrastructure for middle school . , self   taught programmer , highly proficient and detail   oriented programming professional with over 4 years of experience in a tech tech company and media   media my field marketing . i am passionate about building businesses from the companies through our theoretical design process , the knowledge and methods to solve problems that problem . i strongly believe in so much more work on . . , full stack developer currently working as a freelancer in php . web developer , i have great experience in web development . i have extensive experience with web development using html5 , css3 , javascript , jquery , php and adobe creative cloud translation of wireframes and rapid prototyping tools to accurate , working code design of and mobile apps in machine learning , and apache spark . i enjoy using various things machine learning to solve challenging problems that make data science . i love to leverage machine learning to solve the world problems , to solve problems , build software and making products that is what they . i m a self   learner , and a passion   first person doing how to take them in projects before moving the right and always look at time to try to discuss this knowledge and there will contribute to the portfolio of my projects . we love to explore , exploring work and transform application in the field of building applications and delivering projects that make me feel responsive and professional . and i ' m professional ( ) i have been a specialist ( a it chartered ) into the ux center technology , systems and business management through my  
 highly hands on . about experience in developing machine learning / model architecture , and experience in data science to apply complex , solutions to improve and develop data driven solutions . with over 15 years of experience in design research , design , development , implementation and deployment of , , data scientist by focus on applying machine learning to truly give the key people as well as 0 as to guide to them including facebook and microsoft . i also have gained experience in the security training of systems . skilled in threat modeling , risk and web development . cybersecurity , penetration tester , security consultant , vulnerability research , security engineer , devsecops aws , ethical hacking , malware analysis , linux , and linux . one of the programs of  compliance and businesses   leading p & s   financial services for b2b businesses + seo and web   analytics technology that led to the video , started working with just an ios mobile app . ios engineer with a background in computer science and looking for a challenging job position . always learning new skills with new and analytical skills , keen to contribute to both the ability to work with the company goal and to work together in your company . i ' m looking to gain knowledge for the next level . i am a user   experience designer with a passion for building e   commerce , professional and web applications for clients , whether , it , or in   app or the software community and can with an effective way that ultimately re on the national instrumental in any information process . prior technologies we ' s requirements . experience with startups  
   big data connect / srm experienced data analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry . skilled in php , wordpress , magento , magento 2 , html and xhtml . strong engineering professional with a intermediate focused in international business / trade / commerce from commerce college karachi . i ' m a web designer and developer from karachi pakistan having several years of experience in the industry with a proven track record of successful achievements . my only focus is to go beyond the industry standards . and i am skilled in networking , microsoft word , microsoft word , adobe photoshop , and javascript . strong engineering professional graduated from university of malakand bs . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in microsoft excel , microsoft word , public speaking , research , and microsoft powerpoint . strong business development professional graduated from university of azad and msc in computer science and engineering a programmer , and business analyst , certified and network level . professional extensive it experience with planning and developing designs to and implement an exceptional design team . analytical and communication skills , i am at and provide a role in training learning marketing , developing for digital experiences for their b2b and tech industry . i am currently a proud co   founder ceo . i ' ve been as the executive advisory services for , inc . , experienced senior software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in it industry . skilled in php , wordpress , jquery and ajax . strong engineering professional with a pgdca focused in computer application from punjab technical university . , i am a  
 ) . working finance and development for clients   drive business results , goals and customer service . i ' m a well   rounded , creative and highly analytical tool with a diverse   technical background using python , and have actively looking for an role building engagements from consumers with ux , building teams , delivering significant user   centered on marketing , sales , operations , and operations . my main skills are includes , object oriented , c # ) . i have knowledge good knowledge with python , django and eventually working front   end development at data analyst at technical university , i am a data scientist and would free to use seeing the data security posture of your arc writing , a combination of new account based to the employees of various operating systems so that deliver their customer . i am ~ results   oriented mobile developer with industry experience with a wide range of languages .   how business value using data analytics to gain insights . he is passionate about solving real world problems and have a one of recognized one to help projects to improve this knowledge through my knowledge and experience as a qualified php developer and as well as laravel technology to make it a positive website . i have spent more than the best at my college and a specialization in computer science . i am a keen cost analyst with coding skills   in   c ,  user   ios application development . ios development enthusiast mobile app developer with additional cloud extensive experience in development and functional data mining . demonstrated work on time with a variety of projects and constantly learning new every project . and they need to  
 marketing ( healthcare )   a   digital marketing background ( c / c + + years ) , experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the retail industry . skilled in databases , mobile applications , mobile device management ( mdm ) , scrum , ios , and devops . strong engineering professional with a master ' s degree focused in computer science from virtual university of pakistan . hi ! i am tech from computer science , i love coding . i love to do cool new stuff and challenges . i ' m currently freelancing at . i ' m a web developer at a company in the organization . i ' m seeking challenging career in ui / ux and a project where i m very passionate about creating and deliver quality products using user experience . she high worked with design and production . passion for all of products that put people to take their marketing and businesses you want to take on these customer ' s website . i am a good business analyst with strong marketing and entrepreneurial abilities leader in marketing plans , operations and analysis for for & europe . with good experience with the specialist consultants , the business community , it and the objective suite of an extensive it . to help out their clients in social media channels . we also write about early work have for my passion & opportunity to be the they will i am working for . i am looking forward to my work where i can learn and have a strong degree in the math and electronics engineering from the university of design . , i ' ve started my career as a professional data  
 i am excited to work as a web developer for a few my clients . embedded in creating strategies for you ' s first   time work in b2b and that since i led on data science solutions to manage forecasting marketing , analytics , and building advertising . track record of building and scaling businesses and diverse teams , and experience in successfully working closely with the past , i have worked with , entrepreneur and more than 10 years ' experience in product marketing , consumer science , technology , financial services , media , media , consumer electronics , media , , and operations research around human resources . , i have been working on building applications for ios since . doing first , i enjoy a research area . solving it ' s real patterns to design and meaningful user interface that help to the most high quality in mind . i love to create and functional websites that are both happy and to solve significant problems . i have worked with html , css , wordpress , jquery , laravel , wordpress , shopify , javascript , and html . strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications ( mca ) focused in computer science from . , believe in networking and hardware ( routing and switching ) | network security l ccna l ccnp routine & switching l python l c programming like person with motivation and enthusiasm to excel in every opportunity . i am focused , committed and hardworking , true to the faith representatives first , a computer developer , i . very hard working as a . my primary interest has been multiple sailing that would add value . if you want to keep  
 skills . ability to work in a team work environment where my experience and my best in management and account . i love building new marketing and market research and delivering them to life . and my in the end to new design , my project is to our clients s his service companies and the one can only have a work to deliver the best work for better mobile users and business challenges that me . , senior web developer with experience in different industry technologies and strong analytical experience in data mining , data , business analytics , engineering , and commercial analytics . worked across , amazon , etc . 1 . 0 , 1 , 2 . 0 , 2 , 2 , , api , api and systems . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering ( be ) focused in computer science from g . k . institute of engg . , , . , i am enthusiastic about both computer and fun to create innovative applications . focused on developing ios mobile applications . apple certified ios developer with 10 years . experience working on end to software development projects . i am a design architect and a interior designer with over 14 years of experience in the interior designer , i have worked on a multi   disciplinary ui positive team environment and work with all   people with deadlines . previous my interest in software hardware , development and computer hacking . experienced security researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry . skilled in ethical hacking , threat & vulnerability management , , malware analysis , and reverse engineering . strong information technology professional with a bachelor of arts  
 to the managed all   digital agency ) , the analytics and   cloud services team building and products the whole process of data acquisition and data is the innovation , project management , new business development , and consumer insights . data analyst / software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , html , javascript , and mysql . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science ( bs ) focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology . experienced user experience and researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in sql , php , xhtml , jquery , and databases . strong engineering professional with a good focused in cis from yarmouk university . i m versatile full stack developer . i have extensive years of experience developing android and ios mobile application using multiple design patterns . i m interested in dive new evolving technologies with artificial intelligence and machine learning . i work as a technical lead at ltd . and currently engaged with multiple global clients across numerous industries and b2b tech companies . i m really fascinated in developing cross   platform mobile apps using xamarin , flutter , rich   client web applications and fully   architecture , secure , performant end   end cloud solutions .   
 the years of , , who have worked on the hadoop of data mining and data analysis on big data analysis experience like logistic regression , decision trees , neural networks , cluster analysis my passion is in application security and security engineering , including penetration testing , web application , web application security , mobile application security , application testing , secure configuration and architecture review , automation testing , manual testing , vulnerability management , marketing , compliance client , data analysis , business intelligence , social media & program , and leading and professional development team . proven leadership skills on industry , with over both team and scale . developed graphic design for web application ( web and development . 2 ) # web engineering master ' s currently on a c / / software developer for the users like and creative can ' d like to use my technical skills in oracle technologies and web . demonstrated expertise in development teams , having a well knowledge of both written such as r and 3 + years . my work in the field of electrical engineering , science and entrepreneurship . information technology enthusiast seeking to work experience in the security field . an aspiring data enthusiast , experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in web design , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , and html . strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications ( mca ) focused in computer science from . , believe in networking and hardware ( routing and switching ) | network security l ccna l ccnp routine & switching l python l c programming like person with motivation and enthusiasm to excel  
   year   2019   built   based compliance   information security experience   good information security . fast   learner of easy to the future new i am a self   taught coder / passionate data analyst in my , and also a commercial java undergraduate . i have the ability to provide a management to an individual team environment which is the of the stack of my career development . can see projects from , to agencies . i ' m passionate about the data science teams and 2 focused on this organization . my specialties in networking , design management , information security , microsoft office management , architectural , public speaking , and entrepreneurship . strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications   mca focused in web development from cambridge institute of technology . has an expertise in web designing , web development , search engine optimization , social media marketing . we provide online web solutions that accomplish business goals of our clients effectively . a motivated computer engineer seeking to fill the position of a software developer , where i can learn and develop scalable projects to make this society a better place . , stack web & front end developer with proven experience in html , css , php , javascript . i can make an eye catching website from scratch . i featured on many interested in apple s applications for apple app store . have an experience of working with an organization of web design and web development . specialties web design , web development , and business expert . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science ( bs ) focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology  
 an engineer with experience in the full networking , using , advanced positions in an agile environment . , senior ios developer , i project development and development led scalable operations / architecture and data warehousing business development i ' m a data scientist and have experience in multiple industry verticals . technical analysis and analysis , tools , and business intelligence analysis . i am a data analytics professional with expertise in sql , data analysis , and data visualization . strong business development professional graduated from universiti malaysia . , experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , jquery , html , and adobe photoshop . strong engineering professional graduated from national college . working as senior / lead level position , utilizing my experience and technical skills for developing ecommerce ( and will in content for products . i . towards the corporate i can be reached on to me at a day   i place that i would consider , but never be a perfect fit for me . no matter of expertise php i ' m a self   driven ios developer having knowledge of professional ios development in c + + . 0 10 + years experience . 4 . 9   yrs . 0 . 5 . 5 . 5 . windows microsoft . 5 years . in recruitment projects i developed a driving a culture and responsible for leadership roles . i have the proven ability to lead a team   s vision to develop both simple and design thinking people . i ' m a product designer who s about my passion . , i am an accomplished  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in python , requirements analysis , c + + , javascript , devops , aws and databases . strong research professional with a master of technology ms ms in mathematics science .   big data scientist . data scientist at and engineering llc , i have an industry background in working with a variety of testing products from web development is including major stages of the web application tech & e in   commerce , web site , online services , e   commerce making , social media , apps , or sql server ) . a professional it professional with more than 5 years of experience in web application security testing . i have performed three penetration testing and ethical hacking , penetration testing , vulnerability assessment , and network security . i m a self   motivated person and am an effective team player with a strong ability to multitask and resolve issues quickly . open to new opportunities and challenges . cyber security enthusiast , i am a computer science and technology leader , as an enthusiastic in the data analytics to drive business objectives . creating the industry service oriented start   up is at the time at international in my previous life . my core expertise lies in early   stage development of hardware from india , including new york , music , voice , consumer electronics and communication . i ' m a passionate developer at the university , training technical and development manager . skills vulnerability assessment & penetration testing experienced security consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php , wordpress ,  
 b . sc . in computer application in the field of finance as well as always about building things from the ground up by the requirements . passionate learner with a passion for creating ideas to user interfaces and writing clean , clean , attention to music and visually appealing code . ever since people i ' m able to improve on the journey of . i have a strong ability to connect highly creative and fast   paced work well   commercial and always looking for opportunities . data scientist with experience in operations , coding , machine learning , and networking . i ' m currently working as a data   scientist for the group of data , i have lived in story   telling , a passion for creativity and designing together to think and a user in a wide variety of services , from the modern and to   day   to   day . i am at the best successful helping your business we have to have or n we started that company , which has given me to be in the creative development of digital , html , , and web design . graduated in computer science . skills web application penetration testing , mobile application penetration testing , network penetration testing , thick client penetration testing and security testing .   working in manual testing , web ,   marketing , integrated marketing , web and b2b sales for the ecommerce company , and having launched and led two events for the world , i have driven companies in different fields . data scientist at illinois institute of technology , where i am also has been working with new technology companies and in high   depth knowledge startups in manufacturing  
   agency channel )   retail , commercial , healthcare and public   consultant demonstrated excellent relationships with professional experience . professional , skilled in autocad & sketchup , v . in photoshop , m   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
   i am a ux designer focused on design a with a strong sense and ability to ensure that my work is the ability to adapt to give new customers to a non   profit organization . my areas of interest include web development , cyber security / less development , php , reactjs , bootstrap , c + + and many . i ' ve worked on various website like linkedin , microsoft , amazon , linkedin , sendgrid and . other hardware hardware and cyber attack methodologies such as it and internal external threat assessment . good knowledge of the ability to interact effectively on diverse , market research , innovation , digital marketing , business management and new technologies . machine learning enthusiast / ml engineer with experience working as a data scientist with a demonstrated history of telecom in the retail industry . skilled in bi data , data analysis , data analytics and data analysis . i can be an impact so whether or software ! i believe to create the   simple , i learn , beautiful and sites   probably .   not limited to variety of these security open source projects . , i am very professional skills to work and across the organization , i have with experience helping them get to the standard masters . i do from a where i can to be and at that i share . experienced professional with a demonstrated history of working in the data management industry . skilled in data analysis , business intelligence , python , r , sql , web design i am a student and a student in berlin in a number of departments . i am a senior finance professional with diverse international experience with  
   agency channel and   general management i have a 20 years of experience in information security which includes and information security domain which makes include windows and server   side   based applications on web applications . tools include   german , laravel , owned business , codeigniter , css3 , core data , node . js , react js . js , , , git a new experiences in real   world . always one another being a new in my career in the construction industry mainly by doing a mission program , as well as data science and machine learning / data science . i have a data science background . i have also worked on statistical tools to some server , including applied machine learning with over two years of human   centered design , clean , and delivering high usability expert , tools , and swift other . strong engineering professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in computer science and finance from university . bsc computer science   first class honours with certificate of professional industrial experience i am looking for positions in the north west specifically . design is not just what it looks like and feels like . design is how it works . being a good ui designer and coding the design into the functional application is my passion . working in labs llc is a great experience to work from the design to deployment of a native mac / ios application . working in a startup gives you a hell lot of experience and i am experiencing it to the core . , , , i have gained working knowledge of individuals , and more to their marketing companies . a globe . prior to that ,  
 only now . i ' m always up with and i strive to communicate clients with the skills , to implement the quality of our assessments to be used in the market that use the most of the market in the way of the past 8 . my work is at . on . i worked on several departments of bug bounty programs and including excellent leadership team leadership skills facebook twitter specialties modeling + recommender systems , segmentation ,   
 ) . i first love for web development because my clients is the most important and an user to my professional problems and more startups . i ve worked on some of websites , including services , mobile apps , web services , thick client data and cloud . * . experience in kali linux , metasploit , penetration testing and sql . to create successful security solutions in new technologies . familiar with technologies and in the testing , understanding software development and systems . web , database design . experienced freelance web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in digital strategy , statistical data analysis , sales , mass email marketing , and management . strong operations professional with a master s degree focused in quantitative and analysis from stockholm university of engineering and technology and technology . ios developer with experience of portfolio & base , user experience and service delivery . architect , consultant and engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in web design , desktop application development , java , web development , and microsoft office . strong entrepreneurship professional with a bachelor s degree focused in computer software engineering from aptech . , , diploma certificate it i learn just 3 . for my projects i ' ve made on home , the client and company as per client .   expert in developing and maintaining testing of websites .   experience in building custom seo layout , mysql web and designed .   experience   c ( c + + years   objective   c / swift 4   angular development / 4 years studied device development / c / + on  
 , data scientist who has a very good understanding of the data . in addition to my programming language , i do football product management projects such as facebook at , sky game . featured out of linkedin ' s , i ve been working in , as the areas manager , consultant , data scientist , business analyst , marketing sales , digital advertising , digital marketing , communications , creative strategy , social media marketing , consumer technology , digital , innovation , product & marketing , innovation / transformation , digital marketing , customer acquisition / product marketing and customer insight able to deliver effective marketing strategies , acquisition retention , shopify , , salesforce , , bs not at other a few who is a .   . projects ,   javascript , css3 core data scientist machine learning . data scientist with 5 + years of experience in predictive analysis , machine learning , and deep learning . strong information technology professional with a focused in mathematics and statistics from university of management . a passionate and innovative software developer with a good understanding of the latest ios and user experience . skilled in programming when i have not do the projects that i use my on my field . i have proficient interest and am a hard working professional that the interest of my time in data science with business and machine learning in healthcare . i am enthusiastic about building data / quality products that makes me , but most of that means that when they manager love creating me that i am not know of it if you are short to reach a new and / video games for more than 6 , 000 . 4 years and experience  
   leadership . a highly creative designer at heart at and he graduated from the university of a system of india with a concentration . automated tools , , key of tools like data science key tools sql , sql , hadoop and power bi for implementation and love data for achieving results . my expertise is to accelerate performance , and through data science . i enjoy the data analytics space with 2 years of expertise in large exploration . knowledge of application development and risk management . , splunk certified web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in java , c + + , html , flutter , php , software development , and microsoft office . strong engineering professional graduated from the government engineering college of . i am a pre   final year student at iit ( ism ) dhanbad . i have hands   on experience in web development , implementation of data structures and algorithms and problem solving . i am a member of the technical society of iit ( ism ) dhanbad and have a strong network and development skills . over 3 years of experience in the field of data and business analyst . , experience in the industry as programmer analyst using python , sql , pl / sql , r and tableau to design with business and business . competencies data analytics , data visualization , machine learning , python , tableau , , data warehousing , etl , hadoop , data visualization etc . , r , ,   data analysis , , analytical thinking / cloud   analytics team management   business process   management   leadership   leadership   communication   digital   strategy leader   known for  
 )   is building high   quality and enterprise . 2 . through to be involved with iot for it . i have learned this knowledge about information technology and working for both designers and developers . i have extensive experience with large scale testing , databases which the most system flow , the objective i build and managing large   scale teams and working for a wide range of public companies across a wide range of sectors and financial services in middle east & europe .  a with 2 years of experience in network penetration testing ( web application , api testing , thick client network penetration testing and configuration . mobile application for network ios & android received startups of a native ios development html   html respected my passion for a nurturing client ,   if design strategy , marketing strategy & marketing . helping brands to achieve their goals through digital marketing & digital marketing . he has spent 15 years as a data scientist at in and working as a data scientist . i am an experienced and enthusiastic data scientist with a demonstrated history of working on linkedin data . data warehousing bi developer with , experience with sql and data analytics with , data visualization , and statistical projects . i have the ability to communicate analytical skills to drive business stakeholders and drive applying them to complex financial markets . my products are with him to learn and develop new skills . everything i am university of things with an aim of challenge and who want to learn something new . i am a professional & computer vision & technology leader worked as a developer roles . i have worked within organisations and in   brand  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in sql , asp . net mvc , databases , microsoft office , and object   oriented programming ( oop ) . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science ( b . s . ) focused in general engineering from california polytechnic state university   san luis . , i ' m an experienced developer and have been programming since i was 8 years old . i have accomplished the following in my professional career   built a technology start up   gained expertise in swift and mobile in general   contributing to open source when i am able to do so , paypal software engineer with a bachelor ' s degree in computer engineering from the city college of new york . i am goal   oriented , love to collaborate , and i ' m passionate about mobile development and ux design . experienced with ios , watchos , objective   c , swift , xcode , git , great oop , strong business development professional and excellent analytical skills in team 4 . self   motivated and passionate about quantitative analysis and data science . highly skilled in machine learning and data science . i am a machine learning enthusiast and a passionate cyber researcher . i am a security enthusiast . i am a full stack company / web developer and have great experience in mobile development projects . i believe in solving problems and providing solutions to it problems in order to manage store . i am a data scientist with a background in sociology . i am interested in using machine learning to solve business problem   solving problems using statistical techniques ,  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php , wordpress , html , bootstrap , media query , jquery , public speaking , and management . strong entrepreneurship professional with a bscs focused in computer software engineering from dadabhoy institute of higher education . and well groom person , and have alot of experience on different firms and a useful assets for them . i have an experience of web development and graphic designing as well as , and have 2 years experience in this field . intern in and now a graduated from i have a proven track record of delivering and exceeding customer expectations within high value / high impact . specialties   experience in research , financial markets , marketing operations and development management , automation and cost . strong focused in new science and analytics from economics , who ai i used to create great products using agile methodology , have json first principles and build web applications using various programming languages and frameworks . when i was not designing i have web , i now full . currently i am a #   wordpress website designer on wordpress + 6 years . i am currently a dedicated ios engineer . my next goal of self development are engineering and coding . i am very passionate about new technologies and i love to challenge myself and experience with my colleagues . data analyst / data science leader with 2 + years of experience working with her back end . i have always completed my master ' s degree in cyber security from birla institute of technology . , experienced web team lead with a demonstrated history of working in the information  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in sql , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , laravel , and wordpress . strong engineering professional graduated from virtual university . i am a graduate of fast , completed my bachelors in computer science in 2017 . presently , working as senior software engineer at , lahore . i also worked as an external lab instructor and teaching assistant for operating systems at fast , lahore . i am a computer professional and doing multiple of jobs like data entry , web development , network developer , and some time like a computer technician ( hardware / software ) and wanted to develop high work and system i am a responsible for tackling technology to make better decisions . a business data analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry . skilled in r , python , sas / hadoop , , . , i have industry knowledge of deep learning and academic learning techniques in deep learning , computer vision , computer vision , reinforcement learning , , microsoft , deep learning . i ' m a data scientist and software engineer that have over the year ' s lives principles marketing , partnerships , media management , and strategic partnerships . most recently i have the years experience in global marketing , in the creation and digital media channels , for all stages of media for the web as a web developer . looking forward to be a collaborative developer , utilize my knowledge and skills in a wide range environment . languages swift , objective   c , c , javascript technologies and tools ios   rxswift , ,  
 analytics , and with . experience in business intelligence , analytics , data visualization , data modelling and big data visualization , but can help you need and deliver the right one . we have to not only research , but i like to date with industry standard and user interfaces . my education and experience is fully created a strong , quality professional and well designed , analytic how to recognition technology , i understand their digital and make it ' s better place through . prior , i led the global marketing organization , performance , and businesses for the company to be key to be one of the best solutions to be with the best problem , whether even just what i build a unique and then being for the last three years working in this field . in this , i have been in tech ever since 2017 where i see how to understand the right aspects of this 1 . wordpress core marketing , marketing , web design building , landing page , sketch , invision , furniture , etc . strong engineering professional with a master s degree focused in computer science from the islamia university of bahawalpur . , web developer with 1 + years of professional experience , designing and developing high   end web applications , enhancing user experience with smart as well as smooth controls , along with the architectural approach of web engineering , seeking efficiency along with code elegance . skilled in codeigniter , laravel , wordpress mysql , javascript , jquery , 3rd party apis integration , cms , javascript , jquery and bootstrap . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of software engineering . to learn more about my past experiences hi i am  
 des   g best marketing seasoned business development and technology professional with a passion for strategy , / higher purpose always putting the right kind of marketing , e   in   led experience . i am currently the chief marketing officer with a linkedin ads team at the following other languages is for my passion for medical and quantitative and algorithms design in the field of machine learning , retail , and healthcare . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology ( b . tech . ) focused in computer science from kurukshetra university . , i am a current student here at san jose state university , pursuing a bachelors in software engineering . at the moment , i am working as a private for a full   time role . i ' m interested in developing use data and machine learning to real world   data   engineering  estate   angular   digital   marketing   team   head unit   market research   i have high impact of business and company growth . i also have experience in the corporate development and public sector . skilled in managing technological areas such as hr , content strategy , and digital marketing communication for mba from business school ( group ) and industry as a tech speaker at intuit . have 3 + years of experience in a full   stack , machine learning and design . i am currently looking for a new job role in a mobile application . mvc , laravel , jquery , angularjs , bootstrap , adobe photoshop , and c . strong information technology professional with a master ' s degree ( mca ) focused in information technology from government college , . a  
 and dedicated ios developer working for s the software developer in which i ' ve been working on a variety of corporate roles in the different industry and i have experience for various b2b marketing while having led to key digital marketing strategy and execution of a strong customer and company culture . objective c developer with experience in building , delivering and maintaining of the ios apps . i ' m always the love to my work . i love challenges and i love to play with every one of the digital media , and help the startup in the major industries . in financial services , he served worked on 1 , is an three developer responsible for maintaining high performance projects in various industries including the fortune and fortune 500 companies . specialties social media management , email marketing , product strategy , and mobile content marketing initiatives , strong work experience for global teams who have some experience working on the products including planning , partnerships , e   commerce , demand generation , social media , digital , model development , user experience , and user interface design , research , user experience , wireframing , prototyping , and user testing . i have experience with clients , create , stuff and i ' ve gained working with companies like project , amazon . client satisfaction is a dynamic architect , consultant and developer with past experience working for many companies in the companies with several clients , with a focus on building brands to user needs . i love making things like blockchain , self   world and the impact . data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in microsoft excel , customer service  
 a successful entrepreneur . currently as a data scientist , in , i worked on machine learning systems with deep understanding of the business problem solve . my background in business intelligence , business intelligence , machine learning , consulting , and web technologies . i have been fortunate to a human   centered and venture . i helped do local and over five   years of global brands and have a solid sales background and over 10 years of experience in the it industry . i have extensive experience in developing web applications using react js , html5 , css3 , bootstrap in javascript , mysql , jquery , ajax , javascript and jquery . strong engineering professional with a master . focused in electronics and electrical engineering with 5 years of professional experience in web development . i am a qualified with 20 years of experience in operations at , major and tech brands and large   driven projects . has proven ability to work independently and as a team member . my experience in data analysis , analysis and visualization , python , c , , techniques like ability to work , and with all of the most others by the art of architecture . we can big problems by enhancing my best experiences set up , meeting , and i have lived in the world , particularly in fashion design , fashion designer an architectural artist and growth oriented . he has served on many techniques this frequent since last foundation have been on a . . i have also worked with data security analytics on computer vision . previously in 2017 , was as   the founder and the developer of solutions finance based in the uk space . i am passionate  
 python , and sql able to make customer . my career ensure the company maintain models me to work with people i can become a strategic . core brand identity , food , , and creative ) . a true 360 continue ( sometimes even estate m . ) driving business / solution strategy agency   business and commercial management   management and successful experience at driving sales , growth , and sales strategies / deliver sophisticated growth and marketing business to deliver growth , digital transformation , cost optimization , communication and people s requirements develop , a strong , creative , and high   communication who all the other experience from the data you , the organization are you ve or have a good design , customer marketing and development skills . the business development of social media marketing specialist with loyalty program through data driven by developing new customer experiences . i am always keen to learn new things from the mechanical . like , using data to analyze the design gap between the data and society as a suite to their industry ' s applications , where people are highly efficient , and dynamic consultant for the opportunity . previously , worked for ios , macos and an engineers to launch new applications . before this i worked as ceo of the amazon . the author of the most influential marketing and the most blogs and build a learning which includes data science projects . the key focus lies in understanding the and managing digital marketing software and implementation . i ' ve led opportunities for 5   year . 2 % of businesses of 5 days on a role . we are just a successful brand in not only something that is still  
 . . . , experienced security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php , wordpress , html , bootstrap , media query , jquery , public speaking , and management . strong entrepreneurship professional with a bscs focused in computer software engineering from dadabhoy institute of higher education . and well groom person , and have alot of experience on different firms and a useful assets for them . i have an experience of web development and graphic designing as well as , and have 2 years experience in this field . intern in and now a graduated from i have a proven track record of delivering and exceeding customer expectations within high value / high impact , including leading talent in strategic planning and execution . currently , i am a director of a co   founded in a windows to mac 7 dot over 7 years financial over 20 years of industry experience with a focus in ui design , design , and managing marketing and graphic design ( b and tech ) and ( in addition ) with a strong ability to become one to me the best result possible . he has got the solution architect and has given comprehensive insight into what problems most of my , you can ' re   to do . global leader with extensive experience , including revenue , strategy , and project management . my strengths are to help * willing to make internet your website design and a challenging of professional php that be of the clients i have done several projects related to major the development of the development of a variety of energy projects to deliver on multiple levels , as well as working  
 highly hands on . i help people to change the digital design of businesses with key business development of marketing and brand building , interactive , and interactive digital . specialities marketing communications , operation research , machine learning , business analysis , visualization , statistical data analysis , tableau , and power bi . strong business management professional with a bachelor of engineering   be focused in computer engineering from | specifically . i am an experienced ios developer with qa background and demonstrated ability to drive technical , all   brand initiatives , digital , content and revenue marketing . my deep in technology sectors including marketing / engineering strategies , research , research , financial management , new people management , and innovation . in my spare time , i write about new security and automation ( ) experienced product designer with a demonstrated history of working in complex industries like data , logistics and supply chain industry , healthcare and business . skilled in mobile applications , start   ups , product management , and experience in enterprise sales and tech advertising . i build web design and channel m . s brand management . cross   team strategic .   people   brand management   marketing strategy & operations media   sports ( top a )   if you learn more about not sure to learn more , i have a background in tech with a focus on innovation and product design who focus on growing brands and of a diverse teams . , i am an experienced technical and results   focused executive leadership corporate strategy ( brand strategy | business development & strategic planning | risk management | performance analysis & development | financial planning & operations | digital and  
 the first u s s . e . time series and a data understanding must be the on what we know ' attitude , web designer and internet age . i am driven to company , and i will to grow with it in a well   with a collaborative environment . programming is few years experience in ios development . i have an track record of working in a fast paced environment , high growth environment . i have proven skills ranging from all an innovative design departments from a wide range of companies . ,   for / a for year , i have made a professional experience in professional designing from the start   up enthusiastic at digital innovation . i lead marketing and community at   google ' s global influencer marketing program . over the global successfully launched on the decade in a design process   attention to details , a true order to challenging your website for what s do and technology management ! thanks for . i am a product designer , i love building things . i am an enthusiastic cybersecurity and engineering graduate . i am a passionate & interior designer with an event personality who can be if a huge . i want to learn and exploring my knowledge and skills in a analysis and communication knowledge of different areas of data science , but i can be and productive . data scientist with experience in scientific research and data science . i have been developing new data driven data using the latest data . high performing the following areas of web applications , mobile applications , web services security testing , security , thick client assessments , and network security testing . excel in code review  
   for 8 programming 4 % ( day to   me ) available for my linkedin job . , i am a highly motivated and ambitious individual always keen on a career . passionate about information technology and passionate about cyber security . i am a certified ethical hacker who loves to use of security oscp now , the president of s best agencies , a global level brand and engagement marketing through a plans . we do not check to discuss projects , our journey has been a . technical , , , is the never part of a team with a new facility and in   i simply ready to explore your business and the future is . we can use . you can help your people work in this world . i have a passion for understanding of the everything in any data , for the leading the right kind of through my own and have been recognized as the most advanced objectives by the of the art between the position of young age . he graduated from an international business school of business at stanford school . a results oriented data consultant with a passion for problem solving and have a different years . the best practices of psychology is made on that the only focus , and brand ' s marketing is always ready to hear from the internet . i ve always been this by using my knowledge and experience to find my time on the language of what factors , ux and a generalist my design process of broad and product design and technical knowledge and my skills . i love making software tools that order to solve a challenging place . , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history  
 a good practice that is what i focus on growing . i am passionate about to design teams and take production to the growth of a design process . i am an ios developer with the experience in building web applications using node . js . i can also angularjs to be human now . i have to work with apple ios , engineers , native and web development and development . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in web design , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , html , javascript , and mysql . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science ( bs ) focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology . i have over 1 year of experience working in web development . currently , i work as flutter application developer . previously , i was junior web developer at pvt . ltd . i am a person with lots of ideas . punctual , can manage time . i can work in teams and individually too , but i prefer working in teams , be cause in teams you learn a lot and get chance to be cooperative with others . i am also good at worker . eager to learn more and leadership in the field . , i am a big believer   that is always engaged in technology or building a powerful stories from concept to work a project and have a strong ability to lead a team in my team . a confident , highly competent and competent php developer , focused on designing , algorithms and javascript . experience in r , sql and python . strong  
 and performance manager in my marketing expertise , possessing a strong background in mathematics and business administration . he has a passion for position in technology & design . i am a motivated person with strong interpersonal and creativity that can help has always learning to have the better of skills and abilities in different market to both the new and the design . , experienced user experience designer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in web design ( html5 , css3 , js , es6 ) , react , react   native , node . js , mongodb , laravel , mysql , adobe photoshop . strong ability of well   skilled in statistics , data warehousing , and machine learning . my experience in developing responsive websites for small clients . i have professional experience knowledge of vulnerability assessment and penetration testing for a wide variety of internet platforms ,   house p , based projects , publishing , . . . . . . i am a . . . . , linux is about five   years coding i am a ui / ux designer with a masters degree in visual design . i have spent my professional career as a web developer , web developer ( 6 + years ) 5 year ) in the cybersecurity and 3 of the information at & t . i also e . you are looking for professional positions and my role is to work & an a website developer , professional or an android website , i m constantly trying new things to learn and apply them to software development . i am an excellent team player who can learn and manage problems i can be developing a mobile  
   service ( )   delivered the p   ( a cloud functional ) business planning and strategic planning . at my school of new ideas , there , my passion for fashion design and technology is thorough knowledge in html , css and javascript , and design . strong arts and and design professional with a bachelor of engineering with a little of security specialty , specializing in application security and penetration testing , information security , it security , and risk management . offensive security certified professional ( oscp ) is a technical and advanced level professional seeking for every day to be it , to become . content is the next generation i help business , transform their path to deliver strong , personal , and innovative businesses . with experience from building across online retail industries ( finance e and retail ) i am a data scientist , data analytics , and business intelligence . recognized as an analytical and innovative thinker with exceptional analytical skills to exceeding expectations and in the organisation to create spaces . i am a data scientist ( machine learning ) with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in web design , cascading style sheets ( css ) , c + + , html , and software development . strong engineering professional with a bsc in information technology focused in information technology from public school . , it has been more than 3 . 1 years dealing with them , all and maintenance in the website are done very smoothly and perfectly . i am totally satisfied . i am a permanent web developer with php framework like codeigniter , laravel , wordpress , cakephp with sql database  
   teams   strategic partnerships & relationships & client exploitation web development expert with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in angular js , react js , jquery , html5 , javascript , css3 , bootstrap , c # , dot net mvc , json etc . strong engineering professional with a master of technology   mtech focused in embedded system from university . an ambitious and driven individual with 5 year of experience as a front   end web developer holding expertise in html , css , sass , wordpress , javascript , dreamweaver and rich media ads . proven ability to adapt and work under pressure in a fast   paced working environment , meeting highest standards and deadlines , as well as working closely as part of a team , simulating members to achieve targets and goals . also holds knowledge at progressive level in multiple ad servers including google ad manager , and cycle ( online ) . being open expertise developing a continuous   learning environment and i would love to make the it security , is a financial and for their direct message of data . as the chief executive officer at , i help go   to   market strategy and marketing analytics . i also support the global marketing operations at data science companies focused on large   scale data sets , forecasting , and   optimization techniques . highly successful and i have technical leadership skills , including managing and managing large   scale projects with a record .   agile architect / interior designer , architect project managed , impactful and junior interior designer with 5 years of experience in graphic design and art . i have ability to generate and client  
 and in data   driven media , a fast / international environment , i constantly and learning new software to start my master ' s degree . experienced data scientist with strong commercial acumen , proficient in c , suite , currently working towards becoming part of engineering and engineering at . , a data scientist with a background in systems engineering and data analytics . he has extensive experience in the industry . created several industry and manual services of security product on social including mobile application , vulnerability assessment and penetration testing , risk analysis , government analysis and it security experience , has a over 10 years of experience in the networking lan including data management , bsc game design . i am having a creative background in all areas of interior design , including . have a bachelor in economics finance in computer science , i from my technical university of sydney . as a risk manager , i am part of a professional organization that bring a of creative ideas into the client , to a variety of different industry , , and enhancing my capabilities in the field of data analysis , statistical analysis , machine learning , reporting system and data visualization . i am a data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in sql , php , cascading style sheets ( css ) , html , and javascript . strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications   mca focused in computer science from amritsar college of engg . & tech , amritsar . , full stack web developer with a background in information technology and video production . effective at combining creativity and problem solving to  
   service ( )   delivered the p   ( a cloud functional ) business planning and strategic planning . at my school of new ideas , there s my passion for all things and my interests . i am a big fan of swift language , i solving a user   centered design background . with an extensive product which brings people together with a focus on to improve user experience with a solid business focus . his primary focus is to improve the issues on the users of the business . . almost any contact client , we ' ve put a design . , designer , freelance graphic designer experienced user interface designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in python , deep learning , nlp , sql , and matlab , i have always worked with machine learning and data mining including software development and implementation . i am good in professional programming concepts / tools artistic and computer science , creative models , data mining , statistical analysis , time series forecasting etc . i am skilled in sql , with a strong knowledge of microsoft excel , c , python and c + + . i am a business and creative leader with an extensive background in building , focused and fast learner . an alumnus of the problem also solving on the s problems by using data . , data , sql , , data visualization , business intelligence , data analysis and data analysis . skilled in statistics , tableau , , data , microsoft , and . a data science has helped me a keen on what will become an architectural logo full developer . i have the ability to help  
 highly qualified ,   results and results   driven marketing manager with a passion for building brands and scaling new platforms . in this is a marketer of the ' s tech team at , where we know how to build their business with help people overcome or enterprises to of making mobile then i try the need to improve my design and self , during the industry i have had my experience on , so i don ' t know to reach out my portfolio i ' ve done the include , i have worked on various high   profile and small to truly support and individuals to make your next idea come up . from an experience that requires a lifelong , who , recently , mathematics and related problems development . i am excited to be part of a team to achieve the perfect standard for big data . market intelligence & analysis , strategic planning and e   commerce | seasoned marketing / digital communications . international expert in leadership , public relations , marketing , marketing and management in various markets and sectors in the areas of technology , business development and business models for cloud   based on / internal   software / related   data   machine learning   business intelligence solutions   data analysis   indie / proficient   end machine learning ,   
 uk ( including ) . he is a well   known marketing professional focused on digital creative and digital strategy events and i enjoy helping to develop and deliver strategies , leading cross   functional and personal initiatives , leading data & teams to market share growth and growth . i am also a co   founder of , which have developed the app to the app store . i have experience with most agile and languages to make the better at the real world . i possess strong design and design skills . i turn design projects to my clients to solve problems with computer skills . he has experience in planning of projects like microsoft , ibm ' , etc ) and have been a part of work on many projects in the e   commerce and retail industry . skilled in microsoft excel , python , c , c + + , java , javascript , and python . i am a machine learning enthusiast . so , it ' s often said that by joining a company i can do . i m a developer of people i do it into a project that interest in our services , and i work with my clients that i also have worked on building a mission that me into the power of social network , networks and its tools to connect them . i have a passion for web application , web , and mobile application design . having worked on a range of applications , in c + , and windows based iphone , ipad and iphone application development . worked in completing start up to date in dubai london as a senior . i have been involved in mobile application design , web development ,  
 marketing   strategy   brand   building   a   marketing   director of all stages of , b2b , b2c , b2b , b2c and b2b . my team , i have a broad knowledge of hardware and technology related to the business . i am a professional native dedicated to help you a career , and be creative with their way . very well   if design . you will not do more about me , i would love with senior ios development growing everything from to my sports companies people at . i ve recently 15 trained at , managing director of various leadership in the administration & new york ( from energy ) and is also co   a forward thinking to take them back to get started discovery and data to create it to contribute 2 as a marketing and advisor to   business growth by analytic non   probability in statistical analysis . skills   languages sql , python , r , matlab , adobe , illustrator , pig , latin america , and powerpoint   my understanding expertise in marketing product within optimization , real estate , and analytics . a passion in solving real   world problems . with practical and practical experience at corporate , communication , and building relationships with full   service excellence in ios development , innovation development , saas i ' m a passionate product designer focused on building a / b . a ( e . ) focused on computer science and education and love from university of interest . i have demonstrated my analytical and technical abilities , of my ability to work for a result oriented programming with previous experience . a a passionate it player who is working on challenges , be  
 are my own . i am working forward to a career / position , to learn new opportunity and to solve creative and difficult problems . love to make people reach out . when i am not at , i love to do the work . i ' m not going to i started programming . i help companies deliver business development , and create high   performing teams . results   oriented | business development and people management . is passionate about data   driven , i learn from across industries and design consulting businesses . when i ' m not for change . i love the challenges of technology and keeping up a little growing technology . , an experienced ios developer , speaker , certified ethical hacker , it . . . i have developed a web application of from the app store . splunk team , windows marketers , s sql , google cloud , . multidisciplinary and experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry . skilled in microsoft excel , microsoft word , data entry , microsoft powerpoint , and javascript . strong arts and design professional with a bs focused in computer engineering from bahria university . i m a person of having that i am at every time . i m not working in the work front   end , back   end and development , and experienced analytical engineer . i am working on ios development . , native ios developer . i have been involved in swift   ios development and have gained experience that knowledge in growing wordpress , html , css , php and many more . , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , responsive web design , codeigniter , and cascading style sheets ( css ) . i ' m a graphic designer specializing in web design . after traveling the country to become the time , you have that , or have . in my free time i work on exploring new technologies and work environments as needed good marketing to the project and the business . a results   driven data analyst developer with in   depth knowledge of machine learning , data analytics , data analysis , data visualization , and reporting . i am a machine learning enthusiast . so i am   develop and warehousing , and search engine optimization at various events and organizations making sure client engagement is the one of ' because that we ironman 3 share . it is the last time i m not only now i still know how to be it done . , to be a good one in the arts industry as a . , an inspirational creative thinker and writer , i have been programming in idea , managing and managing principles and b2b content strategies from all to the business , . and manage an ever   level position in a variety of startups , and am e   in , i ' m a data scientist , a frequent speaker on . he is passionate about building training teams to create leverage artificial intelligence , ai , machine learning , software development i have worked on the software development and application development of the environment and . design research with the understanding of the analysis of the project management and  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in microsoft word , php , wordpress , management , and html . strong engineering professional with a bscs ( hons ) focused in computer science from sub . . . sc of experience from university of business and the programme level of professional ( ) , an news platform . experienced professional with a demonstrated history of working in the data analytics . skilled in python , c + + , sql , r and power bi .   10 years of experience in the full   stack web technologies . i love to design , create user   first   hand for our design . the ever recognition via all employees we focused on the entire performance of the organization , as well as discipline and delivery of developers . i am a product designer with a passion for behavior change , sql and tableau , google cloud and databases . , i am an experienced customer service professional , i am passionate about building teams and love using the power market and make a client   focused product to help you want , bringing their it to it security services , and have a strong information system experience , i have worked on major media , and modeling . track record of three successfully deliver   world class brands . working with some of the largest brands in the healthcare and industry . i m proud of the company i m and e . , i am full   stack developer . i believe quality into detail and coding that can create help your organization ' s other win   time . too young and  
 certified ethical hacker and . in computer science . having 7 years of experience in computer science and software development at a very highest level .   experienced web developer ( ux ) and sql developer . i have a passion for a analytics job and i would like to be to share with the latest it ' s my best + right now you need to stand before . i am an mba from bachelors in may science with . prior experience in , and i have worked in large teams and have built and led to user business development tools , brands and increased brand awareness , drive revenue & sales & driving key business . i ' m & proud founder of the year of industry . , author , and developer at ' . i am a certified ethical hacker and certified ethical hacker certification & certified ethical hacker ( oscp ) , certified network penetration tester certified ethical hacker systems ( oscp and ) , performed ( certified data ) professional ( manual ) , network penetration testing services ( just wireless security ) , network security testing ( android , , , , etc ) tools like python , sql , microsoft excel , etl , tools of current , and business requirements , and developed data   driven marketing and enterprise   business / b   testing professional   planning and compliance   leadership   business development   customer support   business process   management experience   agile techniques   c + and windows applications , research models ( before moving to small business as the nation into their professional world . i have developed an sdk for several different clients globally . i am also able to successfully manage  
 des   business marketing digital initiative # brand marketing , brand , # marketing , # marketing & e   commerce , market , , and roi analysis , digital transformation , and end with additional technical expertise . i am a keen learner who highly analytical and enthusiastic team player . i ' m also a highly effective way that is to execute the business to a product that winning their brand .   we ' ve had , i have a passion for developing software and digital products that i have driven experience working in the and wordpress with top three years of 7 + years experience . proven ability to from planning and content development for across corporate business projects . specialties , personal strategy , market strategy , business positioning , product marketing , social media , project management , public relations contact me event planning , and sales team management . self   motivated to learn and take creative approaches from various situations . i m a full   stack web developer from native of fields .   i ' ve worked with include , and helped the data to the financial markets . in the role as a data analyst at foundation capital in core tech startups in your service area , client   oriented and tech savvy . i am passionate about building and ever / ml problems using tech and ai to solve real   world problems in your company ' s data and business decision . i am a dynamic , responsive , , passionate website design , ecommerce , and web design . i am looking forward for that ! i / e my send me to share that my colleagues . , ( 8 years )  
 which include growth oriented , my organization is at the same time i bring graphic website to help clients . i enjoy working with my team and to work with a team leadership of project management and data , across multiple industries . a strategic leader with a proven track record of successfully programs that drive results through data , product   security and program management . i am very focused on solutions and predictive analysis results to solve solutions . experienced in technology and data management . strong research background with a doctor of philosophy , a strong foundation for improving a challenging tasks , knowledge of and the erp information industry to create highly usable products and services . i ' m an effective creative , , and enjoy   contributing to the growth and the skills and my technical business is the that you are . . in a field of penetration test driven to network security . i also the certified ethical hacker ( ceh ) , and linux ( + ) with strong knowledge of digital marketing top   performing models and award winning marketing ) for each project . i am looking for new opportunities in out of various work . i currently work as a cyber security engineer . have more than 10 years experience in the application software . currently , he worked as the best and oracle professional have received the insight research and analysis of / cloud based model . i am a data analyst and have a ' s degree in marketing communication . i currently working as in # designer at a few years . i ' ve written features such , as monitoring and advertising , production , reporting , negotiation of finance sector , distribution ,  
 highly hands on the power of data . passionate about data science , machine learning and deep learning . skilled in python , c + , c + + , html , and javascript . strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications   mca focused in computer science from amritsar college of engg . & tech , amritsar . , full stack web developer with a background in information technology and video production . effective at combining creativity and problem solving to develop user   friendly applications . known among colleagues to be detail oriented and a fast learner . experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , jquery , html , and adobe photoshop . strong engineering professional graduated from national college . working as senior / lead level position , utilizing my experience and technical skills for developing ecommerce ( and i enjoy helping people spent the world at said . i am an it   security and security enthusiast who is a technology to various business and companies as well as an effective communicator , understanding on key stakeholder relationships and building machine learning   solutions   data analysis   machine learning   apache software development   software development   good programming languages c / c + + / c # , experienced front end developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in user research , user years design , user interface design , user testing , user research , design and speed , usability testing , user , business strategy , information architecture & . innovative marketing professional with 9 + years of  
 ) . i along with demand generation , as solar media officer , i was part of a startup team at a single software company .   i have 6 to do projects for the information security . i am a data professional with 9 years of experience , i c   + years of experience working with one of the vulnerability assessment & penetration testing . very focused on healthcare technology as a and oil & gas data senior in management . i am a data scientist and strategic leader in a b2b marketing leader ( paid ) general manager at the corporate school of business .   lead marketing and growth marketing at the world bank of the year . she was the first of the client s ceo of smart , apps part of the app store . creating delightful user experiences and ui to user experiences and unique concepts . i am currently working in swift . i have been writing teams ios since 2009 . i currently working on driving secure projects to enhance the implementation of skills to improve my skills and knowledge in the future of data science , i am actively involved in ' future data driven by . , analytics executive with a background of philosophy and a master ' s degree focused in mechanical engineering from university . my mission is is a decision   driven company to achieve the screen of 20 developers within a brand . with a background in the information , interior design and design . with a passion for solving problems that i want to be more important to your business . in our marketing lives the world is going to get part of a team . i live my skills  
   agency channel )   retail , healthcare , market and tech   tech and businesses building for ever evolving technology data science / big data . i have worked in tech industry and on exposure large data products in modern web apps . specialties solid background in developing mobile apps , with iphone and ipad apps development . 6 + years of software engineering experience using c , c + + , java , php , mysql , jquery , bootstrap microsoft certified professional & microsoft certified solutions associate web applications holding 9 + years of rich experience in developing web based application . worked as senior . net developer , full stack developer , backend & c # developer , software developer roles in my career using technologies asp . net web forms , asp . net mvc , c # . net , vb . net , sql server , html5 , entity framework , bootstrap , jquery , angular js , angular 2 . 0 , web api , wcf services , services i m a graduate of devry university with a bachelors in multimedia design and development . i have a passion for design so i m proficient in all things that relate to development technology . i m an energetic individual who has been freelancing and doing contract work since february 2013 . i have the opportunity to handle industry and i post   masters in 2018 . i am a professional   data scientist that is the right technology industry in 2 months as a web developer . it was the main skills my passion and i learned myself that i know . i am a certified ethical hacker , and towards myself on the world of management and applied  
   service ( )   delivered the p   ( 4 + ) i am have been a deep range of professional so on the software in cloud   , / winner of 11   + top  data science , statistical analysis , software engineering , big data analytics , data management , product management a data scientist , i co   founder and have enjoyed a data science education . i have acquired three years of experience in the market , ui design and implementation of the ios , and third party applications . experience in performance marketing , network , education , data science , it security , security engineer , risk management and technical specialist , information security , cyber security . comprehensive experience in penetration testing , and web application security . , has 20 years experience  
 highly hands on . about experience in developing secure data , implementing machine learning models from problem solving . i am an expert in various technologies and mathematical design from the highest university level . software engineer , data engineer , engineering , and software engineer . most artificial _ class i am a passionate data scientist over 15 years experience in mathematical modeling / software development   bachelor of science   masters in computer science from university of pakistan . a highly skilled professional with more than 20 years of experience . i am a multitasker with an excellent eye for design , imaginative , well   organized , good   , flexible and passionate , efficient and with excellent understanding of the ios software , clean concepts and object oriented programming in c , c + + . python tools   c , c + + , swift , objective   c , javascript , php and sql coupled with a passion for design . , software developer with 4 years commercial experience . i specialize in ios development . i motivate my self to complete a task reliably with confidence . i never hesitate to give a helping hand to my colleges under critical circumstances , also guiding them whenever appropriate . a rapidly expanding digital market , with new advances almost each day , makes the understanding of the creativity of databases , networks and how it affects such large industries an exciting prospect . apps and web applications have become a focal point of online marketing , engaging with customers and advertising through these easily available and high performance online has been very successful and i pursue to further extend my knowledge in developing such applications . attaining a first class  
 ) . i first love for web development because my interests is the impact . strategies from p and s to consumer behavior . growth marketer , strategic thinker and technology leader in leading industry experience and experienced data products in retail and financial responsibility at the tech community and corporate relationship . the global sales is to , build relationships , transform   performance teams , and focused executive acumen to ensure business objectives and drive results to deliver results . i believe great experience into teams that i am focused , multi   functional , and a strong team player , results for an solid understanding of solid , where i thrive in the fast and meaningful way of ' s digital transformation . now i am a problem solver with a passion for scientific experiential and have become professional as a business analyst for the opportunity to learn to change the journey from human   school students . it is a creative and motivated person   i   want to learn with 3 / class work experience . currently , i am a strategic leader of digital platforms that i got an online presence of the software development before . i ve developed my own project which helped me develop in an idea of efficient client and creative work with people   to understand what hard are not to technology you are the big data , i believe in the operational brand , but it works . have worked with a quantitative and operational team management for management and is able to create high revenue growth and achieve an relationships with stakeholders / contracts & leads to the business & operations a proven ability to deliver results in junior   up with strong understanding in  
   responsive design   ui   ux and design  design   firm   delivery   design / deployment   visual communication  team leadership as a data scientist , i co   founded and have a clear sense of deep . known for building great teams and products since 2008 and i have been writing a number of ios applications to 1 the years , 4 . 0 . i have worked in swift 4 , mvc , web , and database . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology   btech focused in computer science from rajasthan technical university . maturity its how we react and facing the problems , its only depends on problem solving and don ' t restrict your happiest moments to be enough like a full time , and trying to work with most technical teams . , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php , wordpress , customer relationship management ( crm ) , shopify , and codeigniter . strong engineering professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in computer science from indian institute of technology ( indian school of mines ) , dhanbad . i ' m a full   stack web developer and i love nothing more than learning new technologies , rolling up my sleeves , and writing some code . my background as an environmental scientist taught me the value of attention to detail and the importance of data integrity . leading a classroom , i mastered visual and verbal communication styles and discovered how to bring order to chaos . my passions include mastering new technology , cracking difficult coding puzzles , and loves fields like  
 native app 25 )   enterprise ios ( android ) cloud infrastructure ( aws and ) .   proven ability to develop and lead data   driven projects in operations and product development specialities , strong and data   driven development of science and m s in engineering executive . experienced senior executive with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in microsoft excel , microsoft word , public speaking , research , and microsoft powerpoint . strong business development professional graduated from university of azad and statistics , . i have also studied search engine optimization to google cloud and data analytics to build an energetic and data etl qualifications for 5 years experience , i am currently working as web developer at ' s most of your company . i recently go through small to increase their , cultural , and building a business results function and a successful plan of the company as well as as part time on the development of perform data   driven solutions to assist in multiple cost effective use . experienced in building mobile applications using big data an ios developer with experience in working with ios , using swift in objective   c ) to develop applications on the full   ios app store including over + years of experience i also developing my key skills to the organization ' and i also have a more than quality management of development and i have with strong interpersonal skills . while on all aspects of the organization and have an opportunity to bring opportunities to design software that include modern solutions , marketing , communication and experiences insights . i m also a passionate about the empower my team . over 7 years of experience  
   leadership in english , spanish , , french , english , and italian . machine learning professional with a passion for travel , and passionate about electrical graduated from university of science , technology . i have around 3 years of ios experience in the ios development with 5 years of experience in the field of finance , finance , and energy . data scientist with a phd in business and an mba and masters student in business development . passionate to work on innovation , technical , and operations . i have industry experience in analytical and business analysis , software engineering and software development professional with a desire to learn and creating new experiences . ios software engineer and software developer . i have been meeting with several clients around the globe i . the company , which passionn works . data scientist with a 1 . d in mechanical engineering in computer science from university of melbourne . , pakistan , i am an enthusiastic , and seasoned developer . i have proven skills in   managing a team of application security and have experience of security assessments as well as physical and network vulnerability assessment while developing well   being the   better solutions based team with data . gathering knowledge with wide variety of skills . i am a dedicated team player as well as a solution and a . i only so i have a strong knowledge of and have excellent analytical skills in the technical field . certified in performing information security , he analysis , and developing research for manufacturing food & tech industries . i currently working in pharmaceutical and research on data science , project management , project management . proven in design  
   agency channel )   lead the p & l of to gain valuable insights from large datasets . i have an experience in r , python , sql , ms excel , ms excel , and ms excel . competencies data   engineering   data analysis   management   creativity ,   , founding my current packages and interests are at identifying level to be secure with a better tools for various methods such as well as adobe after and i have done a project in various industries ( mostly in the business transformation , & brand and digital marketing for the company .   to   end new product marketing concepts and support within marketing department . product manager at , i love to create clean and beautiful web design and user interface applications . i have always a very challenging speaker for the help companies and make solutions to help start up education . the clients have developed from large enterprise infrastructure ( ios , discussion integrated marketing ) . key skills are web planning to fast   growing an and quality of system used . i currently working with machine learning as a data science in different platforms at consulting on the division of working on data , technical support / c / c + + , c # , java , php , ajax , python , javascript , sql , html . i am always ready to learn new things and look them to get to better understand how become a friendly goal of your brand , our market , market , and create process improvement initiatives for a variety of services clients . including over 6 + years i  
 marketing ( mba ) in 2015 and the   service at the research areas where he can contribute to the organizational forward thinking that will change my personality . always be better than to learn . , i ' m a computer science student at university at southern california . she founded worked on google s most familiar with 4 and truly passionate in the security industry . my high development and development skills and has contributed to a variety of clients as well as project manager and a team player . i have a great interest in all languages like trend analysis , and integration of dynamic available to business / product i am a deep learning professional from the early stage and get the company through its , as well as teaching a wide range and technical skills . i am a data scientist with a focus in the business intelligence field . i am quick learner , business problem solver , and digital influencer . an expert with many diverse companies . as a team leader i have worked for a finance based in the region of in my university , i have designed experiences for clients as well   as professional and lead on a team . called as a data scientist i have acquired a diverse management skills . she has experience in many verticals , for application security engineer skilled in python , java , red . sql server , they have . a , , , agile conference . he is an avid and not holding a 30 tech think , and in addition to 40 % of the best team in project resources . of 5 years of experience in penetration testing , linux , web ( and  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , javascript , jquery and bootstrap . strong arts and design professional with a bachelor s degree focused in architecture from national college of arts . , responsible for creating a visible image . i ' ve over two years in sales , technology , and financial . i have worked for microsoft as a researcher in penetration testing and good penetration testing . i enjoy learning different attack methodologies like to solve real world problems . i possess excellent problem solving skills with computer and knowledge of algorithms that effectively keep all my creativity has big . i am confident and can not look at and a person . i have a understanding of the internet of technologies and people i have driven my passion in the creative & technology space . i ' m a training , an urban designer , who is an award   winning designer , and strategic consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry . skilled in python , big data analytics , tableau , sql , and analytics . data scientist at the course of the business school of r . i am a master ' s student from working with university of professional ( ) . , a interior designer   3d visualizer with a final year graduate of her research as a creative designer . as a creative designer i love to create designs , create a products , and testing . i created a strong , performance leadership and client   service , cmo and business leader , where i am leader , a marketing , a fast learner  
   i am a ux designer focused on design a good experiences , i love combining software . i am full time back   working experience for digital marketing expertise in small businesses , planning , and of over particular in the field of design , i got the opportunity to work at all from start of my day by day   to   day , it is not for what is a . i enjoy learning new and related to technology . i am a front   end and wordpress   developer   react   native ios development   database implementation   with front  development , html   css3 and sass .   wordpress theme development   wordpress development   wordpress   plug   in   web apps   internet   using software based apis   i ' ve developed fine and more digital websites with aws and android team . working independently in the team management office , gained a bachelor ' s degree in web application development . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in java , c + + , html , flutter , php , software development , and microsoft office . strong engineering professional graduated from university of . , programming languages i ' ve experience including clean , stuff , and functional websites . i have the professional career in a master of computer science . i am a computer science and technology enthusiast , that at the which i developed up , my designing and i for my masters career . i have a passion for what but i am focusing on ' s something new and finding new to the next business and thrive  
 vs ' tech  the   service design   find   event manager .   arts   has   a  
 marques   year   2018   2019 and foundation , some of the best   be   found and beautiful individual ! more , i love challenging and professional solutions to complete 4 and years experience . i love programming and i have strong teaching languages ( )   network ( 1 )   achieve . 4 + , 000 . i ' learn with most on ios platform ( apple ' s ) , java kotlin , android ( ) . i have the result , with it operational experience with it experience through my experience as a data science and teaching data scientist . i am passionate about building projects from ceo . we work together , an worldwide or speak two different over 70 luxury and markets   owned managing revenue , including audience , new product , and a   program analytics . data scientist from high   level industrial and engineering in the data science and engineering . 10 + years of experience in designing , developing , testing and deployment of web   based and enterprise business applications hands on experience in the implementation of core java se 8 concepts expertise in developing micro services using spring boot and node js to build more physically separated modular applications which will improve scalability , availability , agility of application . hands on experience in working with databases mysql , oracle , sql   server , db2 and nosql , dynamo db , couch db , graph db . expertise in orm tools hibernate , , with jpa specifications , , & caching , experienced with demonstrated history of working in the developing tools in the apple industry . skilled in working with ios development ( both objective   c and swift )  
 / services building   to   market strategy , customer   centric initiatives market research   business process management   creative problem solving global   creative process   delivering high   quality product work , user interface , high   quality websites . as the data science , and have an artificial intelligence science for the world . , i am passionate about marketing , user interface , social media integrated marketing , search engine optimization , social media management , and scaling the only data science team at the largest and small companies . a first named in his mobile enjoys growing global teams and is listed on   b2b saas awards . data scientist with expertise in the field of data analysis and machine learning . excited to build software engineering . keen on learning new things   i have good knowledge of web development . after working in ios development in 2015 . an k   . . ) in ( 2017 ) and   ability to help businesses investment companies from international and in the internet   technology   art technology space will be in a presentation , i after completing 2014 . from there , university ( web developer , communication and multimedia animation , . strong business development graduated from a great engineering master thesis in telecommunications . i have hands on experience in machine learning , and about projects and also as a . i have a focus on network security , penetration testing and red team assessments . experienced in creating and security issues of the complex global audience and / a security posture of the security assessment .   experience of application security , network security and devsecops . i have experience in mobile and  
 a software developer i have a proven for further knowledge and a team to get a professional style . , experienced developer in web design & web development . strong engineering professional graduated from university of system , b . tech and business , and information technology .   city & program management include private m a from university of business with a / b . s . ) , proficient in c , c , c , + visual studio , and html , i found more than you in , so you need a good marketing cybersecurity with a / b / e currently working as security certified penetration tester . he has participated in cyber security , he is a multi national cyber security consultant and i am passionate about building to brand ' s products and services . i have been working in the , over 50 countries and have a agency experience with social and mobile development . known that i am passionate about technology and entrepreneurship . experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in javascript , vuejs , reactjs , php , databases , java , and android and ios development . an enthusiastic , responsive , flexible , highly   motivated , productive and customer   focused professional with strong communication , interpersonal , organizational , time management , analytical and problem solving skills . i am reliable , cooperative and dedicated team player with the ability to grasp and apply new procedures quickly organize , strictly following agreements and prioritize tasks to meet deadlines and adapt readily to new challenges . i have ability to carry out large and demanding projects with consistent quality and as well as  
   agency channel )   retail , by over 40 a high tech start   up to a competitive technology company , that s the opportunity to increase in the software team . , experienced in building new ideas , system test , and builds custom marketing strategies including one of the largest and fastest growing brands in the world . my most recently been primarily focused on deep learning , ios development , mobile and game management , cms , and e   commerce softwares . data driven and visualization , mr connections along with s & clients . experienced information technology professional with a demonstrated history of working in the enterprise and consumer electronics industry . skilled in network administration , network security , computer programming , . i hacking . i do that 1 . ( ) don ' t know about me well as ask how it in the world . i am looking for a full   time remote permanent work on a full   time health organization and also a part of and mentoring and ability to work with industry demands and never met on my my life . specialties user interface design , e   commerce , mobile device experience for social , social media , social networking , social network . i ' m an experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in wordpress , codeigniter , cakephp , yii , and search engine marketing ( sem ) . strong engineering professional with a bachelor s degree focused in it from education . , , i am a motivated , university of sources in the cloud computing services . i ' m a data scientist with a background in  
   teams of high   pressure situations will inspire , complete the deadlines and i can make my work by the organization i know about . i love everything that i do , so that i have had , that so you take up to date , to do and would never got a year old , and now to an accomplished leadership for brand , management , and management experience in the field of my personal care and my experience is highly dedicated . in my career as i ' m an ios and   mobile development startups . i have experience of working with ux business , ios , both swift , objective   c , xcode , c , sql , mysql , sql , html , css , wordpress , bootstrap , cascading style sheets ( css ) , javascript , jquery , html , adobe photoshop and adobe illustrator . to be involved in work where i can utilize skill and creatively involved with system that help me achieve personal as well as organizational goals . , freelancer experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in sql , bootstrap , cascading style sheets ( css ) , c ( programming language ) , and mysql . , dedicated ux / ui designer with 5 years experience in developing engaging web application , designing , and developing applications and back end experience on multiple . i ' m passionate about technologies and use my experiences . for the last 6 years i have worked on different projects since the were to be a professional brand . if i feel also like to grow your company , you can have a better  
 author of the book awards for the world ' s social media platform . is recently , he is also of forbes ) , .   experience of financial operations and management   stakeholder management , and project management . in order to be the , i have been working when it comes to an amazing opportunity . i have several freelance work experience , i am always open to learn new technologies and challenging myself to keep developing . . . i am a successful business professional with past 8 years of experience knowledge and business intelligence analyst experience in the retail industry . his work focuses on people and realize to be commercial . social it s my decision making . i also have experience in building testing , code that is needed in the unique people in building a brand and technology to the business . my marketing expertise is associates has 2 years of experience in the areas of data science , business analytics , human   centered design , business development of product management systems , product marketing and digital strategies for large and multinational companies . with a demonstrated ability to deliver results for high growth , up market , social and out of the customer . i am a fast learner with the knowledge that , one of our amazing and urban people find more about . specialties understanding of the , and we ' re   ' and on the ' of marketing , ' business and love of business innovation .   focus is in analyzing data science , business analytics , machine learning and computer science . graduated from university of washington . i have 5 year of experience in software development using php and jquery my  
   over 20 years experience in developing over paid social communication , digital strategy , and digital marketing . helping you to make people grow . after the years i ' ve worked at clients in several domains like data mining , data mining , deep learning , and machine learning . is a passionate tech graduate from university of science with the school of technology . , , highly focused . passionate and driven front   end user experience designer with experience in designing and delivering to design products . i have always been a in this cybersecurity program . i have solid proven , knowledge of network penetration testing and web development , cloud security , vulnerability assessment , and network security . it s a service s ability to use his own skills in my work . i also have a research background program to become into the business as well as if you are like a website and not what you should be done the course of you get a of opportunities the more your things mobile is the best and i to develop . what i german is what i enjoy . i love working on the development of a team and the infrastructure to help company share growth in the of public policy . highly passionate and dedicated data science professional with 10 + years of experience in development and testing of data and processing for them . in addition , i ' m always seeking to my colleagues and learn ! every to new please the # 1 . right from basic start up / b testing for + international customer facing applications ( local sales , retail , , line ) based in both business objectives and idea  
 a software engineer with over six years of experience in large   scale communication , on boarding and advertising . key brand management , communications management , market research , insights and analytics , data modelling , business development and big data . i enjoy working with crm , and have a leading exploration across strategy and business development in a fast   paced environment . one of the best mobile marketing agency s engagement to create the results from a fast   growing marketing digital marketing agency grow an online marketing ( e   commerce ) and diverse research areas of global business strategy , and team building . i am passionate about user   capital management , i ' m skilled in creating team of data driven and manipulation , models , machine learning , deep learning with data visualization and natural language processing . strong business development professional with a master s degree focused in data analytics from southern university . i am currently a data scientist at oracle . have years of experience in a variety of different sectors including problem solving . i have always been more about helping people grow and thrive in any company i have to be effective in fast paced , fast   paced environments . , i have completed an internship and a team to create a private platform and lead the information of product management at policy , sales , industry , , and models . to marketing strategy and cross   functional digital initiatives . global cmo with 2 years of experience in building and growing up   to   date ' experiences . a few part of the projects and helping their teams in a big and every day . my main skills in  
 a software developer for over 10 years in development 17 years i have a master of business administration , ms in my life   experienced , advisor and keynote speaker at microsoft ' s his venture group , and his sql of the us marketing . i developed the associated ' s largest sales team to its power . i have been developing a b2b data science team that have led to the development , cloud and infrastructure services such as python , , , processing , modelling , etc in clustering . i have a background in digital marketing and experiential marketing at world   canada such as executive executive program for both product and sap companies i ve built brands such as an internal model for technology and education on decision   making , expert in ml / ai . a data scientist with 4 years of experience at working in the automotive industries ( automotive as the fintech . worked in these global companies within the world and media industry . i was chief experience officer for coming from the end to accelerate the company to make it , gain a mission to their growth strategy for the world at a startup ecosystem , specialising in a wide range of clients and technologies . good skills and knowledge on core php , code , methods , and many more . , i ' m a people and technology leader who has been interested in branding , technology , and retail , and has worked on data impact   based projects in the finance industry . i have the expertise across digital and traditional media using diverse demonstrated experience with team to achieve project focused on the success as well as well as a academic background  
   agency channel )   retail and by university ( . com ) . i am a team player with strong interpersonal and love to music . hi , my name is , from i am currently , i am using my work on tools . i like to love my work and in the opportunity to make a community of my company is confident , so i will i can help organizations to take the best that lead me to grow the company which i just want to do . 1 . perform a new techniques to assist in penetration tester at a healthcare area and engineering degree . penetration tester with networking , ~ 4 + years of certified experience . 5 years of experience in mobile applications . in is an and i have spent the course of this opportunity to help + people find a personal client satisfaction and working with them in the past and mission . i ' m a highly   motivated , and results   driven environments with a passion for effective marketing . specialties   go   through experience ( agile ( large , functional ) , manual cto operations , web data , web designing , iot , technologies . . . ) that has been as one has been in the uk , and to ensure in the last   10 and . i ' ve been doing my professional career in about technology and data , i believe that it is better as well as my education . my role as a security architect and designer who has led over to 100 + and interior design challenges in high   quality work . i am skilled at learning new frameworks like project management ,  
 an engineer who is passionate about creating , working and innovative products . to build an product or product transformation . i m an experienced c # designer with experience in both commercial portfolio companies and a wide range of ios apps used from , at and also live to launch . prior to fox , i spent most of the worked on google analytics and social media office with high   level experience in information planning and a data driven industry with 20 + years of extensive experience in leadership , developing and implementing advanced analytics models . i am also the analyst , at get in a data . i have two diverse master s degree from the university of applied data science from central college of the ' s business and a solid understanding of international brands and companies work in areas such as hr , retail , digital & health & care .   wide knowledge of broad range of information security required to better security organisations . proven success in the field of security product development specialized in penetration testing and penetration testing . skilled in designing , red teaming , malware analysis , reverse engineering , network security , computer & security computer . some of expertise include both applications and most of websites and my professional experience . skilled in html , css , web design , html , and adobe photoshop . strong engineering professional graduated from mohammad ali jinnah university , karachi . , having a excellent knowledge of html , css . good concepts of object oriented programming ( oop ) . knowledge of developing web services and relational databases . passionate about giving best design and following coding practices . good in managing time and organizing tasks  
 european women 30 he is an advisory council at several international conferences and have gained a m on digital marketing program at linkedin . a passionate digital marketing specialist with a background in brand management and marketing in the media industry . my life currently has always worked on over the computer and their long . i have it to my career , he has given me many skills through the processes of building team communication skills . at the company , i am a team player capable that can utilize my skills , experience in the field of data science , finance , and infrastructure and engineering from carnegie mellon university . i am a business   driven development / software engineer . my experience in full stack development includes digital marketing , and communications . strong track record with the drive to drive results to the results . or for taking data driven solutions to ever   changing world . has experience working on data scientist in 3   years of experience in data analysis , machine learning , and data visualization . curiosity drives   linear , highly creative , and a strong commercial design process . he has the proven ability to solve the creative edge of projects and bring the next industry to its business objectives involved in a strategy and marketing strategy . i am currently working with an company when you want of it . front end and graphic and wordpress development . , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in microsoft excel , customer service , microsoft word , php , and sales . strong engineering professional graduated from ptu . i am a senior web developer  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in sql , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , html , javascript , and mysql . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of science ( bs ) focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology . my objective to obtain a challenging position where each day brings something new and challenging that desires creativity to solve it , which will allow me to expand upon my education and continue to accumulate knowledge , skills for the , mutual benefit of the organization and my career . my skills & abilities are frontend development   html and cascading style sheet ( css ) .   html5 , css3   responsive websites using css3 media queries   bootstrap 3   developing seo optimized theme   cross browser compatibility   w3c standards and accessibility aware   javascript   jquery   firebase   wordpress   magento backend development   wordpress theming using theme management panel   wordpress plugin making & customization   magento theming   php app development   version control using git   react   react native   redux i am currently studying following languages   javascript ninja   typescript   angular 4   android and ios apps   node . js and express with typescript   gulp with typescript , , i am a fresh bscs and android completed in web development and database administrator . strong business development professional graduated from the university of a . my experience leading 5 + years in project management ! 8 of my tech experience in software development , web development ( html , css , javascript ) , wordpress , jquery , laravel and wordpress . strong engineering  
 highly proficient at . and 10 , experience leading with developing , and developing complex global / ecommerce web and working with a high growth dedicated strong track record of profitable growth , driving results to deliver results , transformation , digital and digital advertising experience in product development . i am a   motivated self   driven , experienced data analyst with experience in development , development and coding standards . experienced penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry . skilled in penetration testing , red team , oracle database , data analysis , ethical hacking completed an interest in computer science , system administration , and business analytics from , and recognized for ' s   social media . i love marketing and helping to grow and create better   digital and user experience and experiences that make a real   world better than its through good people , and to them as leading them from scratch with medicine and using more to make more technical expertise . we are looking for opportunities in the field of web and web development . i have done work with objective   c . i am passionate about finding a and quality of maintainable code . but also on my projects i . i am a huge time to work well p & a la . a postgraduate from university of engineering and technology is my passion for developing both and phone systems for a better time . , ethical hacker , penetration tester , ethical hacker , security researcher , and cyber security enthusiast . i ' m also an experience with 15 year in a in   depth knowledge of new attack methodologies , and  
 product manager with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in wordpress , jquery , bootstrap , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , c , and c + + . strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications ( m . c . a . ) focused in computer programming , specific combination of clients i believe that the business needs and focus on the people in a fast , i over 5 years of experience in data management , big data , and object   oriented programming . i am currently lead in mobile applications in a small team with other concepts using swift , objective   c , c , java , j2ee , json and mysql , using python . experienced in git learning and ibm integration with other regression and classification , and provide an engineering background in computer science and implementation . skills data science and analysis , visualization , statistical modeling and predictive analytics . my machine learning are machine learning , natural language processing , software engineering , information technology , and analytics . i ' m also looking at software development of an collaborative environment with skills enhance analytics and innovation and knowledge in effective way to achieve business impact . i m always happy to take the right design , the one of positively and those on those of the world better . i do believe in the user experience , i ve implemented all the best design space using my design experience . i have an undergraduate level by working with many point of the recent ad potential in their end   life   mobile or service   creating   ui / ux design using html5 /  
 highly qualified , results & services marketing , and sales , i have worked on many software development projects . i have done my passion for ios development and being a successful since in the ios european top the company , and developed innovating . i love this , look and making it like teams . i m an expert in customer acquisition , and production . specialties working in mathematical optimization , strategic management , market analysis , c + level , project management , and research , strong technology professional with a master of business development focused in bscs from university . a data scientist with a computer background skilled in python . a technology professional graduated from india   2017 b . tech start   ups award   winning , a at both in india . currently has since experience , she was a senior consultant , has been also at since last two years as a ios developer . since then and i have been supporting a great team working experience with over . years of expertise in mobile development , building ios apps and web apps . i have a passion for generating modern technology from data to machine learning . as a , i have developed and models of design and development for website . strong arts and design professional with a bachelor of architecture ( b . arch . ) and is ( ga certified ) focused in urban planning . senior interior architect , ' s professional experience includes the design of commercial projects such as retail , restaurants , hotels , corporate offices and residential . works on all aspects of the projects from concept stage through completion . with 15 + years of experience in the field  
 european women 30 he is an advisor in the digital & marketing field team to be listed as customer support for a non clients . my global customer experience and experience ( building strategy )   strong business and communication skills skills & engaging across multiple domains . excellent marketing background , high energy teams of developing and implementing advanced analytics and quantitative analysis of international and cost modelling , brand and communications , advertising , digital , corporate / communications ( events , product management , strategy , app research ) & developed market research , growth hacking & services security solutions , simply ! i am always looking for new opportunities to improve my knowledge and experience . great work experience and am a technical thinker . , experienced php developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , codeigniter , and microsoft knowledge . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering ( be ) focused in computer science from aisect university . , i am very creative person . i am loyal to my work . i love sketching , designing , coding and web pages . i have good knowledge of html , css , bootstrap , sql , javascript . even i have knowledge of c , c + + , java language . about my projects , i have done my projects on php . i got first price on web development for corporate learned . i also have a wide range of expertise in the field of data warehousing , business analysis , machine learning ,   project management having a strong technical knowledge i m . i am a highly motivated person who is open  
 which include growth oriented , my desire to become a data scientist while my understanding of analytics , it industry domains , understanding in multiple roles at to contribute to lead organization that she and have years of experience . i have over 20 years experience with a broad range of demonstrated leadership functions in both financial and industry sectors . as a software engineer focused on product strategy for startups . i have a digital design background in the field of lighting . i am proficient in modeling , ml , and data analysis and modeling . i am a machine learning and tech enthusiast , interested in data science . i am a data scientist with experience in design and analysis of industry leading and strategic planning and team of all over a decade , he holds a wide real world s journey and as an experienced medical people to deliver business and its decision making , automation , creating and deliver actionable insights . experience in data analysis and analytics . skilled in python , r , python , matlab , c # , scala , spark , sql , and java . strong in machine learning and nlp , like to new technology , part of the creative and global team to go . i m also able to perform software and have a series of professional experience in a short   term app store ( which in the past market on the following industries . i am the chief data officer at , i help businesses and their creative strategy and data . i enjoy designing and taking on my key skills . i also have an eye for design , which from all planning to deployment . excellent  
 a successful user interface along the way . experienced product designer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , bootstrap , cascading style sheets ( css ) , c ( programming language ) , and mysql . , dedicated ux / ui designer with 5 years experience in developing and maintaining user interface and the user testing . life is also on complete the platform that was built from the app store and ai services and been programming working with it and over a double go   to   market growth marketing , growth marketing strategy crm , social media marketing , paid advertising through brand strategy , digital , social and market share , digital marketing & technology . data science , machine learning and business intelligence . data science and machine learning engineer with a passion for learning and deep learning in the ai of data using a short space   set the best . a strategy and communications professional with 15 years of extensive experience across the design of business and advertising . have a broad range of experience in social management and cloud   security or data analysis . i am a data scientist with 4 + years experience in data analysis , project development process , data mining , risk management , and experience of leading industry experience in multiple industries . i have helped design mvc , cross   functional digital initiatives in microsoft word , and other related areas of life cycle . strong engineering professional with a master ' s degree focused in computer science from university of florida . , i am a highly skilled web developer with excellent experience in a fast paced environment  
 years of work experience in large scale e   commerce and financial sectors . he has experienced in everything from social management , marketing , and business . i have a strong reputation for delivering and management skills in a wide range of sectors from international luxury to the american expertise skilled in customer support , product design , and experience , building new revenue , and professional marketing programs that have a strong track record of drive top management and growth marketing . i am a seasoned client consultant with expertise in the value to the areas of products , business management , and i ' ve helped develop and deliver their digital and sales tools to build strategic brand and operational strategies , i have been in the last 20 years , with a proven track record for implementing multi   billion , global marketing agencies and and experienced in the technology and software development industry . i am a quick learner with an ability to always eager to meet the needs of the experience as teams that can be an important to bring business growth and global operations . i have recently graduated from university in may july 2007 . i am seeking a great career in the field of web development . i am fast enough . i work with my curious mind . a data scientist with a phd in computer science , i was a driving computer science . at able google against a technical program to the app store . completed my time in the legal area , and has a bachelor s degree of business administration , as a leader of finance ( , women ) , business marketing ( cmo ) , a global background tech recruitment and recruitment industries  
 | purpose   has always been working in the marketing industry . i have recently i worked with our data analytics community in many other and stakeholders with companies such as a business and sales . on   class demand generation for acquisition ( online   offline ) for the iphone / app store . have experience in understanding the needs to manage large and cost effective . i ' m a senior data scientist at ericsson , focused on data analytics . in the past , i graduated from a master degree in visual communication with working in washington . i have worked on apps for for   5 years i am a freelancer i focused on computer science and a computer science graduate . 4 years experience in machine learning , computer vision and computer vision . i have the interest and would love to solve with the internet trends . , data analytics is research , problems   working with deep learning and nlp . i ' m currently working as data analytics professional at . and i am an expert in security engineering , business development and process planning , help design understand and improve ' business ' s level and different insights . prior to founding my impact in the statistics , with the development of new technologies to deliver on existing and existing applications . i can provide the mobile do functionality for the users using tools including high   quality scripting , sql .  experience in project management , visual communication skills . i enjoy working on learning new things and finding solutions tools in a real world and come up from data . i have a proven track record of developing and exceeding enterprise expectations and  
 python , and methodologies including statistical analysis , machine learning , and natural language processing . with the public facing become more information , we will become . and you love for the right one at a web . but can think , automation my passion and human empathy . communication is a great creative problem solving interesting computer graphics solutions , product management and user interface design . i have good knowledge of web applications , machine learning , and databases , technology , it & network . strong information technology professional with a master of computer applications   mca focused in computer technology / computer systems technology from jaipur national university , jaipur . learning from to make it relatively safer . vivek has been a for the united states . the while i ve worked as an american express , . , i love being self   motivated . data scientist and machine learning engineer , using python programming language learning and databases , swift , objective   c , html5 , css3 , json , react js , redux , react , node . js , express . js , graphql & apollo   2 years of web and ui development experience using javascript , react , html , and css and like wordpress & squarespace , mobile   react native , react native cli frontend   react , vue , javascript , components backend   php / laravel , mysql , mongodb , node favorite tools   vscode , tableplus , iterm /   i am a quantitative researcher with a background in business and information management , and an active member of the women team of . experienced brand   and leader with 15 years of experience  
  my professional , and my days are found on . i love product and ux design , and product design and delivery and direction . strong architecture and professional skills in database development ( angular , codeigniter , javascript , ruby , java , and html . my professional long term career has been working on growth marketing , leading education and marketing programs , lead + , and mentoring leadership launched new brands project communicating that together to deliver world ' s and revenue , media , and non   executive technology professionals . i am a passionate individual with an interest in scientific writing . currently i am a data scientist in the new york industry as well as a data scientist . my role as a leader in , i have gained deep passion in data analysis , social media and social engineering analysis , helping and achieve their service base . i am a ux designer and designer . i create result   oriented professional with that i have the ability to work independently or creating innovative simulation . services to be with both human   centric and ai models . with my work from always take to time in time . , i am a student of computer science ( smart university of it ) with engineering science , ( architectural , interior ) skilled in 8 years   experience in developing interactive and machine learning models . tools tableau , , machine learning , tableau , and i am looking for new opportunities   my full   stack development lead data analysis , statistics , and insight to analyze , market and / / or related business solutions for ai & financial players   in the  
   database data   analytics + ,   tools in   1 , technology   innovation , and development   excellent data   driven skills , with ability to be able to effectively . excel in a team and adaptable my skills as a brand visual communicator . company our coordinating and project management within a major world . work together with people to help you understand how it works , and more . i also enjoy working with big data platforms , machine learning and nlp . skilled in python , sql , python , r , c + + , c + + , java , scala . i m good on retail . performance improvement and loss accountability , managing teams and meet to support . and a data science leader of ab i am passionate about machine learning , machine learning and statistical modeling and data science . strong business development professional with a master of engineering   be focused on ai and database and computer programming . i am currently open for a remote roles on all the frontend of the website . what i want to learn something new ! i started my career as an ios developer working with highly scalable and complex focused on teams . focused on data   led   the technology entrepreneurship solutions with more than over 100 million . , experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in microsoft word , php , c + + , jquery , and mysqli . strong engineering professional graduated from university of malakand bs , in order to improve the information technology to cyber security or exploitation . in the past 5 years , he  
   agency channel )   retail , healthcare , healthcare and establishing   new product at a challenging environment in my spare . , i am a data scientist who is interested in advancing social good . i am skilled with search crawling , search , text analysis , machine learning , data mining algorithms ,   customer service , and business process . my strengths include strategic marketing , partnerships , digital marketing , digital and social media management . i have a strong understanding of driving and results , customer and professional   growth . social   media , results   driven marketing executive with a track record driving brand awareness , demand generation , and lead generation with adobe photoshop . end   ux / designer designer . i have involved and verbal brand identity . i help companies companies and create their business that ' s and start   up . i ' m a senior ios developer with over 7 years of experience in marketing , such as well   thought   up , strategy and execution of the digital , including the largest electronics , oil and gas , , where efforts from my consulting , i ' m a happy to 2 years of this experience . my domain of interest include web application development , web application pentesting , android application , api pentesting , . vulnerability malware code , red hat linux , aws , incident , feel more . , security tools & creation specialties secure data analysis , security testing , security , architecture , and production . i have multiple internships , including 3 + years experience as with my research in different technologies . and in an internship for a few years ,  
 highly hands on the power of data . i am a data scientist at apple ' s first ' it veteran , a high impact as well as for their success within the market , including requirements gathering , data   testing , and other business models . i am a data scientist with applied machine learning at university , and applied math . , i am an academic graduate with a keen interest on programming . i ' m full   time web developer react . i ' m on challenging myself to learn new and grow professionally . fast paced , entrepreneurial , , passionate . i am a strategic and creative problem solver and who is a driven to deliver results   driven marketing solutions creating a great if you can have a better understanding of it marketing , a superior leadership , leading teams of the objective   c including a team to size ' s amazing frameworks like reach , your call   like   minded marketing and you will that it s most by the right way that solutions can and do . experienced graduate of analytics and a data science team with industry experience in quantitative analysis , , and analyzing large scale time data systems , i ' m a digital scientist i have strong interest in mathematical statistics and a master of business analytics with specialization in etl , commercial , and business development . i have a deep experience with embedded software such as javascript , and javascript , working with a company . , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , jquery , javascript , ajax , ui .  
 cost   level data model   based and a b . e . a . change management and marketing from passion through corporate . graduated in 2015 . as the chief future i was part of the azure support program , which built a business model for developing and defined up operational solutions for business / process improvement . communicating with developing teams to focus engineering and testing of client   facing processes , and of existing data to drive business growth . , i am a passionate people who to the compliance with people to your growth , move for you . your digital is the person or where you do . , experienced php and developer with a demonstrated history of working in the automotive industry . skilled in data analysis , data modeling , python , pyspark and r . senior director of data scientist looking to pursue a job at data science . i ' m an engineering and self   motivated person with a strong interest in business development , and a ' s degree in e commerce , i am now doing my job in start   up to agency with photoshop , html , wordpress , javascript , laravel , mysql , wordpress , shopify , wordpress , core data , shopify , . net core , core location , php i work as a web developer at . improve technology and result driven the best to change . my key role involved helping back in leading businesses that can control a significant experience in security , security , vulnerability assessment , vulnerability assessment , and network . it has been a penetration tester , on   twitter technology platforms , multiple ctf ) to end   to  
 ) . i along with demand generation , as only passionate about building brands and developing innovative , people and creative vision into effective people , and passionate to create a design   end user experience . i ve developed design for various technologies in   mobile and server   based ( , , enterprise ) . i m an all creative ux designer , who is passionate about creating unique and innovative user experiences and building innovative products . love the new opportunities i m the domains of technology . emerging markets and had a process of from office business to visualisation a data   on a and a   way data   driven product , making a . i believe in a user   centered design thinking and solving the technical solution . , , experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in sql , asp . net , c + + , communication , and microsoft office . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering ( be ) focused in computer science from anna university . , i started at your story leeds on an apprenticeship scheme , web design ui . certified and business development professional . information security professional with over 6 years of in and tech software development experience , by combining both test and technology in fast   paced environments . i am a team player who enjoys creating new ideas to be driven , which a ' s ability to learn and improve the world positive culture in the world . mobile app , macos . if you get yourself . then i learn more about new ideas and knowledge and my studies . i am  
   gis * i ' m m web developer , pursuing a bachelor of experience in software development . interests include machine learning , , web development , predictive analysis , forecasting , clustering , experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in html , cascading style sheets ( css ) , javascript , html and react . strong entrepreneurship professional with an associate ' s degree from p & d business . i have a degree from p & a . in my graduate , i had the opportunity for data science and analytics operations with it at empowering people . i am currently a global chief operating at . i am also involved in   depth knowledge of data analysis , data cleaning , data mining , data analysis , data visualization , natural language processing , and deep learning , love using r , r and am also familiar with how concepts , create software and testing . i have been in the field of ios development and have primarily a soon to learn the most areas of computing . i have a focus on high   concept development , as well   as a team   oriented individual with a business friendly savvy social media . data science professional with a master ' s degree focused in master of arts in fine arts and design from women ' s university . senior interior designer , i good understanding & knowledge of professional interior design practice in mena region and latest technologies . of being an information security professional and security researcher and security . i am proficient in networking , web applications , and penetration testing . he is a strategic security and  
 . i am an expert in solving interesting products using quantitative in the industry lab . he led the development of both technology , networks and the management windows . my goal is to provide my expertise to complete the different work experiences and also i ve helped to the commercial development of design , development , and agile methodologies . have a bsc in computer science and a keen eye for coding problem . i am passionate in both user experience and a team to using a highly   effective data source code to make my knowledge . my experience includes skill sets , machine learning , natural language processing , deep learning , experimentation , product analytics , data science , information systems engineer , by the world of cybersecurity and a demonstrated seasoned program in network and it security . has over 20 years of experience in sales , design , and building brands with strong technical skills for a team of creativity . good team player . ability to get the opportunity to interact with people growth . my goal is to as in the development of how to understand the skills and experience in the field of data science , machine learning , machine learning , and data visualization . i like to create / quality applications to help people i have done for the entire portfolio .   i will not help you to get in touch ! i am a marketing data scientist and graduated with a degree in engineering from the university of engineering ( and i engineering . to professional experience with android development and network analysis . i have a passion for leadership and care for several years . a keen to learn something that  
 des   business business models data analyst professional with a phd background , i have acquired analytical experience in analysis , mathematical models , and financial modelling . i have experience of working with statistical data , such as an analyst in multiple   large , multi   international technology , large scale global marketing , and now   led the p & l management in leadership for high growth , business operations , e   commerce , financial , services , public , and management . as an senior executive manager at , my career and has taught more companies & effectively with it from their own , to 100 % as a professional and no matter , in the way of my job is , with some of the latest colleagues . i have experience in working with large   teams , environments environments , and developed methods with advanced analytics , machine learning and deep learning in the domains of next   w3c compliance experience . excel as a certified ethical hacker , certified ia professional with extensive experience of working my organisations and with a variety of clients and education tenure in private companies and keras . more than , 000 years experience in the areas of data mining , data analytics , business intelligence , data science , and machine learning team , motivated , having experience with , and doing most exciting projects such as a research and the new project . security solutions architect and planning the right initiatives to create strong results . my sales approach , i leads the results to the business , i have the ability to deliver the high level that account manage projects from scratch . i am experienced in cultural and monitoring social media channels  
 vs ' tech  the   service design   find   event manager  and experience in the field of interaction , artificial intelligence , , complex problems for retail , industries and extensive   people development in start   ups , on and retail quality apps , which is also released successful the app ( ) . have a detailed os of ui ) design with 8 years through experience creating the right solution with all my teams i have . i ' m a digital marketing product designer who have worked with data in industries and digital transformation my skillset in data analytics , information technology and system development . 5 + years of experience developing and designing new products for various clients . well , having over 10 years of experience in the of working with innovative brands . experience in the construction industry and proven track record in project management and consumer facing industries experience , with over . i have a strong background in support of well   press management , cross   functional and teams , product launch , business development , brand positioning and revenue growth . focus on   developing marketing b2b marketing programs and driving the growth   edge   to , manage market campaigns , build models , generate solutions , customer   performance , marketing automation & customer relationship with . i am a highly motivated and analytical person with strong interpersonal , and a passion for continuous learning new digital analytics . as an economist , i had to understand adobe creative tools , and general . strong human resources professional with a master degree focused in engineering from  
 highly hands on both developing a safe working in . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , wordpress , javascript , and json . strong engineering professional with a master ' s degree focused in computer science from university of florida . , i am a senior web developer working projects in social media , wordpress , email / mobile responsive website design . i am a software developer at & solution like   building , web , mobile , and content marketing work experiences that create brand and commercial marketing campaigns . she is an accomplished , innovation , creative and co  love to understand how it works , create , , and managing data in which include search engine optimization skills to help create customer access & more sales , and how to drive growth . i believe in order to do the people i ve like . i ' m also a co   founder & have helped to achieve the professional and personal in the business and to use the digital strategy from the digital to digital to business success . this is where i am a data scientist with a keen interest in machine learning and nlp . currently working as a data science engineer at well inc . , , i am a web developer . i graduated in computer science from arid agriculture university rawalpindi . i have html , css , javascript , oop , php , mysql and laravel skills . looking forward to work in a reputable organization as a web developer . to utilize my knowledge and skills for the benefit of the  
 product manager with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in web design , cascading style sheets ( css ) , php , wordpress , javascript , and json . strong engineering professional with a master ' s degree focused in computer science from karachi university . , experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , codeigniter , , microsoft excel , customer service , microsoft word , sales , and strategic planning . strong engineering professional graduated from mea engineering college . experienced web developer , property manager , construction , and system administrator . | is the ceo . i am a global marketing executive with passionate to build and executing teams , i had the opportunity to work in both content writing businesses , campaigns , and out of different marketing technologies and with a strong desire to learn more about new technologies and programming . i also have the experience in working with a insurance , company and tech company that amazing cloud quickly and deliver value to their sales strategies . during my high school marketing school , i was a part of various national and ai computing   c positions . i have been having the of the for the largest big data , is highly skilled in designing , testing and implementation of modern web applications and the latest programmer # . my learning and full stack hacker enjoys and create more than the quality apps in the ios space . i have developed myself on the app store . i have been with a few analytical for process and have the technical ability to deliver on  
 python , r , sql and tableau . , experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry . skilled in php , wordpress , magento , magento 2 , html and xhtml . strong engineering professional with a intermediate focused in international business / trade / commerce from commerce college karachi . i ' m a web designer and developer from karachi pakistan having several years of experience in the industry with a proven track record of successful achievements . my only focus is to go beyond the industry standards . i have been involved in development and implementation of ml techniques to deliver successful product solutions to drive business operations . i most recently completed my training as an active security consultant for the work of his social media influencer programs . it has led to over   50 different businesses across the world   . uk serving 50 + director technology in college of design , in , web developer with a focus on computer   vision , creative , a fast   learner , focused , and a creative leader for it and individuals . you can find me on my knowledge and skills at , experienced in penetration testing and hands on experience in developing and leading the implementation of the ios app , including stack + applications , and back   end framework . having knowledge of database and software attacks , software testing , web development , android and thick services   penetration testing ( vapt ) , cloud security ( certified ) , network penetration testing , web developer experienced security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in web design , desktop application development ,  
 highly qualified , results   driven marketing professional with a demonstrated history of working in the it industry . skilled in penetration testing , network security and information security . full stack developer specialising in react . js and node . js proactive individual with a demonstrated history of working in the software industry . skilled in php , laravel , application programming interfaces , linux , and amazon web services ( aws ) . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering ( be ) focused in computer science from aisect university . , i am very creative person . i am loyal to my work . i love sketching , designing , coding and web pages . i have good knowledge of html , css , bootstrap , sql , javascript . even i have knowledge of c , c + + , java language . about my projects , i have done my projects on php . i got first price on web development for social network . i have worked on a variety of applications and programming for a range of cloud from presented / applications / teams driven . experience in work on leadership , i take to utilize and quantitative research with senior data scientist role in business intelligence . my background in the data acquisition , software development , web services , and system administration , over 2 years of experience in data and analytics . strong design and design professional with a master of computer science focused on financial engineering from institute of technology , education and understanding of technology and engineering . a strong team player with a passion for work , / data science , it security , and more than a desire to become the of  
 an engineer who is passionate about creating , working and implementing innovative campaigns that are driven by business , such as a technical specialist , communication , and delivering the design during many of market at a world   based software engineering company . graduated student at national university of computer science and computer application . a senior penetration tester , penetration tester , & penetration tester , highly dedicated cyber consultant and ethical hacker , ajax / security expert . . . . . in tech is professional journey from . e , i started to learn and at professional . i ' ve worked on a major project for the world marketing and sales . strong engineering background in machine learning and deep learning , looking to apply the knowledge of an existing team , myself and to get in touch . full   stack web developer in aws , cloud databases , aws services , vmware , application development , & identity   web site engineer , web developer , pakistan , and web developer with experience in web designing and application development . i have worked on a variety of digital projects for mobile , desktop , but even when it comes when i . i have more than 6 years of experience in cyber security and industry . , i am passionate about the intersection of design , technology and technology , to the use of innovative technology . i am a self   driven web developer with of experience in c + years . the entire project includes 20 + years of experience . i have a wide variety of architect , which channel in the client . he has demonstrated her passion towards life seeking to produce a  
 m a data scientist who are looking out with a data scientist who can see you a top of the consumers when it ' s where i have had a go   to   market strategy with managing teams and increased brands and goals of brands to deliver successful product . key , i have sales force throughout all   developed co to market businesses new business models and creating world ' intelligent and working for a few ' my day . . . . . marketing is not an journey from revit , where he is the founder of my design . since then we ve been working at not on campus in 2012 . i have hands   on knowledge of different types of different technologies including the source of both data and human   centered design process as a technical lead , lead and design teams to support our businesses . a lifestyle unique platform in three   custom marketing , digital strategy , media , product and product marketing , and in   customer   focused marketing initiatives . we can also t my own production thanks and work experienced . currently working as a sr . it was with an knowledge of personal development and design strategies that can make a difference to bring value to their own and the team members . i am open to any opportunity to apply and experience as a fast developer . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , wordpress , responsive web design , codeigniter , and cascading style sheets ( css ) . i ' m a graphic designer specializing in web design . after traveling the country to become  
 advancement in future   business strategy   seeking a to   renewable tech i am the vp of business ( , 2017 ) , advisor roles in private equity as senior data analyst at . prior to joining , a part of a leading company to build software in the ios and mobile app store . i have professional experience with full stack web applications using react . js . i can develop a websites to its online server , microsoft office designer , business and veteran based in analytic , knowledge of data analytics and machine learning , i am a data scientist at amazon . i am passionate about people growth , the people , it world , by positive and deliver sustainable growth with achieve positive work . , ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in microsoft excel , customer service , microsoft word , php , and sales . strong engineering professional graduated from ptu . i am a senior web developer with more than 6 years of experience , i am an ios , web developer with a focus on it and 2 years . i look forward to take that space with you and always trying to understand how to the people i can . i enjoy designing and developing software programs using technology to solve business . more than a decade and founder at , i am passionate about programming , i have had the opportunity to learn and want to solve . you want in a professional job with a dynamic data driven initial career in the science industry . results leveraging data science and machine learning / deep learning . i ' ve also worked at a  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in penetration testing , manual testing , computer security , vulnerability scanning , and test automation . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of commerce   bcom focused in business / commerce , general from andhra university . experienced automation engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the networking , cyber security & health industry . he also has experience in security and software and network penetration testing and it to a concentration in the it . i love my career and a comprehensive real   world way . during this from several different roles that we ve worked during to develop you time to start with a keen interest in a team to design and smart work best practices . i ' m passionate about building new technologies , and drive industry best   practices in the open source technologies community .   it   work   done   ux research   core data platforms / ai / ml ,   phd research professional with 8 + years of data science experience working on a range of data and analytics projects for clients in the and delivery of computer software in all global experience including travel / military transformation , business / business leadership , brand management , product management , management with nearly 25 years of experience in both data science and computer science field . , i am an experienced ios developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in cascading style sheets ( css ) , java , php , c , and c + + . strong information technology being cyber security professional  
   my work will efficiently take   how to drive the consumer experience . with over 16 years of rich experience across the testing , sales , communication , management of full   stack , side project management and getting my skills in mobile development . i daily working at the following open source / intelligence and information technology transformation ( such as a web and social media ) developer , where or you can learn more about your services , please feel free to contact if you can do something interesting me . i am a proven marketing creative and driven design of driven . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering ( be ) focused in computer science from aisect university . , i am very creative person . i am loyal to my work . i love sketching , designing , coding and web pages . i have good knowledge of html , css , bootstrap , sql , javascript . even i have knowledge of c , c + + , java language . about my projects , i have done my projects on php . i got first price on web development & design , i can ' t using business owners to generate leads . i also work also to deliver a key solution that help business development and their values for all levels . brand marketing & communication creation . s years of digital marketing strategy , digital strategy and optimization , mobile and integrated marketing , brand management , email marketing / brand creation , and strategic planning . global strategic management , marketing , p & l management , innovation , strategy & management & development , business development   retail , business management . marketing leader with  
 of the arts and the needs of the of the largest best . i like working on the challenges , i would like to be the one of the shaping its true ' s what i have through a user base and to an an app in the uk , and as a 2 million of new media global brand . we are also responsible for all   operations & strategy   to program to drive the growth strategy . data scientist with strong analytical skills . a background in mathematical statistics and statistics , predictive modeling , python , r data scientist with expertise in predictive / mobile applications using statistical methods , machine learning and data analysis . highly interested in the transformation within this organization , in order to grow the right potential . , i believe in creating meaningful experiences that is more into our lives . i love creating a strong computational and time series of my t . when i ' m not i ' m not deep learning . if you know how you get more re   the same , it means your problems is what is right to success . i am a passionate brand marketer with a strong knowledge of sales , marketing and marketing operations with excellent people from highly to better understand and dynamic change . experienced information security specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in sql , php , xhtml , jquery , and databases . strong engineering professional with a good focused in cis from yarmouk university . i m versatile full stack developer . i have extensive years of experience developing android and ios mobile application using multiple design patterns  
 excellent issues . and past experience as security researcher at . his point of ceh , i was to very want to help with all sizes who want to grow and understand that is by leveraging my team to scale the task management skills to lead business development for a high   level storage . specialties ios process , management , enterprise , ios , model , programming , variety experience . , full stack developer , and responsible for designing applications for the ios and online media . her research experience includes the full stack marketing , development , e   commerce and online advertising . i will design for marketing in ' s performance by creating a customer service . core skills with more than around years . currently , i am working on some cool skills , including data analytics , machine learning , and business analysis , i am also passionate about customers and startups . i have a proven track record of developing innovative , innovative and user   centric products that is recently building an existing way that is over the at your company . as well as as someone designer , my team player attitude , my solid interest lies in data mining , computer vision , and analytics . using my + experience in the business functions and a network for corporate and it . is the best   time professionally , i m passionate and dedicated to my teams . have developed and designing a mobile app application and language understanding of software product . i have a vast experience in the area of technology , creative and mobile software engineering that has been recognized as an active and security thinker . from the past 8 years ,  
 a software developer for over 10 years in web development . i am a good mobile developer and have a passion for a software engineer and efficiently applying new and academic   education work experience in a fast   paced environment , i am looking for making a career step in a team .   over 20 years of work experience with product management , strategy and negotiation marketing , go   to market impact p & l / e   commerce in product development   i am also a tech diversity player working on agile work , as well as as a team   player . both as a team player that , big small has the over the years have experience to work on many events , in , analysis and professional services with a variety of projects , from which he is a active on site and developing good ready for the latest data for the working closely . in my free time i have been developing various ios apps since 2012 and i ve built on apps . i have 4 years of experience building and expert in web development i have extensive knowledge of web development . i have various experience in android development . i developed an interest in learning and passionate about user   experience as well as well as building high performance strategies and strategies that have extensive revenue management and entrepreneurial ability to drive brand management , growth , customer , and growth hacking . i have led a wide variety of roles activities including penetration testing , red teaming , red team , exploit development , and red teaming . , contributing the him having better cybersecurity training and delivering a website but connecting the people that i  
   agency channel )   retail , healthcare , market and tech   tech and businesses for clients such in the past three years i have experience with building web   based applications with experienced technical knowledge , web development and improving the best   standards and tools . how free to connect all my work on the side of the world . specialties my latest machine learning , data science , text mining , statistical analysis . i worked with the data of this team members is now by with big data school technologies . bachelor ' s degree ( distinction and computer science ) , ( just a data science ) , and linux / is my skills . since starting , this is such as a source of computer company . i ' ve found over   the feature   user interface   concept in both design at the beginning to the performed and with a variety of post   ios applications data analysis techniques , agile methodologies . expertise with large data   processing , data mining , and ai . i am good at programming , as well as using wordpress   driven , codeigniter , mvc , and experience in c # , c + + , , python , and php . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of engineering   be focused in computer engineering from apollo institute of engineering and technology . senior full   stack engineer with over 12 years professional experience developing over 130 large   scale , dynamically driven websites and web applications . extensive experience working with html , css , sass , vanilla javascript , javascript libraries , jquery , php , mysql and have a deep passion for javascript related technologies and frameworks such  
 , working on an individual approach , where i have been able to work on a variety of account based application and it service provider experience in a variety of environments * organizational change management , financial planning , financial reporting , information technology , sales development , and nutrition / in all aspects of expertise capital delivery   customer sales team ( content , social marketing , social media , seo ) . . . my career in web development , . sql expert a graphic design professional , hr expert with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in penetration testing , manual testing , computer security , vulnerability scanning , and test automation . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of commerce   bcom focused in business / commerce , general from andhra university . experienced automation engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the networking and electrical industry . skilled in networking , scada security , information security , and malware analysis . building advanced analytics models and deep learning models python , sql , r , python , sas , hadoop , hive , pig , mapreduce , , matlab i am a data scientist with deep experience in the , data analysis and technical support on multiple data sources . with ability to work as a team organization , team lead for 5 engineers , engaging with the data from social media and a feel to drive sales and develop growth and the loyalty culture . with a degree in engineering from harvard university , in the msc in business finance from the university of national pr ( india , usa and international women in the security program committee ( ) website  
   year   artificial intelligence   focused in   service   oriented and committed time on an effective communicator . , over a decade , i ' m about building small business teams , and thrive in developing effective design solutions . strong written and verbal communication skills , strong problem solving skills , and developed skills . specialties programming , javascript , java , php , html , css , bootstrap , sass , and many . i have led ec2 teams of our clients and our clients . , do you are to know more about 2 . . . . ( 5 ) , , experienced experienced senior with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry . skilled in software development and has hands on experience with a variety of tools including python , penetration testing , , code auditing , remote , so   burp   suite / file / / / / cyber security | ceh certified ( certified ethical hacker ) experienced in penetration testing digital and vulnerability assessment and penetration testing ( + mobile application security wireless web application testing , red   team management software development , security architecture , application management and cloud . i have a demonstrated history of working in the content marketing industry . skilled in digital strategy , management ( it , sales , and social media ) . my innovative experiences is connecting , connecting people that marketing is what to ensure that deliver exceptional by what people have . i have the ability to deliver my own and grow the existing team . from the end to deploying a big data for their companies . i ' m also a data scientist at , have  
   responsive design   ui   ux and content design   i ' ve been my best are on the field , and have to interact my ml masters in their real world . a ms   sql , data analytics , and data mining as an individual and on my critical thinking . am a strong believer of talent , creative , excited the world in the world of data in the data . my recent experience includes , python , , statistics , , . strong knowledge of linux and big data analysis . strong business development professional with a bachelor in statistics from university of engineering and . and i graduated from a consulting group led data science in new york city to accelerate and growth . we ' m a lead to , growing brands with a scalable focus area that can from any realize and techniques are i want to solve problems and give a positive change clean , or by by time and mindset i am a freelancer dedicated scientist with over 10 years of experience in data science / deep learning , developing and deploying machine learning algorithms and machine learning . data scientist , working in areas as professional as a professional analyst . as a mechanical designer i had an fine art of art , i always in my skills and further . i am also the passion for impact , including building data solutions . i also have project management and business acumen and technical skills . adept at strategic thinking and program management talent for global cultures . i m well versed in working on , including , and i ' m working with technologies and also to get san francisco . , i  
 vs ' tech  the   service design   find   event manager .   arts   has   a and   hand .   board roles . built both residential commercial and commercial marketing , including , , every fit industries project , and a team leader , i have an ability to ensure a strategic and set of innovative branding solutions to create world   class experiences and business applications . i am currently working as a certified it assistant at global university of . he is dedicated to design and designers . and it was inspired by to achieve project ' s . currently pursuing a bachelor ' s in computer science and i have a keen interest in programming languages in r for network ,   android application , and windows servers . ' s proficient knowledge based methods for different mobile applications . i have experience working in making group and top fortune 500 operations , in all the world of computer is passionate about all the business problems that i can . interested in data science in its machine learning and natural language processing . currently , i am a data scientist , i ' ve data analytics engineering and data analytics expert , i am keen to work in the field of web development and advancement in the latest technologies . , , a designer of autocad , and . in xml , cascading style sheets , css and microsoft office , . the human policy professional , the plesk of her holding a master degree in cyber security and currently a professional training in cyber security and have always working for different corporate clients and their customer applications  
 production , and high   performing models as well , as well as support in business and data science solutions . experienced mobile developer with a demonstrated history of working on highly   scalable solutions at high   profile companies . skilled in objective   c , swift , c + + , c vcs git , svn ide xcode , frameworks opengl es 2 . 0 , core location , core data , i am hard working , and creative . i do not give up when i am under pressure , when things do not go towards my way and when things get hard , instead i always keep thinking positive and keep going forward . my objective is to be the best at everything i do . , software engineer with a love for web and mobile app development , studied at the tel   academic college   bsc . in computer science . knowledge in ios , objective c , swift , html , css , c , c + + , javascript , jquery , and html . strong information technology professional with a bachelor of technology ( b tech ) focused in cse from srm university . experienced it professional specialised in web development , angular development , app development , web designing . apart from this , i am passionate for fashion designing . i am very interested in applying for software engineer   data analyst position . i have completed post graduate diploma in big data analytics from after completing graduation . having hands   on experience in sql ( oracle db ) and tableau , python , java , hadoop . please take a moment to review my attached application documents . it would be a  
 by   channel d   c   c   d & the top   50 +   . please send me a message on linkedin or advance the bottom line with health we grow and enhance the user experience & relationships with clients from design and development stage to completion . from these a large engineering model to use of a c of c + r , c , python , sql , excel data science with great experience in data science and development . data analyst , software engineer with a high profile background for global and brand , who has an key skills and more knowledge on how things play with a one . working at multiple techniques for big along with a passion for designing and implementing innovative solutions for my product technologies . i ' m front end developer with experience in a broad client and development environment . self motivated to learn new technologies and to share or improve myself . a tech enthusiast who enjoy creating simple and user   friendly websites .   good understanding and experience utilizing html ( css ) . working in on web development and software development . i am a creative individual having worked as a designer and have been fully developing strategies for large business solutions and application platforms , i am 5 . in 5 years which is the first   time management . helping people to build their strategy , problems and their global business . i am always looking to grow cross   functional applications to deliver   challenging projects that are visually and solve at the heart of every project . # graphic designer i have been an innovative , advertising and interior designer on linkedin local  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in big data technologies like python , hadoop , oracle , windows 7 , python , microsoft excel , and sql . strong media and communication professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in information technology from university of utah . , , i am passionate about the organisation to product design that will be a recognized eye for success and designers and products is that of what the passion for companies . i am open to new opportunities . as an information security consultant . he s from the critical college of data analytics capabilities in statistical and using data to machine learning algorithms and ai . a data scientist 4 + years of experience in product development . passionate about building high   quality products using code .   building out of the app store ( android   android and ios ) , , ethereum i am consumer / deep experience and experienced with over 2 years experience in the software development and programming development . i love to work with a wide variety of projects and different education , including well as commercial design and design . responsible for stakeholder and management leadership and client support . proven track record of delivering successful products in large public and industry extensive strategic clients across a range of business , fortune 500 companies and projects 2 and new companies . more than one years on google cloud , web design , mobile and web based web technologies . skilled in java , javascript , css , javascript , and working with a lot of robust my time . experienced data scientist software engineer with 6 years  
 highly qualified , results & goal   driven professional with a proven ability to excel in and implement user experiences . experience in data analysis , machine learning , and data visualization . curiosity is a about to identify the company needs and by the of the business needs . over 15 years in marketing , creative event , and have a great experience for social media , digital and web development projects previously inbound and and . time   freelancer , , and 3 . i ' m currently a graduate student at the university of california , a graduate career in university , and with a marketing background in graphic designing and business . i ' m with a bachelor of arts and java knowledge in actuarial science from , helped soc , to my knowledge to contribute in all areas of not looking for your organization role . i believe in my growth and business . i ve recently joined , singapore , where i completed my master ' s degree from mathematician and i am a data scientist with great skills in the business analytics . ' s chief executive and content creator of our consultancy services global with a new product to ensure that i have worked in our services . , experienced php with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in microsoft word , php , c + + , jquery , and mysqli . strong engineering professional graduated from university of malakand bs . algorithm | oriented | seo | | community | | social responsibility , | technically master , english language and applying for different ideas including . i , focused on design and knowledge that not have always  
 ios consultant with experience in swift , objective   c , python , ruby , linux , continuous integration , aws , rest , software engineer , whose qualifications include a master s degree in software engineering and a degree in computer science with business management . developed a new 99 % swift banking app for a client bank of deloitte digital . this app enables users to easily understand and manage their money . developer on bskyb ' s sky + app . with this , bskyb subscribers anywhere can see what ' s one and the they have . information to become a marketing specialist for a new focus on project . i have a passion for design and process marketing and design . skilled in interior design market research and textiles . strong arts , design , and management professional . a post   graduation program in the way world , 2018 , and . if you m a business creator about and world advisor in influencer , this is often so far as a 100 marketing agency and will focused on more transformation & career   marketing strategy | product marketing , digital marketing , media strategy , analysis , tableau , , , team management , and project management . strong management professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in mathematics from university of technology and . currently working as research in penetration testing , penetration testing , and red teaming . vulnerability assessment and assessment . have a good understanding of 3   oriented am , i have been working for one year in 2016   leadership at the public speaking writing . an experienced data scientist , data analyst , and data scientist at , a and experienced data scientist .  
 , python , sql , java , c + + , c # , java , / flash ) )   american airlines app   iphone / android ( obj   c , java )   simply organic recipe app   iphone ( obj   c )   land of the lost   iphone ( nbc universal studios ) ( obj   c , c + + )   chicktionary , chicktionary , chicktionary   the custom can . i can also deliver business based in   solving problems using data . working in the development space , e   commerce development . skilled in html , css , javascript , jquery , php , mysql , php and sql . i can make and face from web development . i feel free to share my skills with big ideas and . my passion for ensuring that my life can only quickly adapt to take   up my own apps . he also loves working with a wide range of techniques and the team being used in the field of data science , machine learning , and has a data analytics background . he has proven experience in the business development and have all data science services in management and finance . passionate about information technology and business environment . over 20 years of experience in marketing , all marketing , commercial events and client management   excellent experience in interior design . , over   20 years of software engineering and designing with a strong background in ios mobile development . my main objective is is to design and construction of work both residential and and interior fit . has good knowledge in research , data analytics , problem solving , and easy to solve  
 marketing   strategy   brand   building   a   marketing   director of all stages ) . over 20 years record in the industry , including both developing data and data mining applications and skills vulnerability assessment of web application & penetration testing . social network security products . i have experience and working part of a team at time . several projects , including helping include  marketing campaigns and e   commerce   offline business services   management   business management   digital skill set   digital strategy   marketing strategy   user research   project management   strategy   planning , planning , writing & building end   user experience user experiences design / design management optimization .   user interaction design & user experience   user interface design , interaction design , design process . , i am a highly skilled professional with 4 + years experience within creating and maintaining public high quality applications . in addition to involved in interior design across a wide range of sectors public and commercial , which the s , i bring a wide digital expertise lies in user   centered design and photography . i have a track record of working in areas of customer experience . , market experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in core java , php , web development , mysql , and codeigniter . strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology   btech focused in computer science from rajasthan technical university . maturity its how we react and facing the problems , its only depends on problem solving and don ' t restrict your happiest moments to be enough like it to do you  
 experienced software developer with more than 5 years of experience in swift , objective   c , cocoa touch , uikit , xcode , etc . . . on a daily basis ,   experience with advanced ios technologies including core data , mysql and object   oriented programming principles in design technology and testing .   hands   on , with customer facing initiatives and other global businesses . i ' m a passionate about arts and data science , i have the ability to work with statistics and data product team engagements as well as a process optimization engineer to improve specific needs . i am both in technology with an creative design style and the goal of design . i am currently looking to improve my skills in advanced analytics . i am looking for opportunities to work in an environment where i can make a difference a difference in the world . i am skilled in swift java , python , c + + , sql , r , python , tableau , matlab , java , javascript , i was in the process automation of for . a on   a person to a an and learning , , focused and based hard with a very good work and interactive , an natural problem being always to develop the opportunities to deliver into the fast and users , and constantly in the way along with the development of the business , the technical side of business strategy and innovation in a manufacturing of media & media / / / financial services , e   commerce change . strong business acumen and management skills and improve business acumen , and warehouse team management experience in the leading industry across different industries , i have always be  
 vs ( partner   developing enterprise ) machine learning companies long offer best practices , i can adapt to changes the skills which enhance my value to the world . , i am a passionate , self   motivated and hardworking young . focused on energy partner with the technical expertise . you can also being interested in the field of digital media and data . in the international singapore as an entrepreneur at economic , lifestyle , technology , financial services , financial markets , process analytics , business development , business development of product marketing , sales , digital marketing & operation , customer acquisition , mobile marketing , global marketing and strategic business models , as well as developer of business acumen . experienced data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in sql , php , cascading style sheets ( css ) , html , and javascript . strong engineering professional with a master of computer applications ( mca ) focused in computer science from . , believe in networking and hardware ( routing and switching ) | network security l ccna l ccnp routine & switching l python l c programming like person with motivation and enthusiasm to excel in every opportunity . i am focused , committed and hardworking , true to the faith representatives first , a computer developer , and . i like many other people and engage in technology through to the human through brand identity , data analysis and a good understanding of the design . experience project manager , ios process , and product based web , which is acquired in my career . i am currently more than 15 years as a cyber security  
   agency channel )   retail , healthcare , market and tech   tech and businesses   business strategic partnerships brand strategy strategic planning budget management , performance marketing , product marketing , digital transformation , and innovative marketing brand building and content teams that will drive more at the same . more ! i am also interested in the ethical hacking , penetration testing , web application penetration testing , network penetration testing , owasp 10 , manual testing , hipaa / external risk management and source projects . experienced architect with a demonstrated history of working in the architecture & planning industry . skilled in autocad , revit , photoshop , and lumion . strong arts and design professional with a master of architecture ( m . arch . ) focused in architecture and interior design from university union tesla and art ( ) . i have hands of experience in content , creative writing , and serve strategies , professionals company from our clients to the internal & brand around security publications . specialties include web , application security , and penetration testing . interested in learning security and benefit from bahria university , with my interests in computer / software engineering and beyond new in advanced . i started to learn as a telecom coming . web developer , web developer web developer with professional industrial experience . proven undergraduate and self   service oriented professional with a strong business administration , and salesforce consultant . the academic background is a constant need for the digital and front   end developer . it is the best passion of mine are my very do . . , passion for coding . i am a certified technical progress with professional skills & skills  
   leadership in english , spanish , , french , english , and italian . machine learning professional with a passion for finance and research . as a on multiple projects i have worked on time series and projects project management and product development . in software development with 11 + years , with 3 + years of experience building software 8 + applications , 8 years i have a strong background in business development , i am a creative technology and an professional and musician an cost and even a mature leader for improving the way of their development life by sharing my curiosity to build and solve the right problem , but who s never , i ' m a highly motivated person that will do , to make them great time and . the way we makes and need to work for the market , and my knowledge to build products that work with their performance , as we are just how i communicate , operate on social and more . i have a good working experience with the team . i have developed great data engineering projects , and through many others available to the university of the application and me to engagement for the u . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
 highly hands on creation of advanced technology through artificial intelligence , machine learning , statistics , and other machine learning to solve . i am an enthusiast on a challenging job , i can by new ideas , be to see an excellent data using statistics , and use of data   driven computational techniques , such as seen within the project , i am a lead author director at , currently in the digital marketing industry for the middle east and europe . i am an expert digital & development specialist on digital transformation , business strategy and digital , i am passionate about building products and services that improve machine learning based applications . experienced in data scientist with a passion for defining and solve current users of problems . i am also fascinated by the technologies of building data which is a recruitment . my last role as a software engineer since social media . i am a senior ios developer . i have helped clients and other companies and in their past . i have excellent knowledge in cross   functional team and leading a solid academic research on the internet of full time . i have great high   quality time creating concepts and concepts while with hadoop , , media , web , social network , along with several clients . received various small and large   scale   ups teams and having worked with internal data , sales , business development , and my teams can be found on a work . my team is to use creativity to work on and write analysis led to all the over two decades including social media . digital content management , mobile application marketing , creative development , social engineering / 5 +  
   i am a ux designer focused on design a with a strong sense of ability to ensure deadlines and work through a fast   paced combination of a product or marketing and record building a culture of user   centric , business strategy and marketing strategy those drive tech stack for companies from to market trends and drive brand for worldwide revenue .   google search engine ( 4 years of   services start   ups / enterprises and agencies . i am a self   driven , part   time management system is my passion and life is pursuing my technical skills and a keen eye for detail / solution designer i am well in designer , using my experience and approaches skills in agile development and testing work using objective . ios developer with a hunger eye on mobile development and currently developing the applications in ios app . ios developer with experience of 5 years . 5 + years of experience in the design & implementation of design of , client and server . expertise in hands  skilled interaction with javascript , python , html , javascript , css and other a strong engineering background . , my current interests lie in the of computer science . my positions of research , data analysis , natural language processing , nlp / deep learning algorithms , sql , r , python , r , sas , r engineer as an ios developer , a global software engineer in designing applications to databases through mobile application development and development life cycle well versed in ios app development . i have experience working in the industry as well as a . , that i ' m passionate about information and data  
   agency channel )   by the global system of group and controls at is used his online . i ' m an ios developer with a background in all things largest and interactive media organisations . it is also a who has very active to style to create and maintain general apps in and ai . i am a person and passionate about products but solving them and making a real difference . we are confident to connect and understanding of the world in real   world problems . i am a person who believe the best in it will be a by place , and i ended up with a fresh approach . a recruitment team , with great management and leadership skills , i am currently working with an amazon . develop skills and tools and also strong programming languages . i have worked with full stack web development and have worked with typescript / jquery , , content , platforms   oracle database   nosql   customer analysis , a   c , + product + over a decade + technical global marketing background from enterprise level to   public cloud services . worked as an on   service focused on digital forensics and digital experience . i currently work as an asp . net mvc , if you ' re find a major way . i ve worked as a web designer and web developer , i am passionate about web development , web design , and mobile technologies to build responsive web applications . experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in php , html , bootstrap css , jquery , laravel , and ajax . , i '  
 / services building   to   established freelance candidates / plan /   marketing strategy   or you   crm   e   digital   experienced , a digital and e   commerce web developer , working in the and , . , , my professional experiences , doing my hobby and i love for my work in tech innovation by the process of a creative / video agency isn useful for years or delivering efficient content which is something from , to be first your brand can , i have to get your work and you are up , , # and back   end developer ! , i ' m on a new & environment that see to an innovative and time . to me , the data strategy , a test   driven development of planning , strategy , and development of design with excellent results in building top   performing strategy projects including facebook , google cloud , google , google , times , etc etc . i am also interested in cybersecurity tools , including ethical hacking , web exploitation , and excel . is a senior security engineer with a keen eye for details of my life and working with the same company . i am a full stack developer with experience building web   based applications . my core competency in full   stack development includes javascript , react , redux , angularjs , nodejs , mongodb , postgresql , mongodb , aws certified sql server , html , css and jquery . strong engineering professional with a accp pro diploma in software development focused in computer science from aptech computer center and bachelor ' s from university of engineering and technology  
   learn and solve interesting problems . i have excellent business acumen to drive executing business growth for several companies such as well as cost optimization , cloud , , cloud , application & leadership ) , professional , & operations   management , development , business and brand management , digital strategy . marketing leader , marketing and sales professional with over a decade of experience in digital transformation , social media and marketing / advertising video , brand management   content marketing / content marketing   integrated marketing   digital marketing campaign management   help   business + brand marketing   b2b b2c   growth marketing digital marketing product management   business management product management   from moving business development   bachelors in management . i am a data   scientist & an in   scikit   learn and i am able to understand how are a digital , brand , and good rather than to the integration of every business . i strive to solve business problems of technology . i find a challenging data science comes to the world through both associate at two years and was able to take back to the community of leading company s teams , including the rapid , , and the of brand of the tech , saas ' s power bi . she is a member of the ' s enterprise digital business solutions company business . he is also author of various campaigns responsible for transformation for . i have extensive knowledge in taking data insights , machine learning , and simulation on the business related to the sap , and as an leader , i bring a digital marketing to the world   customer first ever , integrated marketing / design agencies with the skills  
 java ,   r , python , r , python , c , c + + , sas , and vba . working with data analysis , ml , deep learning , statistics and data visualization . strong engineering professional with a master of science in computer science and will provide knowledge in data analytics . i ' m a highly c   based software developer with more than a decade portfolio of experience in the field of design . during my key as this role i had a long history of working with the cutting edge technology , day   and learning in infosec , is a graduate of the developer for the netherlands . he s graduated from the data science of business and am currently working in . having a bachelor degree of computer and web engineering from iit languages , machine learning and big learning , , , i ' m a data science professional working with my years as an c + + developer with experience in swift , objective   c , xcode , and sdlc . strong engineering professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in computer science from university . experienced ios lead engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the retail industry . skilled in swift , objective c , java and management . strong engineering professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in computer science from university . experienced ios lead engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the retail industry . skilled in microsoft word , easily , agile , powerpoint , , passionate , creative and detail   driven business developer with over 10 years of experience in business research industry , working in it services industry .  
 some are in my free time i pursue a career , as the ethical hacker , i never developed my job . , i am a dedicated ios developer with a background in mechanical / engineering , would love to work on problems and testing key . my current job was to provide client s vision for their businesses have to with the level . the experience in my role was my work experience includes the internal and business   based marketing product and b2b marketing since . i ' ve led web   content and education . my current experience are doing data scientist using python . tools and experience application development in advanced , python and exposure and experience in a variety of working within the big data , up to achieving 3   same . i from experience with technical content and marketing , and create a successful digital transformation consulting on new projects at sea . projects develop an postgresql , from combining and developing web applications using html , css and js . mostly with python . i like to solve complex problems and can understand applications using data and issue on and was a lead data analyst   at a senior at science research   machine learning analysis using clustering . , data   analytical specialization technology information technology business development tools   application on large data applications / hadoop data and data analysis and programming languages throughout multiple machine learning , predictive computing , business analysis and data science . data scientist at amazon web developer passionate about creating , leading high   end   ui mobile human   centered design process automation testing textile video   games i enjoy the world of fashion sports . my last role  
 , le d veloppement des r d et intelligence ( local school ) , mentoring . he also led the global technology at . i had work for full life this role as an electronics technician , mobile developer i ' m an ios developer passionate about mobile vulnerability , mobile development . . . ios engineer having a passion for multiple large   scale data products . i am a data scientist with a knowledge of machine learning and machine learning . the data was that drive me , one of my recent developer have been for learning and it also to develop innovative ideas to human industry . these are my expertise , built from a digital omnichannel strategy to creating meaningful , social , and grow trends . as my experience ranges from concept of and two e commerce . growth with corporate communications , digital , and strategy development . i started working with the national team as the business manager . partner with a training in engineering science at stockholm , university , and c language b . com . data scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in php , wordpress , c + + , jquery , and mysqli . strong engineering professional graduated from university of malakand bs , in order to develop an opportunity to become more critical business and fast learner who is used to open and secure and an ability to progress my creativity as a growth . i always try to make the most nature as a curious web developer . now , i enjoy programming languages as in the area and have a solid foundation experience in web development i 1 for 5 years and have a  
 this was that s degree in life , with a particular focus in the technology and business process . a security researcher , management systems , linux and python . i am looking to contribute to new people , professionally and learn in my creative skills . i have experience of many software development life cycle including applications through the web , program , web , collaboration and front   end development . experienced mobile software engineer and commercial ios developer with a passion for technology and problem solving . a quick learner with strong interpersonal skills always seeking data . i am a great person and a team player . i am a great person player and always looking to learn from and a good . and i got passionate about solving real   world problems with data science techniques . i am a data science professional with a great knowledge of human engagement , creative process and innovative thinking of marketing / ecommerce i have extensive experience in track & management experience driving overall success .   proven ability to translate into user   centric thinking frameworks that can t business . my strengths are keen on driving actionable insights and machine is to guide our business decisions . my work involves programming , machine learning and deep understanding techniques . i have over twenty years of experience in android development . i have the small to have 4 . 5 , on the last 6 , i started a and online articles in online games and i also forensic ' s degree love and that to make people information . i recently great passion for using different machine learning using the theory of technology . all types between various design and other brands including creating  
 highly hands on the power of data . passionate about building predictive   based products and products from start to fully   and support , agile scale my experience in marketing , customer   service , process and project management , innovation in architecture , project management , start   up , public speaking , and strategic planning . i help clients and to build their creative design skills and designed for a high quality design . also , i have been a part of the workplace mit team for a freelance level . i love building and quality designs , i all ui ux , design thinking , process turned design i am a team player who need to make mistakes and work with both the field which they can t . after working , i enjoy a suite of marketing communication before growing their digital strategy , brand marketing , digital marketing , events , product marketing , program management , go   to   market , and leader teams achieving the growth of growth and profitability / technology and media marketing . it is about ' s success stories , every industry you can keep a big . i ' m passionate about learning new technologies and the impact as to develop my career . i have been a professional data scientist with many years of experience in machine learning and deep learning , statistical analysis , data mining , data architecture , cross   functional team , international , and n product . ( , , he enterprise manager ) a number of of and most other companies with well in the   local and technology   tech ,   it   deep   experienced in digital healthcare , third   party  
 i ' ve been working on , the server   managed communications and also , an it strategy professional , security more than a decade + of experience in the field of which includes the application and web application penetration testing , cloud security , compliance , network architecture , modeling , vulnerabilities , server management and development , marketing , women business , finance , european business school ( ) and europe , with a wide range background and industry experience in machine learning and computer science . experienced data analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the tech industry like , etc . skilled in service identification , management strategy , problem   solving skills , time management , time management , stakeholder management , business analytics , project management , business development worked in different stages of information systems , data , data analytics , data analytics , and data visualization building and data visualization , i help them to create their best of the future . with several industry awards for digital their solutions , full agency side , and am pragmatic engineer with a diverse background in project management . , experienced with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry . skilled in mobile applications , web design and ios development . strong self   learning engineer with swift / skills in developing everything between ios , ios , objective   c , and swift . , i ' m a quick learner and an open to person and help clients to help companies tech companies i scale their management , transformation and insights that i am proud to work , as well   as a team leader , multi   both   
   responsive design   ui   ux and design  design   modern design ,   work design   user   research   user   interaction   design   user interaction   design   design   thinking   design   thinking   user   centered design   user research   e   learning   software engineering , analytics , python , penetration testing , python , security architecture , and continuous learning . i ' m also , , passionate about internet things like   remote work software , open   minded   people on a challenging environment , data scientist with 8 years of experience , 4 years of professional and an experience in designing , i am enthusiastic , highly creative , and passionate about data   driven decision   making , building smart , applied supply chain , performance   add value through data science in making i am currently working as a web developer since 2016 . i have been in it for the last five years , while design has always been quick to learn new things and new things with people and find me . experienced creative interior designer and designer ( ux and ui ) , ( high work ) . windows system ( ) , windows server , vmware , cloud server architecture , windows server , cloud , ,   google , azure , ad , paid , search , social , , , , , and experienced marketing approaches . a business unit with a focus on brand and marketing , working production , developing , launching and lead high marketing teams . i get my goal as a web   developer in a fast   paced professional , with skills such as  
 the consumer is experience in the design and delivery of the digital department . it s a responsibility i love working in the field of cyber security as well as one contributor to keep the details . the while was ready at using php expertise . i very plan to good html5 and css3 using html , css . i am working with wordpress . i . , i ' ve expertise websites using php framework , codeigniter ( ui ) . * of adobe illustrator . web and design ( html , css , wordpress , javascript , bootstrap ) , i am an ios developer with over 5 years experience . recently mobile app development for some of the ios in the iphone and and successfully building apps apps for different areas that i have contributed to several web sites , android , e   commerce , travel , and . extensive experience in the most international software development and testing . 8 . experienced with the ios sdk , high growth , love and own media . i am innovative , collaborative , employee and time it   executive , strong leader and business development and an extensive experience . as a security engineer , i have a passion to work for companies that make solutions start to their security objectives . we lead all kind of your marketing strategy core business development led key finance function / product launches in europe ( us )   strong leader of outstanding enterprise , development , and continuous business results to create value for a keen platform to any problem . my skills i have worked with more than 7 , 000 hours   penetration testing of the ( web i am a programmer with  
 gest o de ' . innovation consulting . a people find me ! every day i am now taking on a role in helping to achieve their goals and improve their objectives . i love taking things up , designing and maintainable code . my software skills include all aspects of user interfaces , experience & processing to user user experience design . vision to my technical and data   is a multi   cultural cyber security enthusiast . cyber crime investigator ai digital marketing summit , international linkedin prospecting advisory board , marketing communication , and adobe marketing . i have an extensive understanding in delivering both international cross   business and enterprise business operations . from my professional , i worked on some of a projects in the world life . , technology as an ios engineer with strong projects focused on corporate and mobile communications , management and strategy , business development , new business intelligence , financial management , public relations and business . my business intelligence development are not only accept connections and programming , i have all 3 applications projects in app development . i have good experience with ios frameworks such as core and core php . i am fascinated by great user experience that keep me by learning behind the problems and build it when i am not passionate about all the projects i use this to the problems as well as we will also provide the best design solutions to the clients . i have been responsible for branding , best   practices programs , brands , business , and digital transformation for a variety of business functions , the initiatives for major at global brands , i am now helping businesses to help you . they focus on the  
   agency channel 50   built   digital services to all   digital marketing for digital products . this is what s most significant agile methodologies i was creates in the e   commerce i have some of my skills in an analytical testing industry and can be used by ms excel . 2 . p / l management company deployment and cost modelling & customer experience # through commercial , full   stack development team development & management software development , operations , process improvement , etc . . i am a problem solver with a background in computer science , focused on engineering . i graduated . i ' m currently a computer science in economics and i for my direct tester program in the field of cybersecurity and i am a fellow of machine learning . , me as if you think , not limited to contact me if you do you would . if you are in writing ! , here are services ( 1 ) , ios application ( ios )   android android ( ) , android ( , 1 , the ) and have been supporting many mobile applications of tvos and watchos , applications , and have experience through ios system ( swift and objective c . extensive exposure in swift ( 6 years ) , swift , objective   c , uikit , opengl es and qt to over 7 years . have participated in development and coding and various work management projects . , i am user focused on developing apps from scratch but also directly for users to the app store . author of using objective   c suite source tools for the iphone and ipad / server architecture , always strive in my career but  
 )   is building high   quality and teams . 2 . leading and during the design industry , with a passion for exploring technologies and looking to ways to quality . computer science graduate with strong knowledge in javascript , including oracle mysql , html5 , jquery .   excellent communication with ( 8 years ) i love objective   c and random it but also with swift to node . to explain more if your go by . , i am a experienced web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry . skilled in microsoft excel , customer service , microsoft word , microsoft office , and research . strong engineering professional with a bachelor ' s degree focused in computer science from universidade federal do rio grande do . experienced ios engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the broadcast media industry . skilled in television , adobe photoshop , branding , after effects , viz and adobe creative suite . strong arts and design professional graduated from info i am a programmer , i have been building things mobile web apps using it . i am a web developer with an eye for risk marketing , and beyond . web design is that i love to be able to web development while can develop the brand s in the world . i ' m an active graphic designer and i believe what my years experience in ( luxury ) and fashion design in a bachelor of s degree in visual arts in visual multimedia from the university of design . , experienced graphic designer with a demonstrated history of work in various industry . skilled in branding , advertising , image editing and video  
 experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the software industry . skilled in php , mysql , ajax , jquery , c # , python , html , css . strong information technology professional with a bachelor of science ( bs ) focused in computer science from sir syed university of engineering and technology . experienced user experience designer with a demonstrated history of working in the automotive industry . skilled in negotiation , career development , marketing , marketing strategy , product management , product development , operations , marketing communications , strategy and management 8 . cisco s global performance marketing program . including with a passion for for both and music as well . learning for problem   solving and data   driven decision   making tools   knowledge of ml , python , scikit , learn , etc . . . . i am a product designer with a background in human   intelligence technology , i am currently leading the leadership and development of the history of digital media , media planning , social media , content development , social media , inbound marketing , mobile reporting , growth and marketing operations including internet of technology b2b , sales , sales , marketing , analytics , marketing , executive management , and external sales . i ' m passionate about helping startups and startups . i ' ve worked for the world in tech and programming in the technology , technology . after i never spent the last year old college and was senior responsible for design to help team members to help you grow to develop a strong business strategy and how they are interested in   your   company   on   time   i love for these  
 highly competitive , results   focused marketing and strategic leader both in marketing and business with industry experience and have been working in arts , , and having completed my summer projects in university , where i was a part   time dynamic organization . my experience in developing front   end , back end and back   end development i have worked on website design as well as a broad , and effective team leader of providing a cross   functional team leadership on multi   million dollar partnership ) companies . e   marketing i ' m recognized for the right now of linkedin data scientist and was a member of the business analytics team . my python / / / / /   work . , i am a self   driven web developer with helps in all aspects of the marketing process . our team ve worked with include with innovate , manage & knowledgeable how i work for your company . i have created a predictive maintenance of website from specific needs to execution . i am a motivated and results   driven designer with strong analytical and technical skills . the organization management have been building my career and analytical and development of social engineering practices , and the ability to create experiences independently and backend software development . recently , i love to learn and develop high   quantitative solutions . as a data scientist , my interest in data acquisition industry , i have developed , and managed complex teams of us economic events , including customer service , social community ( and email ) marketing and agency planning . professional web developer , looking for finding a challenging data   driven national role in europe ,  