creator. strategist. architect. change maker. vision setter. team builder. at ulta beauty, we are reimagining the way the world sees, feels, & experiences beauty. at the heart of that is my personal passion for brand building, fueled by deep consumer and cultural insights, strategic vision, differentiating innovation, and limitless creativity. as the chief marketing officer at ulta beauty, i am proud to lead the amazing team of world class marketers that have helped drive our growth - doubling the business size in the past six years, turning in the best performance of any retail stock over the past decade, and becoming one of the 20 fastest growing retailers in the world. together, we develop the brand vision & strategy, setting the true north for the brand and company. craft compelling communications, from advertising to public relations to social media. create customer experiences, from today s store experience to tomorrow s breakthrough experiences across channels. continue to grow & innovate our world-class loyalty program. deliver the consumer insights that drive thought leadership and strategy across the company.
marketing leader with extensive experience in brand strategy, consumer insights, storytelling, content production, social media, product management, performance marketing and digital transformation.
experienced chief executive officer with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. skilled in digital strategy, integrated marketing, advertising, event management, and strategic partnerships. strong business development professional with a mba focused in international marketing and finance from depaul university.
building business through creativity and culture music | sport | cannabis | china forbes cmo next business insider cmo to watch
emmy award winner and 5-time emmy nominated executive producer. forbes 2019 top 50 game-changing cmos. 10 years of experience focused on the high-end fitness market and 10 years on premium consumer products. consistently delivers growth on iconic brands, including tonal, ironman, equinox, ralph lauren, tide, and pantene. an inspiring leader with strengths in global brand management, strategic partnerships, digital platforms/content, analytics/kpi development, and team leadership/collaboration.
a creative brand and digital marketing professional with a proven track record of success in revenue marketing, demand generation, brand management, content marketing, field marketing and social media strategy.
high-growth marketing executive who fuses sophisticated, data-driven marketing strategies with beautiful, emotional brand and product development to yield hyper revenue growth. specialties two-sided marketplaces, consumer marketing strategy, brand strategy and positioning, b2c and b2b demand generation, go to market, growth marketing, acquisition marketing, advertising programs (tv, outdoor, radio, digital channels, print), business development, product marketing, inbound marketing, growth hacking, new customer acquisition marketing, search engine marketing, search engine optimization, online marketing, media buying, planning & attribution, display advertising, programmatic buying, referral marketing, media mix modeling, ltv and cohort analysis, email marketing, customer segmentation, database marketing, creative team management, web ux/ui, financial forecasting and modeling, conversion optimization, strategic communications and public relations, building and developing high-performance teams marketing strategy, roadmaps, and budgeting brand marketing growth marketing product marketing customer acquisition marketing (outbound & inbound) community growth & management customer retention marketing & loyalty programs customer analytics & feedback channels marketing communications content marketing & seo marketing analytics social media & social advertising conversion rate & site optimization business development & strategic partnerships product development & product marketing media buying web analytics partner marketing ux, ui & customer experience competitive research titles held chief marketing officer (etsy, slice, soulcycle,pond5 & seamless), co-ceo, vp of marketing (grubhub) and vp of growth and retention (grubhub), vp of global marketing and operations (seamless)
andrea zaretsky is a marketing executive who develops innovative and impactful strategies that drive customer acquisition, loyalty and engagement, with expertise in the financial services and retail industries. andrea has held leadership positions in prospect and customer acquisition, crm & performance marketing, digital marketing, product management, client service, loyalty & rewards, customer experience, insights & analytics, and digital partnerships. she is a graduate of tufts university and columbia business school. she serves on the board of marketing edge and on the advisory board of commercenext. e*trade is a leading financial services company and pioneer in the online brokerage industry. having executed the first-ever electronic trade by an individual investor more than 30 years ago, the company has long been at the forefront of the digital revolution, focused on delivering complete and easy-to-use solutions for traders, investors and stock plan participants. founded on the principle of innovation, e*trade aims to enhance the financial independence of traders and investors through a powerful digital offering and professional guidance over the phone at two national branches and in-person at 30 e*trade branches across the united states. e*trade operates a bank with the primary purpose of maximizing the value of deposits generated through its brokerage business securities products and services offered by e*trade securities llc, member finra/sipc. investment advisory services are offered through e*trade capital management, llc, a registered investment adviser. commodity futures and options on futures products and services offered by e*trade futures llc, member nfa. banking products and services are offered by e*trade bank, a federal savings bank, member fdic, e*trade savings bank, a federal savings bank, member fdic. e*trade securities llc, e*trade capital management, llc, e*trade futures llc, e*trade bank and e*trade savings bank are separate but affiliated companies. 2019 e*trade financial corporation. all rights reserved.
fernando is a global marketer with a passion for growing brands and businesses. with more than 160 lions in cannes (8 gps, including 2 titanium gps), 16 d&ad yellow pencils, and 2 grand effies in north america, fernando is known for pushing the creative boundaries to drive business growth. currently as global cmo at restaurant brands international, fernando s focus is infusing burger king, popeyes and tim hortons with purpose (incl. sustainability), improving product quality, modernizing design, and inspiring the organization around tech, digital and brand development. under fernando s leadership, burger king became client of the year at the d&ad in 2016, creative marketer of the year in cannes 2017, client of the year at the one show 2018, advertiser of the year at the clio awards 2018 and 2019, and creative brand of the year in cannes 2019. fernando led campaigns such as proud whopper , mcwhopper , google home of the whopper , burning stores , bullying jr , whopper neutrality , scary clown night , burn that ad , birthday clowns , and whopper detour (titanium gp in 2019) and 'moldy whopper'. prior to joining bk, fernando worked for 18 years at unilever. starting as an intern, he moved up the ranks working different product categories and brands, including dove where he led the groundbreaking 'beauty sketches' (titanium gp in 2013). fernando was recognized by adweek as grand brand genius (2013 and 2018 - only person to ever win twice), by business insider as top 10 people transforming advertising, by the ad club of ny as marketer of the year (2017), by business insider as top 10 most innovative cmos (2017, 2018 and #1 in 2019), by adage as top 50 most creative people in the business (2017), by forbes as top 100 most creative minds in business, by fast company as top 100 most creative people in business (2019), and by adage as cmo of the year (2020).
*senior marketing executive with a track record of developing innovative, differentiated and break-through brand positioning & gtm strategies *proven brand builder and growth driver credited with rapidly building under armour s awareness, perception and consideration with target consumers around the globe *transformational leader adept at building winning teams, developing high performing talent and inspiring innovative industry shifting thinking *extensive experience leading highly complex organizations and driving results within hyper growth, change heavy, matrixed environments *marketing operations leader
my diverse career spans 20 years of successful executive level marketing roles for brands of all sizes across multiple industries. with a broad background and depth in digital, i have enjoyed being on the leading edge of marketing innovation. i've had the opportunity to work on some leading brands like walgreens, td bank, capital one and verizon communications. earlier in my career, i held leadership positions at several smaller technology organizations including venngo inc., a developer of bb collaborative software & at seymour epstein group inc., a private investment firm specializing in new media. you can reach me here or twitter pdmclean.
i ve always been drawn to innovation engines, visionary companies that see things in a different way, challenging the status quo. i ve spent my career working to develop positioning and brand strategies for these emerging challenger brands and for established corporate evolutions. previously, i led global marketing teams as svp of corporate marketing at ca technologies and as vp of global marketing at juniper networks. i'm an experienced leader working with a diversity of companies across industries and growth stage - including apple, nortel, sony, land s end, bank of america, toys-r-us, saturn, and royal caribbean cruise lines. likewise, i've held executive-level brand management strategy roles on the ad agency side, and run my own brand communications consulting firm. my specialty is in b2b2c business models where proper brand recognition drives sales preference and growth. i'm proud to have received two golden effies, best b2b campaigns of the year 4x over, edgar r. murrow award for digital media, named advertising women of new york s game changer, and moves magazine power woman 2018.
with over 20 years of experience, i've been fortunate to work in brands to develop world class marketing and digital leadership to develop experience which has been recognized as the diverse mix required to lead a modern marketing team for businesses today. i excel when i can work at the intersection of brand, digital, data and technology building teams who create connected consumer experiences. with industries spanning working for the world's largest retailer, the most loved & recognized sports media brand and the world's most beloved consumer brand, my skillset is underwritten by transformation driving for results. i recently joined the board of betr media to support the development of a positive media platform for genz and the board of loop me to continue to drive understanding for brands with full loop measurement/ attribution using ai and analytics. wanda young is the senior vice president of client solutions for the walt disney company. since the inception of the team in november 2018, the group was formed to build the go-to-market strategy for the new disney advertising sales team, part of the new direct-to-consumer-international division, announced in march 2018 https //bit.ly/2ovrvss. prior to this, wanda had been leading the marketing organization for espn, a division of disney as the senior vice president of marketing and consumer engagement/cmo in a newly created role where she helped launch espn+ which now has over 2 million subscribers. #38 forbes most influential cmos list https //bit.ly/2iziwfi
experienced marketing svp with a demonstrated history of success in diverse restaurant brands and geographies. skilled in turnaround situations, food and beverage innovation, insights, brand positioning and building, global marketing, and social/digital communications. master of business administration (mba) focused in marketing and international business from rollins college - crummer graduate school of business.
 dave zapata is a digital brand management professional, with 10+ years of experience in driving executing brand objectives, developing category strategies, and devising business plans in diverse categories such as beauty, laundry care, home cleaning, baby care and paper products. he has experience leading large multinational campaigns/commercial executions with large internal multi-functional teams in conjunction with amazing agency partners like omg, saatchi&saatchi, nielsen, arc, leo, grey, carat, accenture, mindtree, and icconmobile. he adapts to new professional environments seamlessly as shown through his switch from it service management to digital marketing management/brand management. he seamlessly integrates his deep technical background with his brand management skills. us and german dual citizen. open to work anywhere in the us or eu with no visa required.
marqeta is the first modern card issuing platform designed for companies who want a simplified and flexible way of managing payment programs so they can create world-class experiences for their customers and power new modes of commerce. marqeta won the 2019 best fintech startup award by fintech breakthrough and the 'best enterprise technology company' at the 2019 lendit fintech industry awards.
experienced brand leader w/ expertise in driving consumer connection and cultural experiences that create impact and stand the test of time. my career began with a solid foundation at top advertising agencies, then quickly evolved into 21 years of great success at nike, inc. through passion, creativity and big results in multiple categories, geographies and business functions across the globe. now building on my journey in the fast growing plant based meat industry and continuing to help move the world forward.
experienced entrepreneurial senior executive who has a passion for building high performing marketing teams and scaling high growth businesses. well versed in developing market rollout strategies, p&l budget management, and roi focused media/capital investment. leverages consumer insights to identify consumer trends while building internal systems built on strong analytics, cross functional collaboration, and constant innovation mindset. creative thinker and business operator who leverages 15+ years of experience from various industries (financial, tech, consumer product, entertainment) to use marketing strategies effectively as a revenue/profit driver. find out more about me at https //linktr.ee/steventrisyoung areas of expertise strategic marketing - p&l management- demand generation - financial forecasting and modeling - ltv and cohort analysis - online and offline direct marketing - mobile marketing - display advertising - programmatic buying - tv/ ooh/ radio media buying - email marketing - customer segmentation - multivariate testing - online attribution partnership marketing, - multi-channel marketing - online analytics - referral marketing - growth hacking - agency recruitment and management - seo/sem marketing - creative team management - web ux/ui
my professional mission lead talented and diverse teams to build brands and grow businesses through the art & science of marketing, while learning and having fun along the way. as a lifelong athlete, mentor and coach (and lover of music, fashion, sports and technology), i've built my career around understanding youth culture and using this knowledge to build teams, grow brands and drive growth for the organizations i've had the honor of serving over my 20+ year career. working for both leading global marketing & advertising agencies, and as a representative of one of the world's most beloved athletic footwear and specialty brands, i've had opportunity to orchestrate, launch and lead some incredible, major scale programs and campaigns, including the launch of the nike x nfl partnership (which represented the largest pr launch the brand had ever done). i'm a passionate, invested and consumer-focused leader who deeply enjoys building and motivating teams whose members consistently demonstrate curiosity, competitiveness, creativity and a cooperative spirit as they knock it out of the park with results. additional strengths include consumer insights, cross-category marketing, consumer journey mapping, experiential marketing, strategic partnerships, storytelling and innovation. i love meeting new people and welcome you to reach out to me.
i m the chief marketing and communications officer at abbott, where i ve built my career for 20+ years. i m immensely proud of the work we do creating life-changing technologies to help people live better and i m proud to contribute to that work by helping people around the world better understand abbott and the ways we can help them. i m also committed to advancing the communications professions, which i do as a member of the arthur w. page society and of the medill school of journalism board of advisers at northwestern university.
a strategic, creative and analytical marketer with a proven track record of leading innovative programs that drive results. twenty years of experience that spans agency and client side, regional and global, fully integrated and digital-only engagements across a diverse range of world-class brands. driven by an entrepreneurial spirit and a passion for groundbreaking marketing. praised for a leadership style that inspires action, the ability to build effective teams, and creative problem-solving skills.
www.jason-yau.com | with over 19 years of digital/ecommerce, brand marketing, integrated communications experience, jason yau is an award-winning executive and recognized thought-leader with a background in driving brands ranging from the global fortune 500's to private organizations. with heavy p&l responsibilities, jason is a data-driven marketing leader, equally at home with creative concepts and consumer insights. jason thrives in finding the simple in the complex and driving change in global and regional markets. jason specializes in developing strategies and creating agile teams to increase customer acquisition & retention with a focus on topline high growth with enhanced profitability, increased rate of return with efficient investments, and optimized customer relationship experience. notable achievements webby award for best website, forrester groundswell award for best b2b program, pr newswire's finalist for the grand prix earnies award for best integrated social media brand campaign. in addition to creating innovative, first-to-market campaigns that have been recognized in the industry, jason has been a guest speaker in numerous digital and new media marketing conferences across the nation. specialties go to market strategy, ecommerce, demand generation, marketing communications, retail strategy and planning, customer experience, digital innovation, p&l management, display, paid search, content marketing, email, web, mobile, crm, third party marketplaces (amazon, ebay, cses), social media, affiliates, seo, analytics, public relations, creative, customer insights, branding.
experienced and goal-oriented chief marketing officer with ~20 years of experience in digital media. built and managed high-performing teams of 80+ members that service internal and external clients. expert in directing research methodology, finding insights in data and using them to drive strategic plans. seasoned speaker and regular participant in industry committees. exceptional communicator with proven ability to develop strong cross-functional relationships. change agent who inspires teams to drive business results. skills include marketing strategy, brand strategy and positioning, media planning, content, social, seo, ad effectiveness research, consumer insights, analytics, market research, consumer segmentation, marketing effectiveness, sem, crm, performance marketing, media buying, agency relationships, marketing technology, ad serving solutions, attribution, dmp, data engineering and data sciences.
i turn data and insights into unfair advantages for high-growth brands. professionally, i specialize in paid acquisition channels, conversion rate optimization, seo, and consumer psychology. personally, i spend quality time nerding out on my kindle or with scientific journals for fun. if you're still reading, we should chat.
david messinger plays a respected, thought-leadership role regarding key issues facing c-suite executives and business leaders, from business transformation to innovative marketing platforms to corporate strategy. his expertise combines a range of experiences, from his tenure within client-side businesses to agency-side organizations working for a blue-chip multinational to an entrepreneurial, digital start-up and from first-hand exposure to a range of businesses including telecommunications, consumer electronics, financial services, automotive, restaurants, food and beverage, beer, apparel, retail, lodging and hospitality, and entertainment. messinger is also active with industry and philanthropic organizations, playing an active leadership role as a board member in multiple capacities.
17+ years of technology startups and marketing leadership where i have focused on revenue growth, marketing strategy and managed high performing teams. tech mentor (techstars, next, upglobal, startup weekend) and educator (uw professor, advanced digital marketing). board advisor at attendly & sparktrend. blogger at entrepreneur.com, marketingland.com and joannalord.com. winner of seattle's 40 under 40. digital evangelist and keynote. i ve spoken around the globe at shows like web summit dublin, traction conference, smx advanced/east, growth marketing conference east, sxsw 13/14/15, naspers growth summit, reforge growth forums, rainmaker conference, c3, the conference sweden, cta conference, sic, searchexchange, edsocialmedia, sydney eretailer, dreamforce, mozcon, domainfest, pubcon vegas/south, sempdx 11/12/13/14, affiliate summit, and many more. dedicated to building brilliant brands that leave an impact, connect us in beautiful ways, and do great things. specialties marketing strategy, roadmaps, and budgeting brand marketing growth marketing product marketing customer acquisition marketing (outbound & inbound) community growth & management customer retention marketing & loyalty programs customer analytics & feedback channels marketing communications content marketing & seo marketing analytics social media & social advertising conversion rate & site optimization business development & strategic partnerships product development & product marketing media buying web analytics partner marketing ux, ui & customer experience competitive research
successful cmo who drives business growth - recognized as top 100 influencer in content marketing top 40 marketing superstars to follow one of the top online marketers on twitter cmo best practice award from idc winner stackies award - by chiefmartec expertise * data-driven / tech-driven marketing to drive revenue. * breakthrough messaging that accelerates product adoption. * building great global marketing teams that are fast and effective. cmo - outsystems leading the global marketing team at one of the fastest-growing software companies in the world. outsystems is 6th best cloud computing company to work for (forbes), unicorn growth and valued over $1 billion, 65% yoy arr growth, category leader (gartner, forrester), private equity funding from kkr, goldman sachs $360 million, codie award winner and much more. cmo - acrolinx drove all marketing functions for award-winning artificial intelligence software company. helped create new software category, scaled demand generation to achieve 70% yoy revenue growth, acquired new customers including amazon, ibm, microsoft and positioned company for successful acquisition. vp global marketing - brightcove (bcov) led global go-to-market strategy, product marketing, demand generation, global field marketing and technology partnerships. grew new customers from 300 to over 6000 leading to successful ipo in 2012 and exceeded $110 million in revenue. director of product marketing - adobe systems (adbe) led adobe's enterprise and developer product marketing team growing revenue from $150 million to $500 million. co-founder and vp of marketing - q-link technologies venture-backed enterprise software start-up acquired by adobe in 2004. responsible for all marketing functions. achieved 140% yoy growth. co-founder and partner - paradigm research founder of business strategy consultancy focused on the fortune 500 servicing clients such as ibm, pitney bowes, pennzoil, mci, and others. mba from northwestern university s kellogg graduate school of management and volunteered on advisory boards for several non-profit organizations including world vision and a child's right.
accomplished and award-winning marketing executive with 15+ years of experience in high growth businesses. i am passionate about building beloved brands, developing high-functioning teams, and driving business impact. as an entrepreneurial leader, i thrive in the dynamic environment of hyper-growth companies that have a steep mountain to climb.
vp entertainment and brand marketing at postmates, entrepreneur, early lyft employee, investor and advisor (vibely, candid, gimme radio, swiftlane, adquick, airhouse, hooch, contra etc.) and host of the celebrity spotlight 'first and featured' podcast, available on apple, spotify, google etc.
my career has a pattern to it i am drawn to working with good people, impactful technology, inspiring leaders and organizations with big aspirations. i am a strategic leader and team builder who loves the power and potential of marketing and communications to drive a business. i thrive on the front lines, creating trusted relationships and meaningful work to build, protect, and promote a company s brand, reputation and opportunity.
world class marketing and branding executive. northeastern university mba. spokesperson for massachusetts restaurant association. 4 telly awards for producer in branded videos. graduate of dale carnegie and coach university. nominated for 2012 citizen of the year award. board member for boys and girls club of cape cod.
casey hurbis is the chief marketing officer of quicken loans. he oversees both online and traditional marketing initiatives, while driving new, innovative strategies to captivate the audience of the nation s largest and most trusted mortgage lender. to achieve these goals, casey leads a marketing group of more than 300 team members known as detroit s premier in-house agency. under casey s leadership, rocket mortgage by quicken loans launched one of 2020 s highest-rated super bowl commercials starring hollywood a-lister, jason momoa. his team also announced an exclusive multi-year partnership with the nfl, making rocket mortgage the first official mortgage sponsor of the nfl in over a decade. casey and the quicken loans marketing team led the creation and promotion of the rocket mortgage classic the first pga tour event held in the city of detroit. the inaugural rocket mortgage classic, in 2019, was the most-awarded event on the tour after winning three best of awards, including the fair way award for its diversity and inclusion initiatives. most importantly, it provided more than $1.2 million in disbursements to its seven primary beneficiaries more than 90% of which was directed to detroit-based nonprofits. along with quicken loans, casey oversees the marketing efforts for other successful businesses in the rock family of companies, including quicken loans mortgage services, rocket homes and rock central, helping to elevate these brands in their respective industries. casey joined the quicken loans family in 2017 after 24 years in automotive marketing most recently leading advertising and communications for fiat, where he helped successfully reintroduce the fiat brand to american car buyers. equally important to his brand-building efforts is casey s work with, and dedication to, local and national nonprofits. three that are particularly close to his heart are the special olympics, the salvation army and bethany christian adoption services. in addition to his community efforts, casey serves on the board of directors for adcraft detroit and the detroit sports commission. casey is a graduate of michigan state university, where he can be found cheering on his spartans every fall. he, his wife and their two children reside in metro-detroit.
experienced, creative, energetic marketing executive and board member with award winning history of developing groundbreaking marketing, brand and creative programs across lifestyle, and image-oriented businesses in entertainment, beauty, fashion, retail, cpg/food & beverages. with a passion for building 21st century brands and businesses that envelop the consumer across content, product and experiences, kristin is sought after because of her distinctive perspective building companies and brands that capture the imagination of the zeitgeist. skilled leader in digital strategy, global marketing, product development and developing brand, business and creative strategies.
kendra is a senior, global marketing and communications professional with 15+ years experience across womenswear, menswear and children s apparel, accessories, beauty, home and wellness. working b2b and b2c, she is highly-effective managing direct and cross-functional teams across advertising, creative services, brand identity dna, voice, visual - business development, cpg, collaborations, communications, compliance, digital, e-com, events, licensing, logistics, packaging development, product extension development, product merchandising, project management, public relations, retail development, social media, strategy, visual merchandising and store planning. the roster of global brands kendra has worked with include bcbg, calvin klein, chaps, dkny, donald j. trump, donna karan, geoffrey beene, ike behar, izod, jason wu, joseph abboud, karl lagerfeld, kenneth cole, michael kors, sean john, sol de janeiro, splendid, ted baker, timberland, tommy hilfiger, valentino, van heusen, welleco and more.
what i ve learned over the last 20+ years is consistent - great people who are open-minded to new approaches and new technologies can go beyond what they thought imaginable with the right leadership and execution. passionate about driving change, i started my career streamlining industrial operations with software and lean operating principles. that work opened the door to leading diverse development teams who built software that enhanced digital experiences. software leadership created opportunities to lead global marketing for large software and services businesses. what i enjoy most about marketing is the rapid rate of change that technology brings to the work. my experience & leadership in navigating this change includes strategy & execution i build marketing plans aligned to the objectives of the business. plans i know through experience can be resourced, measured, and executed successfully. brand & positioning i ve built new brands and re-invigorated existing brands resulting in leadership in both market share and awareness. balancing brand goals with market perception and developing a strategy to shift perception when necessary is critical. content-lead digital marketing i ve executed multiple digital marketing strategies using seo, social, email, marketing automation, and more. however, the key to digital is great content that leads the buyer to what you sell. product marketing & sales support i ve built product marketing teams that align the business with a unified vision of the customer need, build great content which leads prospects through the buying journey and educate sales teams to support the journey. customer engagement & advocacy in many companies, engaging the customer face-to-face is still required to close a sale and build advocacy. i ve built programs that increased customer engagement and helped close multi-million dollar deals. when not working, i enjoy life outside chicago with my patient wife and not-so-patient kids.
mark weinstein serves as senior vice president & global head of marketing and loyalty at hilton. he and his global team inspire 200 million customers each year to explore, experience and fall in love with the hilton portfolio of over 6,100 hotels across 18 brands in 119 countries and territories by creating innovative programs, products and partnerships that drive engagement and accelerate commercial performance. regularly interviewed as a thought leader and subject matter expert on television (cnbc), in major publications (the wall street journal and usa today), on podcasts and blogs, and in books and trade publications. frequent internal and external keynote speaker and panelist including at cannes festival of creativity billboard magazine and millennial 2020 events and at universities including yale, new york university, and cornell. recognized and honored with numerous awards, including being twice-named j. d. power s top loyalty program and awarded three clio awards.
i have more than 15 years of tech experience building strong businesses within different stages and industries. i believe deeply in bringing businesses to life in the hearts and minds of prospects and customers by creating compelling and consistent messaging throughout the customer life cycle. i believe it's critical for any business to bring the voice of the customer to every aspect of their business marketing, product, customer success, customer service, finance...you name the department, they all must be aligned with your customer. the customer experience doesn't begin when they make a purchase, sign the contract, or complete a transaction it begins the first time they've heard an utterance of your name.
leader, manager, and consultant of some of the world s most successful, billion dollar brands. growth driver, innovator and strategist, driven by an entrepreneurial mindset and a passion for delivering winning results, resulting in exceptional performance and national and global award recognition. key strengths include specialties developing brand vision and growth strategies p&l management of turnaround and growth businesses business analytics and market opportunity assessment delivery of award winning, integrated marketing campaigns executional excellence leading to impactful business results inspiring team leader and focused on development
marketing leader with a track record of helping start-ups build the marketing function, accelerate growth & mature their positioning. i lead marketing at starburst, the presto company. watch us grow! www.starburstdata.com previously endeca (acquired for $1b+ by oracle), acquia (acquired $1b+ by vista equity partners), and mirakl.
led the digital transformation of two iconic brands, after riding the first wave of explosive growth in organic social. scaled disruptive tech beyond early adopters with an incisive strategy backed by strong capabilities in e-commerce experiential retail digital and direct marketing. i build teams known for earning a disproportionate share of global popular culture and conversation and for taking proactive control of the pr narrative and public sentiment. when combined with performance and programmatic marketing, this approach delivers outsized financial value. almost a decade spent as a p&l owner in fast moving consumer goods made me an early investor in data platforms and analytics, which now- more than ever before- can accurately model and predict the return on marketing investment. none of these capabilities matter, if we re not providing differentiated, meaningful, & personalized experiences. doing this requires not just knowing our audience (through data), but also understanding them (through culture). the first and most fundamental insight that emerges people want increasingly to be treated as citizens and not consumers.
the majority of my time is spent as husband to a beautiful wife and a father to a dog and two little boys. other topics of interest i love the color grey and i hate onions. my days are spent as a strategic marketing leader focused on high-growth venture backed software. this includes chief marketing officer i lead marketing for lessonly, a training and enablement software company based in indianapolis, in. i'm tasked with leading a team of amazing marketers and outbound sales reps. this includes everything you imagine being associated with marketing. demand generation, content marketing, branding, design, messaging, go-to-market development, and thought leadership. i apply the lessons learned while working at a venture capital firm, the largest software company in the world and the fastest growing email marketing company to drive growth at lessonly. published author i'm the author of three books with topics including social media marketing, crm, software and personal branding. the books include twitter marketing for dummies (wiley, 2010), branding yourself (pearson, 2011), and social crm for dummies (wiley, 2012). the following titles have been published in five languages and seven countries. marketing and digital trends speaker i've spent the last seven years traveling the world speaking at marketing and technology industry events on topics including content marketing, collaborative consumption, consumer behavior, email marketing, technology trends, digital marketing strategy, demand generation, b2b marketing and social media management. other i've also been recognized as one of indiana s forty-under-40 by the indianapolis business journal, anderson university's young alumni of the year and techpoint's young professional of the year.
i joined tanium as they offer a proven platform for endpoint visibility and control that transforms how major global organizations manage and secure their computing devices with unparalleled speed and agility. many of the world s largest and most sophisticated organizations, including more than half of the fortune 100, top retailers and financial institutions, and all branches of the us armed forces rely on tanium to make confident decisions, operate efficiently and effectively, and remain resilient against disruption. they also are a great company to work for and i d urge you to take a look at our careers page where we have hundreds of open job roles across every function. we rank 7th on the forbes list of top 100 private companies in cloud computing for 2019 and 10th on fortune s list of the 100 best medium workplaces. 
 oversaw brand building, marketing and pr for two startups and steered both to exit. created viral content for nyt, wsj, cnn, npr, bbc, 60 minutes, time magazine. developed content management strategy that launched consumer brand to the top of it's field. specialties marketing, pr, public relations, branding, brand building, content development, content management, online media, digital marketing, social media, community building, startups, blockchain, crypto, hiring, recruiting, career management, ed tech, farming, consumer software, public speaking, brand evangelism.
activecampaign is hiring. use this link so i get alerted you applied http //bit.ly/ac-referral maria is known for building world-class go-to-market teams that drive growth, differentiation, and category leadership. she has served as a senior marketing leader for global b2b technology organizations for almost two decades including serving as chief marketing officer at anaplan (nyse plan), senior vice president of marketing & sales development at apttus, and held marketing leadership roles at marketo and shunra software (acquired by hewlett-packard enterprises). she is considered a b2b marketing expert from her success and innovative approaches in customer advocacy, demand generation, account-based marketing, strategic events, sales development and marketing communications. she has expertise in the salesforce, microsoft, adobe and oracle ecosystems. maria holds both a bs and mba in marketing from rutgers university and has participated in executive educations programs at both stanford and wharton. my approach i work hard to make myself, and those i work with, better marketers and leaders. i strive for excellence in everything i do, and measure myself not only by my accomplishments, but by the accomplishments of those around me. i take great pride in myself, my team, and the companies i work for. i refuse to be a follower. maybe i am too busy to pay attention to what competitors are doing. i like to believe i m just always one step ahead and don t like looking back. the view from the front is better anyway, especially from this roller-coaster.
global cmo with operating experience in b2b and b2c. known for putting and keeping companies on the map. track record in building iconic brands and creating new categories while also delivering revenue growth. turns data & insights into breakthrough products, go-to-market strategies and customer experiences. thrives in fast-paced, high-growth environments. excels at building high-performance culture. functional expertise category design, marketing strategy & execution, messaging & positioning, product launch, p&l management, customer experience, growth & demand generation, innovation/product development, loyalty & retention, brand management, integrated marketing, ipo marketing, content marketing, social media, event marketing, public relations & communications, global marketing/advertising industry experience fintech, ai & machine learning, luxury & lifestyle, digital health, software/saas
taking the advice sir martin sorrell gave me in 2003 and doing something i love in life, every single day. forbes 7th most influential cmo (chief marketing officer).
i am a visionary who gets things done. i have proven international and domestic experience in identifying consumer and customer insights and translating them into big ideas that exceed consumer expectations and drive topline growth. i have entrepreneurial dna, thrive in fast-paced environments and am comfortable charting new territory. i have demonstrated skills in developing business strategies that can inspire an organization to think differently and take action. my strong communication skills and ability to prioritize and effectively motivate diverse groups of individuals enable me to transform vision into tangible new ideas that work in the marketplace in record time. i am passionate about brand building and have a proven track record of putting consumers back at the center of new product and campaign development processes leading to better and faster results. i have over 15 years of marketing experience spanning areas of new product innovation, reinventing brands through purpose, developing engaging campaigns and creating new communication models and business models. my teams would consistently tell you that i have created a motivating vision and rallying point that inspires them to go the extra mile. i lead through example and treat my teams with great care yet also push them to achieve beyond their own expectations. by creating a foundation of vision, prioritization and team spirit, i lead, create, support, manage, trouble-shoot and problem-solve every challenge thrown my way and manage to have some fun in the process.
vice president - godlan, inc. - manufacturing performance specialists we help manufacturers every day compete better, sell more, reduce costs, and become leaders in their market segment. does your company need to be more competitive chances are, your business software is out of date or obsolete at this point. start here to get a free top 10 erp list to find out what you may be missing out on. click here 
i believe brands can play a relevant role in people s everyday lives. i believe in seeing people as human beings rather than consumers. i believe creative work can be a source of real change, generating exponential growth, while making the world a better, simpler, more interesting place. my goal is to lead projects that will explore uncharted territories, expanding the possibilities of our industry as a significant part of popular culture. to find out more about me and my work, please visit my online portfolio at www.cargocollective.com/marcelopascoa
metrics-driven marketing leader with 20 years of experience and a proven track record in global marketing strategy and execution. focused on building integrated marketing programs that drive engagement, awareness, and revenue, advertising and brand awareness, campaign performance measurement, digital marketing, and web presence. skilled at building and leading high-performing collaborative teams. specialties integrated marketing program development and execution, demand generation, digital marketing, ppc, performance marketing, marketing operations, martech stack design and implementation, content marketing, direct mail, lead acquisition and nurturing, marketing roi measurement, email marketing, seo, sem, crm and marketing automation, website and online presence management, webcast program management, content development, sales enablement, media buying, event management.
as chief marketing officer for nestl usa, i m proud to contribute to our company s role in creating healthier, happier lives for individuals and families, helping our brands better understand consumers, address their needs, engage them, and, above all, to delight them. from nestl coffee-mate s #stir things up campaign to lean cuisine s drive to weigh what matters, our brands are connecting with consumers on new levels. at the same time, we re leading the industry in setting a high standard for responsible marketing. i m also proud to have had a positive impact as president of the beverage division, accelerating both top and bottom line growth and achieving over $2 billion in combined annual sales in 2016. i began my career with nestl in mexico, where i served as vice president of corporate communications. here, i built our capabilities to deliver best in class marketing and communications for our brands. i also contributed to nestl s goal of creating shared value for shareholders and society over the long term creating breakthrough innovation capabilities and leading our nutrition, health and wellness initiatives. in 2012, i was proud to announce a transition to clean-powered energy at nestl s coffee plant in toluca, mexico the largest coffee plant in the world. prior to my time with nestl , i led the mexico operation for the zyman group. i also directed marketing for procter & gamble personal care brands. in 2006 i was selected as an international fellow for the international women s forum (iwf) women s leadership executive program at harvard and cambridge universities, and i now serve as a member of the iwf mexico chapter. i was also proud to be honored as one of brand innovator s top 100 women in brand marketing, 2015. want to join the nestl team and me as we write the next chapter in our amazing 150-year story check out www.nestleusacareers.com/dcmetro.
as the global consumer chief officer at citi, i oversee a team focused on crafting distinctive, impactful campaigns that differentiate citi's industry leading products and services and drive long-term brand loyalty with consumers across the globe. i have also spent the last decade building citi entertainment into what is today - a leading consumer access platform. in 2019 alone, the platform offered citi customers access to over 12,000+ events with the world's largest artists, athletes, chefs and more including lady gaga, coldplay, sting, madonna, dak prescott, justin thomas and many more. as a marketer at a leading global brand, i have a tremendous opportunity and responsibility to use my platform to not only shape culture, but to power movements, inspire empathy and compassion, drive equality and inclusion, and to hopefully inspire a team of global marketers to do the same.
accomplished marketing director with 12 years of experience encompassing digital advertising, content marketing, social media, pr and community relations. a dynamic career in retail, arts & culture and hospitality and tech, helping to launch brands in new markets.
accomplished executive and change agent with compelling success leading complex global organizations and driving revenue for the world s most visible portfolio of brands. leads all functional areas, including general management and p&l. extensive experience in cpg delivering top-line and bottom-line results on multi-billion dollar businesses in highly competitive categories. builds and reinvents brands by leveraging business acumen and deep knowledge of the digital, e-commerce, commercial and social media spaces. motivational team leader, coach and mentor. recognized with numerous industry awards for outstanding brand campaign performance. areas of expertise leadership development, change management, p&l management, strategic planning, brand building and analytics
award winning marketer with a demonstrated history in brand strategy and event marketing.
previously nike & under armour
passionate and experienced marketing professional with a demonstrated history of demand generation and event management in the computer software (saas) and tech industry. expertise in marketing strategy, communications, program management, event planning, and negotiation. proven track record in managing all aspects of small and large-scale corporate conferences, events and trade shows with documented metrics for surpassing goals. effectively balances big picture strategy with detail-oriented tactics. known for meeting and exceeding demand generation goals, kpi definition and measurement, roi analysis and cross-functional influence.
cultivator of fandom. tribe builder. live experience lover. kristina is an experienced c-suite executive, brand builder, creative problem solver and transformational leader of brand, marketing, and performance functions across world-class brands including cirque du soleil, madison square garden and the nba. kristina excels in creating and fueling brand fandom, developing high-functioning cultures, and driving business impact. she is a passionate, hands-on, collaborative leader with entrepreneurial dna developed in two decades as brand & performance owner in live entertainment. she specializes in building global marketing operations leveraging community insights, data-driven decisions and disruptive creative in fast-paced, highly complex organizations. kristina has established success in setting a compelling brand vision and creating an infrastructure for business growth that inspires others to achieve.
a mission-oriented marketing and communications professional with 6 years of experience in developing and driving marketing initiatives for global brands. meticulous at strategy, execution, and management of diverse projects to deliver clear and focused results. usage of research, data, and action-oriented thinking and tools to achieve the targets and deadlines. a team player trusted by seniors and loved by colleagues. forward thinking leadership skills with an ability to forge strong relationships with partners and stakeholders to achieve goals with maximum success.
accomplished communications and marketing leader with over 15 years of experience and specific expertise in the promotion of technology products and services for global, industry-leading brands across consumer and enterprise. storytelling, strategic communications, crisis and issues management, media relations and partnership building skills, with proven success creating and overseeing the execution of integrated marketing and communications plans that improve brand visibility and drive business results. comprehensive understanding of traditional media, influencer relations, social media and digital marketing. my goal is to do meaningful work that drives the business with exceptional team members and partners. as a leader, it is my responsibility to set team members up for success with a clear vision, purpose and team identity and then we can accelerate together. specialties strategy and planning, influencer marketing, narrative building and company positioning, media relations, social media marketing, integrated marketing communications, event management, relationship management and roi metrics focused on insights to drive strategies.
a catalytic leader whose expertise in culture creation, revenue growth and business strategy has parlayed into success as a hospitality executive with a track record of value creation for teams, guests and shareholders. career highlights * ten years in senior leadership roles with global and regional hospitality organizations. * strategic thought leader for over fifty brands across seven different industries. * executive level experience with seven, private and public, mergers and acquisitions. * private equity investment experience with five different firms. * national recognition for performance from ad age, nation's restaurant news, texas a&m and others.
award-winning consumer product global marketing executive proven global brand builder with expertise in digital and traditional media, content development and product innovation innate curiosity and passion resulting in unique storytelling driving emotionally charged consumer experiences while enhancing brand loyalty and consumer value track record of success in delivering top and bottom line growth as well as constructing and executing turnaround strategies trusted organizational leader known for building and motivating high performing teams effectively manage cross-functional teams that drive positive change and advance executive leadership and corporate strategy
carola oversees global marketing and brand strategy for spartan, the extreme wellness company comprised of a large content platform, a global participatory events organization, and the spartan branded merchandise business. carola also co-leads spartan women, the female-focused community platform designed to defy stereotypes and promote camaraderie and empowerment by connecting women and girls from all over the world. prior to joining spartan, carola spent over 16 years at interbrand and in her last appointment as senior director of brand strategy and analytics led the financial services and non-profit practice as well as overseeing interbrand s top 100 best global brands study . carola s track record includes the successful leadership and management of global brand teams across multi-disciplinary engagements including the launch of integrated marketing campaigns, extensive internal brand, and organizational culture change programs as well as running large scale brand strategy, brand valuation, customer insights, analytics and brand architecture programs for clients such as american express, accenture, apollo management, aarp, credit suisse, citigroup, dupont, ge, jpmorganchase, intel, l oreal, sap, pbs, and thomson reuters. having lived in 4 countries and traveled extensively, carola is sensitive to the many cultural nuances that brands need to navigate to create compelling brand stories that are both universal and impactful. carola serves on the peggy guggenheim advisory board and the wist (women in sports tech) advisory board. she is also a member of the dean s council at harvard s graduate school of design as well as a trustee of the jain family institute, a social incubator that primarily focuses on impacting complex societal structures by evaluating key contributing catalysts and launching high impact pilot programs. she lives in new york city with her family.
experienced strategic leader, brand builder, and general manager with a history of building teams, and developing businesses to drive exceptional growth in the consumer products industry. classically trained marketer with significant experience developing successful campaigns, renovating and rebuilding brands, and launching new products. a leadership style that energizes teams, celebrates diversity, and inspires transformational business solutions. brings expertise in long range strategic planning, social media, and new product development. a passion for shaping purposeful brands and communication strategies to ensure relevance, consumer advocacy, and strengthening culture.
marketing leader experienced managing multi-billion dollar p&l and teams of 100+ people. my strengths are setting a bold vision to drive profitable growth, building consumer insight-driven marketing strategies, and creating digital and e-commerce plans. cultivating women s leadership success through programs designed to retain and advance them is a passion area. setting a vision to drive profitable growth led the transformation of oral-b electric toothbrushes at p&g adding $200 million+ of profitable sales, and growing share (+5pts) through strong retail, innovation, and marketing plans. building marketing strategies & plans reimagined oral-b communications to grow sales 15% each year through a new message and media approach. catalyst for exponential digital and e-commerce growth oral care became #2 e-commerce business at p&g. cultivating women s leadership success led 60 participants through p&g s company-wide gender diversity leadership development program designed to retain and advance senior women. areas of expertise leadership | brand management | consumer understanding | marketing | p&l management | strategic planning | general management | brand building | digital marketing | e-commerce | high growth | customer strategy | innovation | building relationships | team building | vp vice president marketing | general manager | cmo
as global vice president of marketing for patr n tequila, i combine battle-tested management experience with digital transformation expertise to lead a competitive team of advertising, media, digital, event, communications and mixology professionals. at bacardi limited, we re on an audacious journey to reimagine how luxury consumers engage with the spirits brands they love. over the last 20 years i ve scaled retail & tech brands, learned & led digital strategy, launched a start-up and mentored global marketers that will likely be my bosses one day. i m passionate about creating contagious ideas that grow people and profit by transforming the customer experience. for the past decade, none of the roles i ve held existed before so i ve learned 2 truths about creating organizational change via digital evolution 1) behind every business challenge is a talent solution 2) transformation can start at the top but it can t stay there before my role running global patr n marketing i held leadership positions at grey goose, intuit, kate spade, foot locker, radioshack and owned a marketing agency. i've had my share of experiences as a cfo (chief failure officer) that robbed me of both my ego and my hair. i'm most proud of the people i've learned from & with along the way. our entrepreneurial approach to driving innovation has been recognized via numerous articles, books, keynotes and awards, including top digital marketers of the year by crain's magazine and top social media campaign by forrester research. when i m not selling tequila i serve at the hills church, coach financial peace university classes and volunteer on the board of directors for sports outreach institute. my wife, alisha, and i live in texas with 3 kids that wake up way too early.
energetic, proven leader, noted for growing global businesses using innovative brand strategies to develop customer-centered programs focused on revenue optimization. track record of building partnerships (direct, indirect, and online) and unifying business functions (sales, marketing, operations) into cohesive teams to accelerate growth. consistently delivers results for b2c and b2b portfolios across the following industry sectors public, communications, financial services, distribution and e-commerce, technology and services. my body of work includes senior roles in commercial and consumer based fortune 500 enterprises. skilled collaborator with lob leaders and c-suite teams, enabling organizations to achieve their strategic goals through the implementation of transformational customer engagement models that i design to improve loyalty, grow share and increase revenue.
experienced marketer with 10+ years managing & inspiring teams to drive business impact through full funnel consumer marketing.
proven skills growing brands consumer understanding, equity, architecture, innovation, advertising, media/digital/content integration, visual id/packaging growing businesses business model creation/optimization, p&l management, portfolio management, delivery/operation, category strategy, pricing, retailer/shopper marketing, productivity growing people organization leadership, change management, engaging influencing across geographies/functions/levels, leadership development, relationship coaching unique experience digital media/e-commerce led early p&g digital understanding, e-commerce brand launch, e-commerce retailers, digital media experimentation international experience ran p&l in us/canada, asean, a/nz, india, korea, philippines brand/consumer experience in africa, russia, china, latin america beauty expertise business model, innovation, and marketing (covergirl, olay, old spice, camay, crest whitestrips, safeguard. a passion for all things beauty! disruptive innovation/new business models prilosec otc switch, whitestrips disruptive innovation, align pro-biotic diffusion model, old-spice low-cost launch models asia business turnarounds covergirl, pepto-bismol, metamucil, safeguard, nyquil brand advertising/big ideas/movements 20 years of advertising/agency experience i m a covergirl movement old spice smell like a man leverage, pepto-bismol early viral dance celebrity partnership & entertainment marketing (celebs signed ellen, drew barrymore, rihanna, taylor swift, and queen latifah. integration of america s next top model (covergirl), and nascar (prilosec).
i'm a brand marketing professional with 10+ years of experience. skilled at developing and implementing integrated marketing initiatives that are driven by strategy, insights, and creativity. i'm passionate about all things marketing and enjoy connecting with like-minded people. feel free to contact me at ligiab09 gmail.com. i'm actively looking for a full-time senior marketing position, primarily in texas, but open to relocating for the right opportunity. #opentowork
i am a strategic marketing advisor and 'cmo-for-rent' to dtc wellness brands ready to launch or up-level into their next phase of growth. i sit at the 30,000 foot view and deep into the weeds, helping founders to articulate their voice, distill vision, set strategy, create roadmaps, build teams, drive rocket-ship growth, and earn customers' loyalty. i work with ethical, visionary founders who are reimagining the worlds of mental health, physical health and fitness, food/beverage, cookware, sustainability, and clean beauty. i only believe in marketing that is born from a place of customer obsession, authenticity, and integrity. if this is you, let s chat. focus areas brand strategy, go to market, growth, customer lifecycle, engagement, retention, loyalty programs, integrated marketing & seasonal planning, digital, e-commerce & subscription the world is hungering for a new paradigm on how we live, work, and connect. it starts with sharing our whole selves more often, so here's a sliver of me. a few things i care about / helping people to feel more inspired, more themselves, and less alone / the brain and how we make decisions / taking care of our 'mental fitness' / how we use eq to lead, relate, market, work, and connect / plants, and harnessing their power / making the world a safe and vibrant place for every shape, size, and color. ----- sarah has spent the past 12+ years as a digital marketing leader at a few of the largest corporate and tech brands in the world. most recently, sarah spent 4.5 years at amazon in marketing functions across retail, digital, and b2b + b2c businesses in seattle and nyc offices. she worked cross functionally with hundreds of global partner teams including prime, alexa, whole foods, audible, kindle, amazon music, amazon fashion, and amazon advertising- and launched campaigns and products that are still enjoyed by tens of millions of customers today. prior to amazon, sarah worked at american express, managing b2b partnerships in membership rewards and running loyalty marketing for the jetblue and hilton co-brand cards. sarah graduated from northwestern university with a ba in economics.
global, trilingual, data-driven & customer-centric svp of e-commerce, marketing, crm, digital transformation, omnichannel & retail. expertise - e-commerce & business unit management - growth marketing / business development - digital marketing & social media - brand marketing - crm customer acquisition & retention (loyalty) - retail & cross-channel operations & tech stack - team management - customer experience / service experience in luxury goods, premium & innovative international brands - lanc me / l'or al luxury products - swatch / swatch group - l'occitane en provence - coty luxury portfolio of fashion houses fragrance & make up licenses and philosophy skincare. fluent in english, spanish & french. beginner in portuguese. international team work know-how
marketing and communications executive with 20 years experience working with leading brands in enterprise software, consumer technology, financial services and non-profit. strong ability to elevate brands and take to market new products and services to break through in high growth markets. demonstrated skills in building and scaling operations and high performing marketing teams integrating strategic communications, product marketing, digital marketing and events.
experienced marketing executive with deep expertise managing large teams and diverse brands. proven track record of building groundbreaking, innovative campaigns across traditional, digital, mobile, and social platforms. extensive experience managing agencies, building and re-structuring teams, and driving high-impact, measurable results. strong leader and creative problem solver with expertise in people and team management (most recent 70+ people) marketing strategy and brand management communications, including consumer and corporate media relations digital marketing, including media spending across traditional, social, and mobile platforms budget/p&l management consumer insights, testing, and measurement advertising creative, production, and agency management organizational restructuring i am passionate about creating innovative and inspirational marketing campaigns. i strive to break new ground, bring stories to life, inspire customers and make other marketers jealous. to do this, i believe it s vital to build and nurture the very best teams possible. i also believe strongly in creating a positive work culture in which everyone feels empowered to excel. this dual commitment to positive leadership and groundbreaking work has consistently led to double-digit revenue growth, market-leading brands and numerous awards including 11 cannes lions, 13 effies and 11 clios.
proven leader with omni-channel beauty and fashion retail performance marketing, brand and digital strategy experience. expertise in developing winning brands designing successful awareness, acquisition and retention campaigns across mobile, digital and traditional media driving revenue growth building teams and process developing strategic alliances and enabling others to embrace and initiate change.
a highly accomplished, results-oriented top marketing executive with profit and loss responsibility, as well as wide range of expertise in business development and strategic alliances with top brands. extensive achievement in marketing and corporate communications, including innovative strategy development and program execution. a proven record of product launches, integrated marketing campaigns, and managing diverse work teams across several industries. driver of b2c and b2b demand generation, sales and retention through employee cx engagement to deliver a differentiating brand experience.
digital & performance based consumer marketer with a knack for building brands while also showing roi. i focus on building incredibly effective in-house marketing teams for high-growth companies, driving the roe mantra - return on effort. it's a skill that my teams adopt and it allows teams to thrive and do more with less.
industry-recognized marketing and advertising executive with years of experience growing marketing teams, managing multi-million-dollar budgets, and championing innovation in ad tech such as machine learning ltv projections, incrementality measurements, and marketing automation technology. i have a passion for what i do and frequently contribute to the community with podcasts, articles, and speaking engagements. i have been recently featured in forbes magazine for my work in growth marketing and have spoken at over a dozen conferences around the world on topics that i love. i am passionate about what i do and frequently contribute to the community with podcasts, articles, and speaking engagements. areas of expertise - building successful marketing teams - managing large budgets and pnls - developing proprietary marketing technology - business development - brand awareness - growth hacking - advertising future cmo - coo - ceo - founder vp marketing
experienced marketing professional driving strategic partnerships, sponsorships, and integrated marketing. has proven ability to develop and lead highly effective and measurable multi-channel programs that have positive business results. a self-starter, but thrives in a team collaborative environment. always hungry to learn inside and outside the office. languages - english - cantonese - mandarin
specialties marketing, product marketing, freemium, business development, brand strategy, go-to-market strategy, social media, social media strategy, crm, inbound marketing, social media marketing, web design & operation, brand development
versatile global marketing leader with more than 20 years of multi-country and multi-industry experience developing, successfully launching and turning-around brands in global companies across cpg and retail. worked both in corporate and entrepreneurial environments. while i learned the fundamentals of marketing in big companies such as p&g and coca-cola, i thrive in entrepreneurial businesses where decisions are taken quickly and people roll-up their sleeves to get things done. i like taking calculated risks, being scrappy, learning and iterating in market. i m biased to action and believe speed trumps perfection. if you re looking for someone who challenges beliefs and push boundaries, reach-out. key accomplishments - expanded focus brands portfolio of snack & beverage retail brands into new markets with successful launches in china, s. korea, japan and mexico. - turned around comp (organic) sales for retail brands from -3% in 2017 up to +2% in 2019 via doubling down on beverages and delivery. - built a best in class marketing organization at focus brands and luxottica via transforming capabilities from trade to consumer marketing and shifting resources from corporate to field / market execution. - returned powerade back to growth at coca-cola, achieving 3 years of consecutive global double-digit sales increase and market share wins vs. leading competitor. key skills & competencies portfolio & brand strategy | brand positioning | business planning | innovation development & commercialization | integrated marketing communications | market research & consumer insights | new business development | occasion & channel segmentation | digital & social marketing | p&l management | people coaching & development | cross-functional project team management | analytical thinking & strategic planning | building value-based relationships & influencing | delivering results
i am a creative, entrepreneurial & outcome-driven global marketing & product leader with 25 years of commercially successful & critically acclaimed work. my principles give more than you take | do your best | carpe diem | get stuff done | don t be an a**hole
doug is an experienced entertainment, media and technology executive who has consistently driven profitable growth in multiple general management and marketing roles for companies of all sizes. in his current role, doug leads marketing globally for twitch, the leading multiplayer entertainment company. specialties corporate strategy, marketing planning and execution product marketing brand strategy and management new business development and partnerships media strategy branding product design and development operations management (finance, hr)
marketing executive with a background in technology, entertainment, cpg, food & beverage, and brand marketing, focused on creating meaningful connections with consumers.
award-winning marketing executive with strong track record of results and business impact across multiple fortune 100 brands. visionary leader grounded in analytic rigor and insights who trusts his creative instincts to bring ideas to life that build brand value and penetrate cultural zeitgeist.
business-driven marketing executive with strategic, p/l, and hands-on experience in marketing, customer and revenue leadership roles. i work hard to find and exploit organizations' 'secret sauce' for growth and serve as a business catalyst, connecting marketing-sales-customer success-product to markets, customers and gtm channels. i operate as cmo, executive, board member, advisor, practitioner, speaker and writer on all things marketing, technology and business. - develop, implement and execute go-to-market growth and customer-driven business strategies, shaped by working 'in market' with customers, partners and influencers. - identify and exploit market trends and opportunities that drive growth, differentiation, relevancy and results. - apply the art (big idea) and science (analytics, technology) of integrated marketing and sales, including strategic positioning, demand marketing, digital marketing, product marketing, communications, sales enablement, thought leadership marketing, and customer marketing. - developing talent, teams and effective organizations that hit goals and dynamically adapt to market shifts. i believe in being immersed in markets and communities, paying it forward - gartner cmo marketing council member (march 2018 to present) - board of director randall reilly/investcorp (2012 to 2017) - board member himss (2016 to 2019) - passionate speaker and moderator of discussions to drive change and impact - guest lecturer at darden school of business, northwestern university, and nyu - regular writer and contributor for multiple marketing and business publications/outlets
global cloud and transformation / technology cmo / c-level leader (entrepreneur & public co.) / venture capitalist / board member / technology marketing & advertising professor. sector experience technology & media, security, consumer and education. specialties transformation, brand, alliance & strategy development w/expertise in demand-generation / mar-tech / and communications. m&a experience, team builder and strong external facing ambassador. exceptionally high energy global leader with tenure in enterprise infrastructure, applications, transformation services, hardware and security. strategic consumer & enterprise product level gtm experience & channel development. experience runs the gamut from cpg - epg. a successful leader of numerous small cap entities and contributed as cmo & strategy/development at large cap tech as well. published author (virtual power simon and schuster). professorship technology marketing (university of texas at austin). speaker (frequent contributor at trade/professional.mass media). value creator numerous successful engagements with measurable shareholder value. board member contributions. turn-around experience (extensive). advisor/consultant/fte 25 year professional relationship base in silicon valley and madison avenue. 400+ brand/technology product & service marketing/management engagements.
dynamic marketer with a history of revenue performance and partnership innovation for some of the world's largest brands and properties. negotiated/activated partnership agreements in excess of $100m. award-winning storyteller and content creator integrating digital, social media, licensing and sponsorships. success both as an entrepreneur (marketing agency founder, radio station co-founder) and as a corporate executive. most recently at carnival cruise line, led a data-driven cross-functional team aligned against revenue, brand and guest experience objectives. responsible for defining carnival's marketing partnership strategy and executing via identification, negotiation, monetization and stewardship of a diverse partner portfolio. partners included personalities (drew brees, emeril lagasse, shaquille o'neal) brands (amazon, family feud, hasbro, michaels stores, netflix, pepsi, sky zone) sports properties (harlem globetrotters, new orleans saints, miami heat). position eliminated due to covid-19. industry thought leader speaker at national conferences (consumer electronics show, association of national advertisers, ieg sponsorship conference) marketing commentator (bloomberg, cnbc, usa today, ad age). inaugural board of advisors, coaches vs. cancer inaugural board of advisors, sports business daily/sports business journal.
*** oct 1, 2019 i have several open marketing positions on my team in san francisco and remote locations. inquire if you are looking for a new opportunity. *** deep experience in both marketing and software development. creative and versatile marketer with a passion for technology capable of managing demanding deliverables. champion of apis and proponent of data-driven marketing. excellent written and oral communication.
margaret brings significant experience building brands, growing businesses and delivering revenue growth while working closely with customers and partners to achieve their goals. she is recognized as an enthusiastic, results-oriented leader who builds collaborative, high-performing teams. margaret joins outreach from microsoft where she spent almost 20 years in positions of increasing responsibility driving business strategy, product planning and product marketing in the global windows, security, and cloud & enterprise business groups. most recently she was responsible for leading the multi-billion dollar us windows & surface business. as chief marketing officer at outreach, margaret works closely with company leaders to drive strategy and business execution while leading the growing marketing organization across brand, communications, demand generation and product marketing. margaret is also passionate about finding the cure for childhood cancers. she and her husband are avid fundraisers for the leukemia & lymphoma society s firefighter stairclimb which helps raise money to combat blood cancers - the most common cancer impacting children. arakawa lives in the seattle area with her husband and 11-year-old son.
award-winning creative strategist and marketer. former nike global marketing leader and akqa managing director. current strategic consultant, start-up advisor & vp, head of marketing at masterclass
a tenured executive with a track record of building businesses, brands and high performing teams across a breadth of consumer-facing industries, with a passion for driving meaningful consumer behavior change. having managed p&ls during high-growth stages at companies such as pepsico, match and expedia, i made the leap to the exploding consumer-driven healthcare landscape.at teladoc health, i lead the company s global marketing, communications and consumer engagement efforts as we transform the healthcare experience for patients, physicians and leading organizations. oh, and i try to remember to have a little fun along the way. specialities include - clc management demand generation conversion engagement & retention - brand management portfolio strategy management positioning advertising & marcomm - general management full lifestage spectrum p&l management, pricing & forecasting, strategic planning - business development deal negotiations, partnership development - building & nurturing teams hands on, global perspective, entrepreneurial
fred has an innovative and distinguished career in marketing, creative and product management, with more than 25 years in the high tech industry. in his roles he collaborates internally and externally to hone and communicate the unmatched value of amazing products and services including cloud applications, platform services and engineered systems. previously he led worldwide marketing initiatives and drove awareness and adoption of the ns erp product. prior fred worked at microsoft, where he led product marketing, go-to-market strategy and execution for microsoft dynamics crm and erp lines and served as the general manager of the u.s. microsoft office business. prior to microsoft, studer spent several years at oracle, where his roles included the group vice president of marketing. originally from denver, colo., studer received his b.s. in accounting and finance from the university of colorado boulder and he is a board member of the university of colorado leeds school of business.
strategic and inspiring leader with consistent record of creating strong, highly motivated teams that deliver exceptional results for b2b and b2c companies. p&l owner of healthcare, ecommerce, retail, and not-for-profit organizations ranging from internal startups to a division with $375m in revenue. accomplished executive with actionable blend of strategy, forward-thinking digital acumen and deep marketing expertise. catalyst for change with a track record of seizing big opportunities and tackling big problems, driving innovative solutions and energizing teams to achieve their goals. c-suite brand strategist, performance marketer, analytical guru and customer experience builder. specialties strategy, p&l management, transformational leadership, innovation, global brand management, digital marketing, social media marketing, customer acquisition, retention and renewal, new retail concepts, new product introduction.
insatiably driven to make a meaningful impact personally, professionally and within the community - to leave things better than they were before. leader, mom, philanthropist and adventure seeker. believe in going all out in every aspect of work and life.
my greatest joy is to learn. to learn, to apply, and to share knowledge. i am a magna cum laude graduate of the university of san francisco with a financial economics major completed within three years. since then, i have been a b2b marketer obsessed with driving pipeline and revenue for saas technology companies. i work in a fantastic marketing role at gong.io where i lead the demand generation marketing strategy and execution. previously, i was the global head of demand generation at talkdesk and have had similar roles at companies like inkling and apttus. when not kickin' butt with the gong.io marketing team, i embrace my passion for competing, performing, and teaching urban dance around the globe. specialties saas marketing strategy, demand generation, growth marketing, sales and marketing alignment, social media marketing (organic and paid), display advertising, ppc, seo, sem, marketing operations, marketo, marketing analytics, partner & alliance marketing __________________________________________________________________________________ i love making new professional acquaintances. please reach out if you want to talk about gong.io, professional opportunities, stories, football, or basketball.
chief marketing at appirio and general manager- strategic marketing at wipro limited. global head analyst relations, brand strategy, account based marketing , influencer marketing, geo marketing director executive connect- startegy,planning, organising, managing all overseas connects in the field and during events ( meetings, conf. calls, emails) for chairman and the leadership team head relationship marketing - expand the network of our leadership with the cxo community head industry relations- managing relationship with all industry bodies - nasscom, cii, ficci and program manage events including annual meeting of world economic forum, nasscom leadership forum. head marketing shared services program manager- personal branding for leadership team i have 8+ years of experience in strategic marketing and 8 years of experience in bpm - customer service, people management, for it, telecom & ites industry. area of expertise is networking, relationship marketing, analytics, people management, process management and process engineering by utilizing quality standards specialties certified black belt in leadership, certified green belt in six sigma, certified talent transformer, certified in lean, certified in risk mitigation and code of conduct and best business practices, certified in wipro way initiative to improve the level of customer service across accounts within wipro bpo undertaken brand ambassador training program, strengths - strategic perspective, relationship marketing, client centricity ,execution excellence ,collaborative working and passion for results
as chief marketing officer for aetna, now part of cvs health, i am driving the transformation of healthcare, fueling our growth, fostering consumer engagement, and improving people's health behaviors -- for both the aetna brand and for the new businesses being launched through the combination of cvs and aetna. i also lead the 'digital first' initiative across the cvs health enterprise as part of our overall modernization program. it is an incredibly exciting time, as cvs health reshapes how people can get and stay on their path to better health. i am open to appropriate opportunities on corporate boards, and am currently on two non-profit boards -- the walnut hill school for the arts, and the boston ad club -- where i serve on the strategy committees, building a future direction for both institutions to expand their impact. earlier, i held numerous leadership positions at premier management consulting firms and digital agencies. for the past eight years, i worked at mckinsey & company where i co-led the global digital marketing and sales practice and served as chief marketing officer for mckinsey's marketing and sales practice. prior to mckinsey, i was executive vice president for strategy and analysis at digitas, and earlier was a partner with the boston consulting group. i speak frequently at industry conferences and events, and blog on topics ranging from digital marketing to the customer decision journey. i hold a bachelor's degree in economics from harvard college and an mba from harvard business school. specialties digital marketing and technology, marketing strategy, organization & capabilities, branding, customer experience, technology investment
vice president of global marketing, google.
jason schulweis joined morning brew as head of brand partnerships in july 2019. he oversees the revenue org, consisting of sales, account management, integrated marketing, strategy/operations and copy/creative. his team drives company revenue through native content campaigns that live on morning brew's network of media properties and platforms. previously, jason was at medialink as a senior vice president from may 2017 to july 2019, focusing on marketing, sales and communications strategy. prior, jason was a vp, marketing solutions at live nation entertainment, working hand-in-hand with sales and marketing executives to create and develop unique, creative ideas for clients and strategic partners. he also has led advertiser solutions at thrillist media group, where his team primarily created, customized and sold packages and tentpole initiatives. they also developed sales solutions through bd relationships and drove innovation by working collaboratively with internal product, editorial, design, marketing and research teams. he spent the previous 8 months as the director of sales marketing at thrillist, where he oversaw all sales marketing and rfp response materials. before thrillist he was a sr. manager of strategic solutions at yahoo!, creating customized marketing solutions and assessing large, long-lead partnership opportunities for blue chip clients, as well as specializing in the tech/telco vertical. on the social solutions team, jason concentrated on developing, managing, and selling social and product solutions across y!. he also specialized in social products/solutions for the y! sports and y! finance properties, as well as y!'s tentpole & anchor strategies. before y!, jason was as a digital media planner at deep focus. there he planned and created strategy for award-winning campaigns for hbo (flight of the conchords) and amc ('mad men yourself'), as well as groundbreaking social campaigns for microsoft bing (farmville integration). an nyc native, jason received a ba in psych & polsci from the university of michigan.
experienced senior executive and global thought leader in marketing, business management and brand building. strong leader with expertise in revenue growth & optimization (ecomm + retail) c-level strategic planning and organizational design p&l management marketing strategy & brand development pr and communications management creative development analytical testing & measurement media strategy & spending customer relationship management (crm) influencer, athlete & celebrity marketing brings entrepreneurial approach to identifying key consumer trends, defining organizational vision, and building high-performing teams. dynamic operator and manager with extensive experience building and leading organizations, maximizing value within startup, growth stage and large (public) companies. recognized as a leader in defining the vision for the future of marketing which requires the seamless integration of art (creative, brand, culture) and science (data & media) necessary to build the strongest brands. earned an mba from the kellogg school of management and a jd from northwestern law school with honors.
innovative, revenue-driven business and marketing strategist with 20+ years of successfully building and redefining world-class brands. expertise groundbreaking consumer engagement platforms integrated marketing, content, data, digital, mobile, video, social, print, radio, ooh, tv, retail, e-commerce, strategic partnership and experiential platforms. known for building and energizing large, cross-functional teams overseeing complex operations management developing strategic global media and communication plans and leading visual design, brand campaigns and content strategies. intuitive and data-driven pulse on cultural and societal shifts, and consumer trends. holly has held executive positions at iheartmedia, cond nast (vogue, gq, lucky, architectural digest, domino) tishman speyer properties, rockefeller center, wenner media, ipic entertainment and hugo boss. she has worked closely with thousands of brand and media partners including american express, samsung, at&t, mastercard, lvmh, ibm, mercedes, gm, estee lauder, mac, macy's, gucci, and nike. her clients have included tribeca film festival, faena district miami beach, art basel miami beach, spring studios & spring place, sakara, miami swim week/cabana, now//with, skyhour.com, portero/richemont and dynamic yield.
i generate new revenue streams by continuously growing and engaging my network. i research industries, identify commercial opportunities, and build relationships from the point of first contact and qualification to a closed deal. i'm a competitive pitcher with a record of winning accounts for the world's largest advertising agencies and consulting firms. what i do sales team management, pipeline reporting, revenue forecasting, lead generation, public speaking, startup pitching, industry trend analysis, contract negotiation, product positioning, thought-leadership, pitch planning, conference planning & hosting. what i talk about disruptive technology, artificial intelligence, data science, digital transformation (automotive, insurance, retail, healthcare) shared mobility, startups, venture capital, digital marketing, social media, customer engagement. saas, enterprise sales.
i have worked in the motorcycle industry as a marketing professional for the past 13 years. primarily for harley-davidson dealerships. my goal is to always create exceptional customer experiences, remain focused and educated on current algorithms and digital marketing strategies and always exceed expectations. someone once told me to always be the most prepared person in the room. regardless of age or experience, if you do your research and always come prepared... you will succeed. never settle for less than excellence. you are only as good as your team... always put the success of others above your own success. specialties marketing, social media, blogging, advertising, budgeting, content management, copy editing, customer relations, market planning, public relations
product marketing and brand strategy leader with over a decade of experience driving corporate-wide initiatives implementing c-level visions and changing consumer behavior. my passions and skills are in creating company-defining marketing programs, driving mission-critical business kpis, and building and aligning organizations and teams for high impact. i believe in servant leadership and that all companies can be and should be good corporate citizens (always). i am currently the head of marketing at transcend the first-ever data privacy infrastructure company that empowers individuals to reclaim control over their data and helps companies comply with global data privacy laws. as the global director for uber's top business priority, consumer safety, i was responsible for integrated marketing and corporate initiatives across 700+ markets while running direct and cross-functional teams. i ve introduced 25+ global products to market, and improved consumer sentiment and competitive position through marketing, business partnerships, and innovative bold bets. previously, i spearheaded google's made with code initiative a $50m corporate venture to inspire more young women to study computer science (addressing the critical issue of tech diversity). i led the program from ideation to product launch and drove all marketing, research, program strategy, and business partnerships. i also previously served as a leader for google.org, google s global $1b foundation, and as a business consultant for companies undergoing dramatic industry change. i m a lifelong, team-oriented competitive athlete, including my days as an ncaa division 1 lacrosse player. i m also an invested board member and volunteer for social causes, including for global nonprofit technovation and the ad council.
across my career as a global marketing leader for luxury cpg brands, i have had the opportunity to apply my passion for culturally relevant, purpose-led work and obsession with leveraging consumer insights, to identify opportunities, implement innovative strategies, and ignite unprecedented results for brands like don julio tequila, c roc ultra-premium vodka, johnnie walker scotch, veuve clicquot champagne, hennessy cognac, bombay sapphire & smirnoff vodkas. my curious, creative, and committed mindset has allowed me the opportunity to push boundaries and launch first-to-market, innovative marketing strategies that overdeliver on growth goals, increase market share, and turn underperforming brands into nationwide award-winners. because of my passion for marketing, innovation, people development & digital transformation, i serve as an active industry volunteer to share and learn best practices & emerging trends. this work includes serving as a member of the masters circle for the chief marketing officer growth council for the association of national advertisers (ana). i am also involved with adweek as a mentor for their executive mentorship program, and an industry thought leader as a member of adweek s cmo moves and innovator groups. as a globally-minded leader who enjoys experiencing world cultures, i have had the opportunity to work on four different continents and speak english, spanish, french, and basic italian. i completed my bachelor of commerce in marketing & international business from mcgill university in montreal, canada and am currently pursuing a postgraduate in digital business from columbia business school and the mit sloan school of management. key skills disruptive marketing strategies | brand development | team leadership & development | brand architecture & positioning | integrated/omnichannel strategy | digital marketing best practices | entertainment marketing | innovative new product launches | purpose-led branding | consumer insights | general management
i'm a self proclaimed caffeine addict with an immense passion for music - working to build a successful career in marketing, partnerships, communications, and events. i'm passionate about making music & culture available to as many people as possible & about making it more than just an auditory experience.
a dynamic, high performing strategic leader, brand builder and digital marketer with an extensive history of delivering exceptional growth through purposeful brand building, strong communication strategy and game-changing innovation. a leadership style that inspires transformational business solutions, develops innovative marketing strategies and energizes teams by creating an inspired culture. deep expertise in interactive marketing, social media, and digital experimentation. a passion for crafting brands that solve problems, deepen consumer advocacy and deliver remarkable experiences.
i m all about leading successful brands. i ve built my career driving awareness, engaging customers and increasing market share for global organizations. i develop high-performing digital marketing teams and use strategic, data-driven decision making to achieve business objectives. i m never satisfied with the status quo, and believe in promoting innovation and creative thinking. i stay at the forefront of the latest marketing trends, and am a trusted partner to key stakeholders and the c-suite to drive vision and implement change. i m especially proud of the relationships i ve built along the way, and the positive impact i ve had within every organization i ve been a part of. those who know me say i have a personable and straightforward leadership style, and i develop and inspire individuals and teams to achieve success. my additional areas of expertise are digital media, email marketing and sms, paid search and seo, data insights and analytics, b2b and b2c marketing, product marketing, creative strategy, social media marketing, organizational design, people development, and team building and mentoring.
i believe in the power of creativity and in building brands with humanity to unlock growth. a modern, mission-driven, highly creative marketer with over 15 years experience across global cpg to fast-pace, high growth direct-to-consumer start-ups in multiple categories. i thrive on opportunities to be able to do meaningful work that deepens consumer connections, accelerates revenue and builds brand love. i m an empathetic leader who s passionate about building and empowering diverse teams who love what they do, believe in the mission, and collaborate together to do make a real and positive difference. additional strengths include strategic brand positioning, global brand management, advertising and storytelling, performance marketing, consumer insights, innovation, thought leadership, and general management. i love talking about brands, mentoring, meeting new people and always welcome an interesting conversation.
undergraduate degree in computer science and an mba in information systems management. over 10 years of experience & interest in driving growth, engagement, and retention for b2b saas and e-commerce companies. specialties go-to-market strategy & execution. retention modeling email marketing search engine marketing display advertising csat & nps if you wish to get in touch, feel free to email me at rvsuvarna[at]gmail[dot]com
ryan dillon-curran is currently the director of brand marketing at peloton, the largest interactive fitness platform in the world. he has played a pivotal role in driving the brand s growth from an unknown startup to a household name, while simultaneously helping to grow the peloton community to more than 1.4 million members. in 2019, ryan was selected as a 40 under 40 brand innovator. his work has been featured in the new york times, the wall street journal, usa today, fast company, entrepreneur, adage and adweek. in addition, ryan has also featured at speaking events at advertising week, ana conferences and judging honors at the north american effies.
kady is a chief marketing officer and general manager with 18+ years of experience growing and scaling some of the world's largest b2b and b2c consumer brands. she currently serves as cmo of owlet recognized as one of the hottest growth start ups in the infant tech space. prior to that, she was part of the team that helped dropbox go through a successful ipo. kady brings a strong track record of brand transformation, growth acceleration and integrated sales and marketing to deliver p&l results across global environments. kady is uniquely positioned to drive growth with demonstrated successes across a breadth of experiences - consumer audiences in consumer internet, enterprise, video game, entertainment, and consumer products industries - building and scaling business models that span one time purchase, freemium/premium, saas, and micro transactions - hard tech, soft ware and cpg - b2b, b2c and smb - ecommerce/d2c and in-store retail - fortune 500 companies, pre-ipo companies and start ups - us and international she has driven high growth at scale companies - managing the complexity of hundreds of millions of users while driving rapid arr growth. she has built global teams from ground up to 100+ and managed $100m+ budgets to drive double digit yoy growth. kady is a venture advisor at relay ventures companies on go to market strategy, marketing org design and growth strategy. kady is a frequent guest lecturer at stanford school of business on marketing strategy and growth and a sought after speaker and guest contributor to popular magazines. specialities brand marketing, performance marketing, integrated marketing, smb lead gen, demand gen, content marketing, growth marketing, paid acquisition, brand story, content, p&l management, paid media, seo, email marketing, mobile marketing, product marketing, demand gen, social media, community, integrated marketing, value proposition, positioning
an award-winning marketing executive, offering over 15 years of success in ecommerce, digital marketing, brand development, social media, traditional marketing and information technology. possess a keen ability to lead companies to new levels of success within highly competitive markets and industries. a creative strategist, with a proven history of developing targeted and effective data-centric strategies that mature into effective transformative campaigns, impacting company ebita performance. a results-orientated individual with vast experience across multiple verticals, including but not limited to hospitality, retail, content publishing, pets and light manufacturing. extensive experience in senior leadership roles, partnering with and presenting to organization executives. strengths & expertise ecommerce product planning and development growth strategies within complicated ecosystems & change control processes p&l management and ownership digital marketing strategy & tactics engagement & user experience design across various stages of the consumer journey business-to-business focused marketing initiatives that lead to pipeline growth development and growth of performance marketing programs social media content strategies and tactics brand identity development and positioning strategy creation product assortment development fostering healthy internal & agency relationships across all levels of an organization development of effective & happy teams
i m a strategic, versatile, high-performing professional with leadership acumen and seasoned marketing, branding, print collateral, omni-channel and customer acquisition experience. i have strength and expertise in leading effective revenue growth initiatives through leveraging competitive intelligence, benchmarking, market trends/analysis and high performance team-building skills. i possess strong interpersonal and focused management abilities that improve efficiencies, foster ideation, facilitate growth, and contribute to bottom-line results. my career contributions include leading initiatives in a regional marketing manager role for a large global rideshare business where i grew wallet share by 15% in the first 10 months of onboarding, elevated market share by 10% in 12 months, and established strategic partnerships at no cost to the brand through development and implementation of innovative strategies, in addition, as director of marketing for a large franchise, i drove $1m+ in sales the first week of a new campaign along with a 22% increase in sales by unit through the overhaul of their branding and marketing approach. my professional history includes the strong ability to support or implement new software and technical tools for the organization to improve service delivery, engagement and the experience.
corporate marketing and communications leader driving high-impact strategic initiatives for fast-growing global technology companies. forward-thinking leader successful in designing and executing integrated marketing, brand positioning, and communications initiatives that increase marketplace awareness and differentiation while preserving brand image and messaging. trusted advisor to executive teams, providing branding counsel, thought leadership, and industry advocacy. enthusiastic team leader focused on developing talent and furthering employee engagement. core competencies | brand positioning & communications | employee engagement| media strategy | public relations | ecosystem advocacy | digital marketing| | events | creative development | cxo counsel & special projects |
adventurous, artistic diy-er developing marketing strategies by day and handmade craft projects and exploratory road trip itineraries by night. marketing strategist and brand champion designing high-impact, consumer-focused campaigns that position companies as industry leaders. expert at translating ideas and visions into concrete marketing roadmaps to guide long-term brand strategy. startup mentality and strong experience in unicorn tech companies. engage audiences and consumers through innovative content and channel delivery.
zac most recently oversaw marketing partnerships and integration globally for netflix. before joining netflix, zac spent 7 years at 20th century fox, where he oversaw marketing, partnerships, retail, and branded entertainment. prior to fox, zac managed consumer marketing, partnerships and licensing for sony entertainment in 70+ markets worldwide. he has also held positions at warner bros, iac, and imax. zac's passions include travel, language, bourbon, and his dog. zac is a full member of both ampas and atas. zac is a phi beta kappa graduate of tufts university in boston, ma.
integrated marketer and communications leader that specializes in brand storytelling, communications strategy, public relations coverage, content creation across different mediums, engaging digital/live events, and social media campaigns. i thrive working closely cross-functionally, with senior leadership, on tight deadlines and with no creative ceiling. my goal is to create authentic, original and memorable moments that uniquely highlight a brand and company mission that i am passionate about sharing with the world.
marketing professional with distinguished 18-year career reflecting a depth of diversified leadership experience and demonstrable success. consistent achievements in developing brands and delivering innovative, cost-effective marketing strategies and initiatives that build brand awareness, drive client acquisition and retention, and generate revenue growth for companies with annual sales up to $5 billion, across complex and diverse industries.
as you ll see in the following position descriptions, my career in both product management and product marketing has advanced steadily and surely upward from my early position as a senior product manager with apple to my most recent position as head of product and marketing at a stealth mode startup. thanks to my dual roles in product management and product marketing management, i ve developed an unusually strong and diverse set of skills in areas such as product development, mobile devices and applications, cloud computing, agile methodologies, start-ups, product marketing, and competitive analysis. in addition to my extensive cross-functional team management abilities, i m able to develop financial models, conduct design thinking exercises, as well as understand and design complex technical systems. i can drop into a new industry easily, see the market factors at work, the culture of the company, and adapt accordingly.
accomplished marketing and business development professional with proven success in brand management, negotiating and activating integrated marketing partnerships, revenue generation, sponsorship consulting, retail development, licensing, account management and brand activation. experience developing brands across a diverse portfolio of categories including sporting goods, financial services & insurance, aerospace, cpg, consumer electronics, hospitality, retail, adult beverage, telecom, military services, tourism, casual dining, fuels, and sports nutrition. have held positions on the agency, brand and sports/entertainment property side of the business.
experienced fortune 500 executive and motivational team leader. known for team building, customer service, and having a passion for helping others achieve their goals. i have implemented various policies and strategies that have increased workplace moral, utilization & intrapreneurship. able to process critical feedback through qualitative and quantitative analysis to further improve internal processes. along with my organizational communication background, i also have a strong technological proficiency. other skills include microsoft office suite, apple ios and osx troubleshooting event planning project management public speaking coaching
i spent 15+ years in a variety of customer facing roles including marketing, go-to-market and revenue growth for b2b and b2b2c saas / enterprise software companies. expertise product marketing || demand generation || content marketing || marketing communications || customer marketing || user acquisition || lifecycle engagement and retention || event & field marketing || community specific efforts that i've led - help large public enterprise software companies create new market categories (or market entry) for strategic business units -- either newly acquired start-ups and / or other existing business units with hyper growth - help growth stage / pre-ipo companies scale to market demand, accelerate pipeline and optimize revenue - help b2b marketplaces accelerate growth by creating new subscription revenue - help saas companies scale by entering new markets in europe and vice versa - help saas companies with a proven smb product move into the enterprise - help seed and series a companies go to market / get acquired
we weren t put on this earth to just think and act like everyone else...
rare combination of brand + digital (20+ years). ability to build teams that drive exceptional growth and can navigate uncharted waters. startups to fortune 500. consumer goods | e-commerce | retail | media/technology | causes. my background includes all aspects of marketing, brand positioning, advertising, digital marketing, social media, and e-commerce for companies ranging from early-stage venture capital and corporate-backed startups to top global brands such as disney, yahoo! and pepsi. leading e-commerce/retail employers have included crate & barrel (cmo), stitch fix (cmo), untuckit (cmo), and gap subsidiaries, piperlime (founding team/cmo) and banana republic. i began working in ecommerce starting in 1999 and have a great love for driving revenue and building brands in the digital space. prior to my marketing career, i was with two global public relations firms, edelman and fleishman-hillard, and worked on capitol hill. specialties advisory, analytics, audience development, board member, brand awareness, brand identity, brand strategy, channel strategy, chief marketing officer, cmo, content marketing, creative, culture change, digital content, digital marketing, fortune 500, leadership, marketing, mobile strategy, multi-platform marketing, partnerships, product launches, public relations strategy, retail concepts, roi, sales growth, social media, startups, talent acquisition, talent management, team building.
social media and digital marketer. 30+ years of experience in strategic and operative marketing, exhibit, and brand management for north america. digital marketing, social media campaign management, and content writer. market research, lead generation campaigns based on marketing and sales strategies. customer satisfaction and increasing profitable growth for tente. german native with excellent technical translation skills. skilled in adobe cc photoshop, indesign, illustrator, acrobat pro, microsoft office [excel, word, powerpoint, outlook, sharepoint, teams, planner]. highly skilled in social media channels linkedin and twitter strategy and content management. hootsuite, cava, trello, jkt9000, sulu web content management, magento. crm salesforce.com [crm key user of microsoft dynamics 2015 to present. crm salesforce.com system admin and user 2004-2016]
my career has spanned engineering, product management, strategy consulting, and now marketing for a variety of industries consumer, retail, telecom, healthcare, energy and more recently saas. these experiences have shaped my approach to marketing. i strive to build a marketing machine that provides predictable revenue direct revenue (for self-serve and consumer businesses) and pipeline to the sales and channel teams. it takes good branding, messaging and positioning, accurate targeting, great systems engineering in marketing operations, creativity in the design of campaigns, tactical experience in the various channels and excellence in execution of these integrated marketing programs. i built these 'marketing machines', grew and led the demand marketing teams at exelon/constellation (fortune 100 retail energy company), at medallia (enterprise saas startup), pantheon systems (freemium, self-serve/smb and enterprise saas startup), influxdata (open source, commercial self-serve, enterprise), wootric (smb, mid-market), personal capital (b2c), mattermost (open source, enterprise) don't hesitate to contact me directly at benoite benoiteyver.com www.benoiteyver.com
accomplished global chief marketing officer recognized for building businesses and delivering exceptional financial results across both mature and growth markets. advanced through marketing, communications and sales disciplines domestically and internationally while having led marketing transformation and entrepreneurial business building in over 100 countries. recently appointed as executive vice president and chief marketing and e-commerce officer for royal philips based in amsterdam. previously served as senior vice president and chief marketing officer for adp with global end-to-end functional and financial responsibility. centralized function and advanced cross-discipline talent while building data-driven capabilities contributing to double-digit revenue growth in fiscal years 2018 and 2019. designed and launched first-ever global purpose-driven re-brand in adp s history with unified client-centric solution messaging and personalized omni-channel experiences. formerly vice president for ibm's global business services, c-suite and blockchain emerging technology marketing across north america in pursuit of advancing clients' transformational agendas centered on artificial intelligence, cognitive and digital reinvention. in a client-facing capacity, advised select fortune 500 clients on marketing strategy, digital transformation and client experience design. drove growth agenda centered on consulting partnerships with apple, microsoft, salesforce.com, sap, twitter, oracle and workday. previously served as global executive, demand generation and client engagement responsible for a team of 1,600 professionals and a $1.1 billion marketing budget, generating $18+ billion in annual revenue enterprise-wide. while working abroad, served as cmo of central and eastern europe for ibm based in prague and grew revenue and profit annually with double-digit gains. earlier, in the role as marketing and communications director based in dubai, grew ibm s market presence and launched its smarter planet agenda across 3 continents in more than 100 countries spanning central and eastern europe, middle east and africa.
***i'm passionately committed to seeing more black professionals succeed and rise up. if you are a black professional and in need of advice, mentoring, or just want to brainstorm, i'd love to help. you can book a slot here https //calendly.com/jinal-3*** i have worked for and with some of the most admired companies and built a niche connecting brand and e-commerce to drive cultural and commercial impact. i ve had the privilege of successfully leading teams through periods of intense growth, transformation, and turnaround. some highlights vp, e-commerce and digital marketing at s well - led stability and growth of commerce business (dtc and amz) ran industry-leading influencer and content creator practice won influencer marketer of the year award at etail west. taught a case-study at hbs. vp, marketing at newell brands - built (from scratch!) an in-house creative studio of 80+ creatives, producers, and marketers for the ecommerce division of the business. delivered +20% growth in ecomm revenue for 50+ brands such as marmot, elmers glue (yes - slime!), sharpie, foodsaver, graco and others across amazon, dtc, target.com and walmart.com. agency life, the majority as global head of digital strategy at wpp s j. walter thompson - launched global content studio and was north american m.d for the business, led integrated marketing and content strategy work for retail and beauty clients such as estee lauder, revlon, nestle, avon, and macy s. developed 360 advertising experience across all channels branded content, digital, tv, radio, retail, shopper marketing, and experiential. - known for breaking down silos, championing creativity, and merging data-based decision making with informed intuition - relentlessly disciplined and build optimistic, diverse, no-assholes teams - ranked by the guardian as one of ten digital strategists to watch imedia s top 25 internet innovators - work has won awards at etail west, webby, adc, clip, gold and silver lions, demo conference etc. - advisory board member at cfda and mentor at parsons
visionary marketing leader transforming global marketing strategy for the automotive industry to align with the evolving purchasing habits of a tech savvy customer. bring creative and content strategies to life with optimization of media mix and web channel performance in print advertising, digital/social media, e-commerce and in-store serve as a digital evangelist, innovator and champion for change, providing inspiration, leadership and guidance to company executives and teams. deploy tactical execution through the use of innovative digital/social shopping tools to create an engaging customer experience and overcome buyer resistance. spearheaded development of all-new tablet-based shopping tools to promote vehicles and streamline the living-room to showroom shopping experience and increase dealer opportunity for engagement earlier in purchasing path. lead high-performance teams, working seamlessly across functions, delivering and exceeding performance metrics. specialities global brand marketing integrated marketing strategic planning budget planning/forecasting mobile strategy social media strategy seo/sem strategy customer experience program design crm strategy data analytics content strategy product launch strategy agency management creative development consumer insights multicultural marketing competitive analysis
seasoned business executive, speaker, mentor and board member with 20+ years of marketing and general management experience spanning across software, hardware, tech services, b2b, b2c and it. focus on product and technology marketing includes bringing new products and services to market and developing pipeline and incremental revenue streams for existing products through partnerships and strategic alliances. expertise in sales enablement, customer and sales content strategy, messaging and value proposition alignment and driving business relevancy. i've enjoyed working in both pre and post ipo companies and also built a small business that created an after-market for multi-media tools and ip. my work at cisco focused on enabling customers to transform their organizations through business conversations with senior it leaders and cxos and creating scalable, replicable marketing initiatives that connect our povs in the market to the plays running in country. at salesforce, i led the organization responsible for the strategy, planning and execution of global, integrated go-to-market campaigns that drove pipeline, customer acquisition, loyalty and revenue generation across the portfolio. i also built and led the service marketing organization responsible for services pipeline.. i also had a brief career in broadcast journalism and still enjoy writing, presenting and participating in industry speaking engagements as well as web and video broadcasts. specialties marketing strategy, writing, persuasive negotiation, forging strategic partnerships, and driving ecosystem partner collaboration. creating integrated, scalable global marketing programs that drive pipe and revenue. global content strategy.
i like to market products that i would evangelize whether or not it was my job. i'm currently delivering happiness at zoom. zoom unifies cloud video conferencing, simple online meetings, group messaging, and a software-defined conference room solution into one easy-to-use platform. please take a look at zoom.com my expertise is in product marketing, international marketing, marketing strategy, sales enablement, social selling, new product development, go-to-market launches, nps (net promoter score) analysis, industry analyst relations, running user conferences and thought leader or influencer marketing. i also write and speak on collaboration, technology, marketing (especially product marketing), professional relationships and occasionally waffles. you can find my writing on my personal blog and of course, on linkedin. if i can help you in some way, please don't hesitate to reach out. generally, i do not connect on linkedin with people that i do not know, but if you'd like to chat, tweet me or send me an inmail.
data-driven revenue leader. focused team-leader skilled in consistently delivering innovation, visibility, and sales for on- and off-line marketing, demand generation and sales programs. expert in building strong organizations with a 360-marketing mix / demand generation programs including market research, product marketing, category creation, customer marketing, content marketing, social media, trade shows & events, digital, direct marketing, public relations, advertising, e-mail, analysis, crm, marketing automation, seo / ppc, creative brainstorming, sales / market development strategy and alliances / partnerships. passion for conceptualizing and implementing marketing and sales strategy, exceeding targeted projections, and leading teams for both b2b & b2c programs. strengthens organization with out-of-the-box thinking and an entrepreneurial spirit. specialties building teams, large team leadership, lead / demand generation, technology stack implementation and orchestration, revenue operations, marketing operations, sales operations, category creation / development, problem-solving & optimizing, account based marketing (abm), business / sales development, strategy & analysis, go-to-market strategy, public relations, branding, content creation, international marketing, tactical execution, marketing mix integration, start-up organization, growth, turn-arounds, and operations.
creative, energetic and results-oriented product marketing leader with a proven ability to build strong teams and drive growth.
20+ years of media experience, between publishing and digital media. sales management and scaling of teams strategic partnerships and business development currently leading linkedin's marketing solutions business. past member of executive team at dstillery(formerly media6degrees). led revenue generation and marketing efforts for 110-person organization. collaborated on overall strategy, product road maps/prioritization, partner development, and p&l management. built entire organization and strategy for multi-billion $ business inside of google. oversaw the operations of a global team with direct-line and indirect management responsibilities of fastest growing channel at google. many public speaking appearances including keynotes and panels at industry-leading events/forums. appearances/mentions include tv, newspaper, magazines, and radio. inducted into aaf advertising hall of achievement and recognized on adage digital a-list specialties team building, revenue driving, marketing/branding, sales strategy, client focus, resource allocation, ad technology, and online/offline publishing
accomplished product marketing leader with more than 15 years of experience designing and executing gtm strategies for innovative, high-growth software solutions. i helped early stage start-ups and large enterprise software companies drive market awareness and pipeline growth. i build high performing teams that foster cross-collaboration between product, sales and marketing and deliver differentiated positioning for business and technology buying centers. i design best practices to accelerate sales cycles with sales enablement, solution packaging, and competitive intelligence. i bring a unique blend of strategic analytical capabilities, innovative thinking and proven execution skills that produce top line results. i ve covered a wide range of software solutions throughout my career big data management, business intelligence and analytics, enterprise mobility, configure-price-quote and enterprise profitability. core competencies strategy, product marketing, go-to-market strategy, thought leadership, positioning and messaging, category creation, cross-functional leadership, new product launch, saas packaging, sales enablement, account based marketing, partner marketing, analyst relations, earned awareness
president and cgo with a consistent track record in creating and building brands, leading successful turnarounds, and growing profitable businesses in the us and globally against intense competition. recognized as an inspirational leader, who defines a clear vision, and rallies large teams to deliver outstanding results. thrives in ambiguous, change driven environments. specialties p&l growth, strategic vision, portfolio management, global marketing, brand building, cross-functional team building, development & leadership, breakthrough innovation, e-commerce and media, joint ventures.
for over 20 years i've been building, executing and leading marketing & sales programs for b2b technology companies including oracle, salesforce, amazon web services, embarcadero technologies, and borland software.
i am a strategic marketer that has been successful in driving growth in the very competitive digital marketing space. i have been a senior executive in a number of direct to consumer and wholesale businesses throughout my career. early in my career, i was a part of a catalog start-up and i have worked for three large, multi-brand direct marketing companies on the marketing side of the business and have worked as the cmo and general manager of a multi-channel retailer with 150 stores. i also served as the chief digital marketing officer at warnaco (now part of pvh) where i ran the web businesses for speedo, calvin klein underwear and calvin klein jeans. most recently, i joined a client in a newly formed cmo role at amerimark holdings to help centralize marketing across 3 divisions. after 9 months of planning, that role was eliminated. prior to that, i spent 7 years as the president of e-commerce for steve madden where i had full p&l responsibility for the steve madden us site as well as other company managed sites. i was responsible for all traffic being driven to the sites, site conversion and optimization and the day-to-day and strategic operations of the business. we launched, sm pass, an enterprise level, cross channel rewards program that after only 3 months has won an industry award for best customer engagement. in these various roles, the common element is driving traffic to stores, websites or the phones and optimizing conversion of that traffic. using crm techniques, customer segmentation and personalization, each of these businesses have grown. i also developed paid membership programs that have driven millions of dollars of ebitda for brands. i am a collaborative leader who works hard to teach and to learn. i am comfortable in matrix-managed organizations or in a more direct reporting relationship. i mentor a number of start-up and early stage companies in the retail and digital industry. specialties e-commerce marketing, roi analysis on marketing programs, database marketing, research, brand building, e-commerce design, print and paper buying, circulation, promotion, credit marketing, paid search, seo, affiliate marketing, comparison shopping, social media, business development, mobile applications, project management, vendor selection, financial management, loyalty programs, cross-channel marketing, strategic direction, life time value, near term value, marketplace management, analytics, reengineering, digital diagnosis, low hanging fruit, details.
as the vp of brand and creative marketing, jess oversees all branding efforts for grubhub, the nation s largest online marketplace for food-ordering and delivery, and its iconic new york brand, seamless. from launching new markets, to developing compelling campaigns that drive brand love and advocacy, to working with restaurants to tell their unique stories, jess and her team are responsible for making sure grubhub and seamless are a powerful force in culture and meaningful brands in diners lives. prior to grubhub, jess was director of integrated marketing at jockey international where she helped to revitalize the marketing efforts of this 140 year old heritage brand through partnerships with rachel zoe, ellen and major league sport teams like the san francisco giants, naming jockey one of the best brands on social media in 2014. previously, jess helped build arcade, a creative and brand strategy agency within sony music and entertainment in new york that developed campaigns for a range of sony artists as well as brands like coca cola and american express. she started her career in advertising at grey, mcgarrybowen, and laird & partners developing award-winning work for covergirl, disney, crayola and coty fragrances. jess approach to branding - which insists on brands having a purpose in the world - has been profiled by mashable, adage, npr and refinery29, naming jess one of 8 women fighting for gender equality in 2018. she was also acknowledged as one of the top 40 under 40 marketers in the northeast and women to watch in brand marketing by the brand innovators group in 2019.
multidisciplinary team player with strong business acumen and bias for action. success in developing integrated b2b marketing programs, operationalizing scaled programs with keen focus on results and owning end-to-end execution. my strengths and experience are in business storytelling & content development | multichannel marketing | experiential & events | social media & digital | strategic planning | project management | leadership | operations | funnel mindedness | research & analytics | partner marketing
i have a unique mix of technology and business leadership in corporate and series-b stage companies. business leadership includes running product marketing and much more for amazon web services, ceo of a cutting-edge hardware startup at doppler labs, growing microsoft's hardware business from a billion dollar write-off on surface to $5b+, multi-billion dollar licensing businesses, $750m+ online advertising business with 400m+ users in decline and growth, subscription business with $200m+ in revenue, and significant acquisitions. have built significant partnerships across online, apps, and all consumer and commercial channels and competed with and partnered with netscape, google, facebook, apple, twitter, and more. have led engineering, product management, and marcomm teams. and have been through growth, turnaround, startup, and wind-down businesses at the highest scales. i've had these opportunities because i have a track record of building amazing teams who focus on applying customer insight, have a diverse set of experiences that can be broadly applied, have a disruptive bent towards work, and love big challenges with amazing competitors and partner opportunities.
i have a profound desire to help people grow their businesses and realize their potential. our marketing and sales technology connects our clients to more active customers and saves them time to allow them to enjoy their lives more fully.
top-performing event producer and marketing entrepreneur with over 12 years experience leading the creation and active management of diverse experiential marketing programs for b2b, nonprofit and consumer markets. a results-driven event executive recognized for change-management leadership and communicating creative actionable solutions. specializes in managing project teams with unsurpassed collaborative abilities and expertise nurturing high-profile client relationships. experience working in a fast-paced environment, with proven ability to ensure achievement of timeline and revenue targets. 2017 accolades event marketer's 2017 b-to-b dream team bostinno's 50 on fire top 25 event innovators to follow on twitter via bizbash specialties team management & development, content marketing, audience development, change management, brand activation, social media, b2b marketing, vendor negotiations, corporate meetings and trade shows, new business development, product launches, client management, public relations, investor relations.
i am a business strategist & marketer who is passionate about centering companies on their why' as well as their customers experiences. i believe in open leadership the confidence and humility to give up the need to be in control while inspiring commitment from people to accomplish goals. marketing is no longer about campaigns it s about stories, brands, and journeys. instead of focusing on digital marketing, we should concentrate on marketing in a digital world.
a seasoned digital marketing and ecommerce executive with a track record of driving growth in the highly competitive retail space. i am passionate about the convergence between digital and physical retail and have been recognized as an innovative thought leader in the digital industry. i ve spent the last 12+years of my career managing digital marketing and ecommerce businesses having lead organizations in chief marketing officer, svp of digital marketing, chief digital officer, and president/head of ecommerce roles. as a head of marketing, i have owned and managed large marketing budgets where i have been challenged with optimizing media mix and driving performance marketing results to deliver strong traffic and revenue growth. as a general manager of ecommerce, i have owned the online p&l with a proven track record of delivering profitable revenue growth for businesses ranging from $100 million to $1 billion and greater in sales. my leadership style is hands-on and i am highly analytical, having started my marketing career in the direct marketing space. i always strive to build and maintain strong business relationships and i am known for creating a culture of transparency and accountability. specific areas of expertise include strategic planning / p&l accountability, ecommerce / omnichannel retail, leadership development / talent acquisition, digital marketing / brand management, operational efficiency / expense optimization, customer acquisition / customer retention, vendor management / negotiations, roi optimization / financial analytics, process redesign / change management, product launch / management, web analytics, social media, marketing tech stack, ux / ui
dara johnson treseder is a business leader with expertise in building and leading high performing global marketing, communications, and commercial organizations. in 2020, she was recognized by adweek as one of the women trailblazers and by business insider as one of the top 25 most innovative cmos in the world. in 2019, she was named a cmo to watch by business insider and inducted into the advertising hall of achievement, the premier industry recognition for leaders under 40 who are making a significant impact in the industry and in their communities. in 2018, she was recognized by forbes as a cmo next one of the 50 marketing chiefs redefining the role and shaping the future. dara was also recognized in 2018 by adage as one of the women to watch. in 2017, she was recognized on inc. magazine as one of the '30 inspirational women to watch in tech. a respected thought leader and subject matter expert, dara is a sought-out speaker, lecturer, and advisor on marketing, innovation, and growth. she delivers keynotes at several premiere industry conferences, such as those hosted by mma, ces, ana, women of silicon valley, afrotech, lwt, harvard, stanford, and the london school of economics. dara is a frequent contributor to leading publications, including adweek, marketingprofs, the marketing insider, cmo.com, and marketing daily. dara is currently the chief marketing officer at carbon the leading digital manufacturing company. she also serves on the board of pg&e. previously she led marketing and growth efforts at ge, apple, and goldman sachs. dara is an internationally recognized champion of public health, women's issues, and diversity initiatives. she serves on the board of directors of the public health institute.
growth marketing strategist with 15-years of expertise connecting ideas & creative content with channels, technology & data. passionate about brand, culture, and media, with extensive experience in bringing magic and logic together to develop personalized experiences that drive business growth. led the 25+ person team of engagement strategist at ogilvy in bringing data and creativity together to develop personalized experiences that drive business growth. clients included starbucks, showtime, nationwide financial, ikea, american express, aetna, and ups represent data-driven thinking, customer engagement, creative strategy, acquisition, retention, crm capabilities, and analytics, across the ogilvy network for new business pitches expertise in a variety of media strategies focused on driving customer acquisition and retention through tv, programmatic, seo/sem, paid social, & direct marketing (dm/email/sms) technical skills facebook ad manager, ga analytic, google adwords, linkedin ads manager creative skills blog writer with almost 20k followers in li https //blog.albertobrea.com/ ----- feel free to connect with me or drop me a line anytime at email albrea09 gmail.com blog blog.albertobrea.com
operations executive leading by example, driving growth with relationships, designing, and executing business strategies. this has increased productivity, client base, and overall quality. double a solutions is a trusted employer, expert in saas solutions, and a partner to enterprise-level corporations. 'do what you do so well that they will want to see it again and bring their friends.' - walt disney let's be friends! send me a message, i look forward to hearing from you! -adam
william, an entrepreneur and creator of pcrecruiter, the leading recruiting and applicant tracking solution, has been in the technology field since his early career. his company is growing steady, both domestic and internationally. dealing with hong kong, japan, china, all of europe, australia, along with both north and south america, william's knowledge of international trade became extensive. pcrecruiter applicant tracking software (ats), software as a service (saas), recruiting crm, recruiting software, full outlook integration, ats implementation
i m an innovation-centric global business leader who consistently creates brand and revenue growth through change-oriented initiatives, including breaking2 and the launch of nike snkrs app. with a background in communications as well as enterprise and consumer-facing technology, i bring a unique expertise in all aspects of product creation, go-to market strategy and operations. a passionate executive, i strive to ignite excitement and purpose across multi-disciplinary and international teams. i work with a fierce commitment to bring out the best in each team and finding unique and innovative ways to solve problems. i am dedicated to bringing creative thinking into corporate boardrooms and thrive on challenging both stakeholders and supporting teams to find new solutions rather than sticking with legacy methodologies. i tend to relish in the challenge of high-performing, nebulous environments in which i can catalyze change by marrying strategy and operations. with a demonstrated ability to quickly and proficiently understand and absorb new information, i can sift quickly between important details and noise, seeing the end result while making quick and thoughtful decisions to operationalize transversal teams. additional strengths include ecommerce, communications, digital / mobile / social marketing, brand strategy, operations, product strategy and launch, apps, technology, public speaking (media trained), business development, pop/youth culture, fashion and sports. sector experience fashion, sports, digital, fmcg, watches, jewelry, wine, sprits, specialty retail, luxury, sneakers, streetwear, consumer goods, b2b, technology, global markets, agency, and start-ups.
i am an execution-focused leader with 8+ years of partnership, strategy, and operational expertise building brands and b2c programs that scale the retail, hospitality, and not for profit (nonprofit) sectors. known for cross-functional consensus building, communication skills, relationship management and analytical decision-making. dynamic, confident personality with the ability to successfully define and drive project execution with minimal guidance amidst multiple priorities and goals. skilled in analytical decision-making, building 'something from nothing', and earning trust across all levels of an organization. core competencies executive communications | program strategy & implementation | kpis | budgeting | crm coaching and mentoring | project intake and prioritization | project governance | forecast market trends social media strategy | content development | client services | contract negotiations | brand awareness quantifiable and quantitative data analysis | multi-channel marketing strategy | community engagement
digital/ social-first global marketing leader and brand builder. mad passion for building, growing and elevating brands through storytelling, content, community, influencers, experiences and culture. creative connector with a love for great creative and data. enthusiastic advocate for inclusion and diversity, looking to make the world a little better. - brand building - digital, social, mobile marketing - growth marketing - media planning/ strategy - communications/ pr - content strategy - influencer marketing - experiential marketing - video marketing - app marketing - e-commerce - strategic planning - innovator of new business models - creative excellence - energizer of high-performing teams - market research, insights and analytics - building strategic partnerships - energizer of high performing teams
vice president of marketing and strategic planning with sentext. developing and launching new branding, culture, website, collateral, crm and other strategies to bring sentext to the forefront of the text marketing industry. mobile/social/digital marketing consultant with high level b2b experience and a flair for succeeding where others don't. seeking companies and small business owners who want to bring their marketing presence above and beyond their current level of reach and engagement. currently utilizing a suite of mobile solutions and digital strategies to solve the mystery of customer connection. any business or organization can benefit from text/mobile marketing. sending sms text sms messages to promote alerts, promotions, engagement, events, communications and contests are instant and have an 99% read rate.
with 15+ years experience in driving results for hyper-growth organizations through process-driven, scalable and repeatable marketing models, tami knows what it takes to drive awareness, engagement and immediate growth. whether at the startup stages, accelerating hyper-growth following a fundraising round, or delivering world-class strategies as an enterprise behemoth, tami has an insatiable desire to drive an innovative approach that fuels disruption. tami is the co-founder of 31south, an experiential and disruptive marketing agency focused on hyper-growth companies. previously, tami joined one the fastest-growing b2b saas startups in the u.s. as the first marketing hire at salesloft to scale the marketing team and lead branding, customer marketing, content marketing, and lead generation initiatives across multiple platforms. a champion for disruptive marketing and taking big risks to gain traction, tami's expertise center on go-to-market strategy and disruptive initiatives across multiple platforms. a former ncaa division 1 collegiate tennis player and all-intercollegiate tennis association scholar-athlete, tami serves on the executive board for the kula project, and is an advocate for rhino conservation in southern africa. rooted firmly in south african soil, tami calls atlanta home, a city she believes holds exponential potential and a distinct flavor of home.
i've spent the last decade managing development teams, marketing teams and product strategy for enterprise b2b saas companies. i m particularly passionate about the intersection of product, marketing, sales, and data. a passionate investor in early-stage companies who are looking for expertise in sales & marketing, strategy and management. specialties business start-ups, strategic planning, financial management, negotiating, product marketing.
have me as the marketing speaker at your event! send me an email at contact socialmediab2b.com to discuss content and availability. see speaking video in my profile below for a sample of my content and presentation skills. as co-author of the b2b social media book, i basically eat, sleep and breath marketing. the book is a collection of my b2b marketing knowledge, ideas, and advice. b2b social media and b2b marketing i am a b2b social media and b2b marketing blogger and speaker. i am passionate about how b2b marketers can use social media to generate lower cost leads to drive revenue. b2b marketing is under appreciated. some b2b ceos write marketing off to arts and crafts time. it isn't. instead b2b marketing is important to the health and growth of a business. social media enable marketers to increase product demand in a low cost manner. check out socialmediab2b.com for articles on social media's application for b2b marketing. b2b inbound marketing and b2b marketing inbound marketing is the driving methodology that all marketers should adopt to help transform their marketing from a world of cold calls, trade shows and yellow page ads to a world where customers find a business sat the moment they need its product or service through social media, blogging, search engine optimization, etc. social media is only one part of an inbound marketing strategy. at hubspot i lead a team of marketers who create and distribute content that helps drive top of the funnel demand for our b2b marketing software. b2b marketing keywords b2b marketing, b2b social media, social media marketing, inbound marketing, b2b blogging, b2b lead generation specialties b2b social media, b2b marketing, b2b content, b2b blogging, b2b social media lead generation, social media speaker, inbound marketing, content creation, marketing speaker, marketing keynote presenter, social media marketing speaker
please follow email business inquiries to hello patrickburns.co schedule a free consultation to help build your brand! every brand needs a guide. it can seem overwhelming trying to digest the endless information and learn the complex technology when building a brand online. it's frustrating when your brand's voice falls on deaf ears. finally, watching a competitor dominate the online market with an inferior product, or service can be the most disheartening. patrick burns comes as a guide to help you overcome these challenges. he is a digital marketing consultant. averaging 1 million + views every month from content marketing. he has worked in various industries to build brands online. from helping the development of your message to the tactical ways of distributing that message everywhere. he covers it all. meanwhile making the steps simple, and straightforward so that you can execute them easily. 'my dream is to make yours come true.' - patrick burns digital marketing specialist founder of patrick burns co. twitter patrickburnsco instagram patrickburnsco facebook patrickburnsco
marketing leader. tech industry expert. passionate about beautiful design, powerful language, and making the lives of marketers easier. currently managing a team of smart, creative, results-focused marketing pros who help marketing leaders stress less, drive more sales, and look like heroes. previously spent over two decades using results-driven marketing to win (and keep) more customers for tech companies. catalyst services marketing strategy, lead generation, website design, branding, content development, social and paid media planning, and search engine optimization (seo).
serious about the business of fun and doing things that have never been done.
trendsetter. visionary. able to bridge the chasm between technical marketing expertise and delivering business value. and, while i strive to be that guy, i truly define myself by culture. a happy warrior who builds innovative teams that develop innovative and effective marketing campaigns around the world s coolest lifestyle brands. i stay close to what s trending to remain fresh and engaged with the consumers to which i market. i ve developed and executed first-of-their-kind marketing initiatives for nike, adidas, paramount, activision and buzzfeed, which, in part, have led to recognition on lists such as forbes 2015 30 under 30 and brand innovators 2017 40 under 40 . currently, i m the chief marketing officer at kajabi. i obsess about human capital because people matter, and i endeavor to create internal cultures which encourage teams to perform at their peak potential. i venture to ensure that those on my team are able to use their time under my leadership as a launchpad for their careers. over the course of my career, i ve had the opportunity to learn from the best people who ensured i was truly immersed within the industry. from cutting tv spots and trailers to throwing the world s most acclaimed experiential activations, from developing digital campaigns to initiating game changing partnerships, i ve touched it all. one person can t build a new division within a century-old company on their own. as an executive, i strive to be the kind of leader who recognizes talent and builds culturally-relevant organizations from the ground up. i truly believe that the more exposure teams get, the better prepared they ll be to face the emerging business landscape and positively affect change.
jon suarez-davis (jsd) is senior vice president and chief strategy officer of the marketing cloud at salesforce, where he is responsible for developing technology solutions that empower marketers to deliver connected, personalized, and real-time brand experiences across channels and throughout the consumer journey at scale. previously, jon was chief marketing & strategy officer, krux, where he oversaw global marketing communications and brand-building initiatives designed to elevate the krux brand and accelerate growth across key customer segments. the category-leading data management platform (dmp) krux was acquired by salesforce in october 2016. jon joined krux after six years at the kellogg company, where he was vice president of global media & digital strategy. at the kellogg company, jon was responsible for building the media and digital marketing team within the capability & commercialization organization (cco), and for providing strategic leadership for the global marketing organization across paid, owned and earned channels. in addition, jon led the north america media strategy and social media management teams. before his career at the kellogg company, jon was svp of digital strategy and planning at leo burnett/starcom, where he was a member of the leadership team responsible for the global kellogg account. previously, he played a leadership role in building biggs|gilmore now vml into one of the most awarded and recognized digital agencies in north america. jon is a member of the adweek advisory board, the mobile marketing association north america board of directors, and the ridge ventures cmo advisory board, and is a frequent speaker at industry events including ana, iab, ces, and the festival of media. the internationalist named jon an internationalist of the year in 2014, as well as to their 100 marketing leaders list in 2013 and 2014.
come join us! looking for talents in data analytics, performance marketing, product, bd and creative production. message me if you are interested in joining a fast-growing startup in la! product marketing leader with proven track record of building high performing marketing programs. developed scalable initiatives through cutting-edge techniques that consistently drive both marketing efficiency and effectiveness. specialties growth, user acquisition, b2c & b2b marketing, creative strategy, digital advertising, international expansion, data analytics, product management, strategy consulting
hi there, i m a marketing strategist with 6+ years of experience developing cutting-edge social media campaigns focused on increasing customer-acquisition and brand awareness. my deep understanding of the entertainment, technology, and retail industries, both as a marketer and as a personal brand has helped businesses generate millions of dollars in sales, impressive social media followings, and create meaningful interactions with customers. i strongly believe that in order to make a long-lasting impact, we must lead with an audience-first and data-driven mentality. my passion for storytelling and coaching motivates me to continuously share the latest marketing trends on my social media pages through videos, expert interviews, and articles. due to this success, i've had the privilege of taking my presentations and case studies to stages worldwide at vidsummit, content marketing conference, growth marketing conference, search marketing summit, and others. please reach out at storiesnatalie gmail.com.
i am a seasoned, highly proactive and enthusiastic marketing professional with extensive experience in b2b, b2c integrated marketing. i thrive in a fast paced environment. i am passionate about messaging, branding, tracking and analyzing results and unlocking the value of marketing in driving business results. i have experience in digital marketing, integrated marketing campaigns, product lunch, program management, lead generation, marcom, branding, and event management strong written and verbal communication skills a can do attitude i am a highly creative thinker, independent starter, and team leader very ambitious and motivated to make an impact a team player and people oriented a keen learner technology oriented my specialties are marketing (online and offline) strategy branding social media marketing project management advertising event management content development content curation customer relations partnership and vendor management leadership team management my skill sets marketo, sfdc, google adwords, facebook ads, twitter ads, hootsuite, bufferapps, google and facebook analytics, omniture, wordpress, dreamweaver, html, balsamiq, jira, wrike, smartsheet and workfront (user + admin level), microsoft office social platforms i use facebook, twitter, linkedin, youtube, google+, pinterest
passionate and data-driven product marketing and brand marketing executive with expertise in integrated marketing including brand strategy, creative, media, growth, product marketing, consumer insights, sales marketing, partnerships, pr, influencers, and social media team leadership successfully grown and lead multi-faceted marketing organizations and cross-functional teams. compassionate leader, mentor and manager. mission and values driven - actively involved in recruiting, diversity & inclusion efforts, company values creation, leadership development. marketing strategy, analysis and execution highly skilled in marketing strategy, strategic marketing plan development and execution. strong bias to action and ability to trailblaze in ambiguous, high-expectation environments industry expertise strong b2c marketer in consumer products, sports/fitness, entertainment, retail, and technology. competent b2b experience in advertising technology / adtech specialties brand management, consulting, contract management, customer relations, fashion, functional, government, marketing, merchandising, negotiation, organizational skills, packaging, plan development, positioning, pricing, project management, proposal writing, qualitative research, sales, strategic,
living at the intersection of lifestyle, sustainability and business.
experienced and passionate marketing vp with over 12+ years of experience, a demonstrated history of working and leading teams across the consumer goods, alcohol beverage and beauty industries in both global and domestic roles. well rounded and skilled in brand building, communication & digital strategy and transformation, media planning & buying, experiential marketing & sponsorships, innovation and earned media.
my work has been published across espn, major league baseball, palm transit, the florida weekly, and the palm beach post. most recently, i worked directly for the ceo of fitteam global, a health and fitness supplement company, as digital marketing manager. i am currently pursuing a career in digital marketing and creative services.
i'm a dc-based marketer and curious problem-solver. over the last 7+ years, i ve worked at three saas-based companies across b2b and b2c, helping to elevate their brands and accelerate their growth. -- i love taking ideas from concept to execution and creating marketing that drives people to take action. i believe successful marketing teams are equal parts creative, process-oriented, and results-driven. when not thinking about or doing marketing, you will find me spending time with family and wrangling my two energetic kiddos. i am currently taking on a limited number of consulting engagements. if you are interested in working with me, please send me an email at katherinesarahmitchell gmail.com.
i help brands, creators and entrepreneurs grow their businesses, leveraging what i've learned from my 15+ years of experience in marketing, design, and operations. i've built my own youtube channel from scratch to over 20 million views, and had the good fortune to work inside global corporations, venture-backed startups, and agencies, working on everything from apparel (hollister/abercrombie) to cpg (febreze/swiffer) to online education (creativelive, urm academy). the details change, but at the end of the day, it's all the same core challenge what should we make, who should we make it for, and how should we talk to them about it and of course, relentlessly executing day after day after day. i'm obsessed with delivering results by coupling data with creativity, bringing together teams of great people to do what's never been done before, and having a blast along the way. when i'm not buried in spreadsheets or making videos and podcasts, i'm on the mats at the jiu-jitsu academy, doing something outdoors with my wife, or eating poke.
dynamic marketer on a mission to build brands that are iconic in culture and meaningful to people s lives
creative powered by technology
i m a results-focused, quality-driven marketing professional with over 10 years of experience planning, implementing and managing online marketing campaigns for b2b and b2c companies. as marketing manager for mymedleads, i oversee the implementation and execution of both traditional and digital marketing strategies, improving brand awareness, generating demand and increasing qualified leads. i also work closely with clients in creating and optimizing their marketing automation systems to drive higher lead-to-patient conversion rates. _______________________________________________________________________________ about mymedleads mymedleads helps elective care medical practices increase revenue. our lead management and sales automation tools utilize powerful call tracking software and website integration to capture, track and convert more leads into paying patients. automated sales funnel workflows drive action and eliminate tedious processes, like creating follow-up lists, tracking response time, sending marketing emails, recall messages, and patient reminders. robust roi tracking tools quantify the financial value of each marketing investment your practice makes, helping you transform your advertising process into a performance-oriented revenue driver. mymedleads integrates seamlessly with leading practice management software for seamless scheduling of leads.
hello! my name is emily and i am a performance and growth marketer based in san francisco, ca. currently, i run digital marketing & demand generation campaigns at twilio, the developer platform for communications. i am passionate about creating campaigns that genuinely address customer needs, grounded in data analysis and experimentation, with an eye for design. i also enjoy managing internal processes in pursuit of greater efficiency and pleasant collaboration.
results-focused performance marketing and e-commerce leader with proven ability to leverage data and technology to drive growth. 15+ years of acquisition, cross-sell and retention marketing experience, spanning digital and traditional channels, from fortune 50 corporations to dtc startups. experienced in building and leading high-performing marketing, analytics, e-commerce, and digital product teams, increasing sophistication of marketing organizations and leading across functions to drive execution. mba from kellogg school of management and bachelor s degrees from mit.
experienced director of field marketing with a demonstrated history of working in high tech. expert communicator, problem-solver, creator and people enthusiast.
i bring a wealth of information as both a digital marketing and social media specialist. i am an enthusiastic and talented designer, ready to deliver attractive custom page posts for facebook, twitter, gmb, instagram and linkedin company pages. strengths and specialties include - copywriting for custom social media posts, and creating graphics in adobe photoshop and canva - scheduling page posts in buffer, hootsuite, sendible, and social report - submiting, claiming and editing business/citations on a variety of listing sites - maintaining crm's to include salesforce and sugar
are you seeking business growth but not ready for a full-time marketing executive a fractional cmo might be a perfect fit. call 512-657-0294 or email haley kuware.com to discuss. fractional cmo in my prior role as the regional marketing director of chartwells higher education, i managed 50 accounts across 10 states while coordinating all communication activities for a $125 million portfolio of campus dining accounts across the central usa. while doing so, i achieved 100% account retention, managed consumer-focused campaigns, and partnered with national brands. prior to this position, i was a senior sales director at ssc service solutions pursuing multi-million dollar business partnerships with c-suite executives. i was instrumental in growing my division's business from $400,000/year to $180+ million/year. throughout my career, i ve earned respect for designing groundbreaking solutions that drive aggressive growth for multinational brands. exceptionally well-versed in all aspects of marketing and communications, i offer a track record of generating multimillion-dollar growth and expanding revenue streams. with a talent for acting as corporate spokesperson and voice of the customer, i am committed to improving bottom-line profitability while achieving the highest levels of brand awareness. leadership strengths audience engagement integrated marketing campaigns brand positioning advertising & promotions social media & web content content strategy presentations & proposals high-impact marketing tactics press releases articles & newsletters staff management & motivation media relations request for proposals (rfps) lead & demand generation art direction
get ready for post-crisis business recovery with pricing and shopper insights. chris.clement pricebeam.com while the immediate issue for most businesses and countries is the shutdown caused by covid-19 pandemic right now, it is also prudent to plan for how business recovery must take place once societies open up again. many industries have experienced a collapse in demand, though some such as remote working and home deliveries have experienced a boom. do you know how your customers and consumers will react once the crisis is over will they demand the same products or services what specific features will be more valued, and what features or benefits will be devalued will your product/service become more valuable to your target market segment in august or september your answer lies in our consumer/customer insights. shopper sentiment, consumer buying behavior and value perception are key parameters to follow once we move into the recovery phase. imagine if you could every 3 months 'take the temperature' of your consumers' buying behaviour and willingness-to-pay for your product/service offerings and even compare it to that of your competition. using pricebeam's hassle-free and affordable tool, that delivers fast results in just 2-5 days, instead of the months of traditional, old-fashioned market research. in the words of one of pricebeam's customers 'pricebeam is at least 5 times faster and is 4 times more affordable than some of our more traditional pricing insights vendors' if you are interested in understanding and tracking your customers' willingness-to-pay in 3, 6 or 9 months from now, then we want to help. during the month of april 2020, we have a special offer for time-series, longitudinal market research. buy one market research study and get it repeated free of charge later in the year, so you can track how consumer willingness-to-pay evolves orders must be received before the end of april 2020. buy one pricebeam study and we then give you credits to run two studies sometime in 2020 for the price of one study, to better understand how the market develops over this critical time. run the first study before july 1st, covering your products and optionally competitive products the second study that we offer you free of charge must run between july 1st and november 1st. it must be a repeat of the first study in terms of product and market scope, and only vary by the period it runs. benefit from pricebeam's excellent analytics to compare differences and track developments between the two studies.
the absolute best part of what i do is when i see a fellow strategic leader's eyes light up as they see the benefits of becoming data-driven, and how achieving true insight can positively impact their business. i have had the distinct pleasure of working for some of the world s leading organizations in a wide range of industries for the past 15 years. throughout my career, i have utilized the collection of valuable data, transformed it into usable information, all to provide actionable insight into improving business strategy and operations with measurable results. and the results continue to be overwhelmingly positive. my teams have achieved the following highlights valuable market insights were used to optimize the features of the primary product offering, which increased the competitive market share of a leisure durable client. key decision factors of an emerging subset of the target market for a higher education client were leveraged to improve its core positioning, which led to record setting enrollment rates. internal procedural efficiencies in research methodology were utilized to achieve higher marketing profitability goals for a beverage client. the streamlining of historical online sales data attributed to key marketing initiatives was developed to significantly increase the roi of the yearly marketing budget for a power tool client. the entire crm database of a hand tool client was analyzed to discover the most valuable lead source, type, and profile in order to achieve record setting funnel conversation rates and annual franchise sales through optimizing lead generation strategies. innovative marketing initiatives were optimized by the continual testing and evaluating of various market solutions, which led to the more efficient completion of strategic goals for a health care client. the effective standing up of analytics performance tracking for a product organization led to uncovering valuable insights and improving future operations for a technology client. these client success stories are what continue to motivate me as i strive to create and capture value as the head of marketing for the chicago analytics group. coming in early 2020, i will be shifting my priorities to the san francisco bay area. for all inquiries, including networking, request for services, and future opportunities, please contact me via a direct message on the linkedin platform.
fascinated by consumer behavior, my career revolves around designing and leading best-in-class marketing strategies that yield profitable growth at top b2c brands in diverse industries. with a history of driving results, i ve consistently led loyalty, digital, membership, sales, and revenue increases that surpassed expectations. i excel at planning a complete marketing project framework from strategy to implementation. i look at things through the lens of the customer first, and then marry those insights with consumer data to bring the vision to life. what differentiates me from other marketing leaders a key to my success as a crm & digital executive is an equal blend of creativity and analytical mindset. as a marketing leader, i tap both strengths in applying data-driven insights to develop marketing strategy that produce results. i'm a multiple award-winner, including the industry freddie award for best hotel loyalty promotion during my time at starwood. my management experience also encompasses leading cross-functional corporate, field marketing, and agency teams with multi-million dollar p&l ownership for large programs. i frequently present at industry conferences as an invited speaker and panelist on customer loyalty topics. specialties customer loyalty & acquisition | crm database marketing | member engagement | brand management | consumer marketing strategies | mobile app | direct marketing channels | customer segmentation | new product launches | consumer promotions | partnership development | marketing plans stephanie.meltzerpaul gmail.com | 201.851.2094
i love creating compelling content across digital platforms. i thoroughly enjoy contributing and collaborating with others on creative challenges. i am an accomplished content and digital media leader with 18+ years of proven success developing and leading strategy for digital outlets to support business objectives and drive long-term revenue growth. i am experienced in managing across global matrixed environments, coordinating teams of production, marketing and communications, design, business development, and freelance writers. i have consistently delivered high-impact, creative content that increased brand awareness and engagement. among the projects that i have contributed and collaborated, here is some achievements i am proud to share increased content by 50% leading to a 151% traffic increase for ebay. improved social media presence for cbs sports by 200% on facebook and twitter. managed the social media strategy for super bowl xlvii aka the blackout bowl aka the harbaugh bowl aka the san francisco 49ers vs the baltimore ravens, the most-watched super bowl to date. core strengths social media & digital partnership development optimizing content writing & editing freelance/contractor management matrix environments cross-functional teams paid media strategy creative storytelling brand awareness audience engagement marketing strategy my professional goal is to some day run the content & social media strategy for a major brand.
i head up marketing for google cloud - google s fast-growing enterprise cloud business, including google cloud platform ('gcp') and g suite (gmail, docs, sheets, drive, calendar). i love that my role draws from my diverse experiences, most recently as an operating partner at emergence capital, a leading silicon valley venture capital firm focused on enterprise cloud companies. earlier in my career, i co-founded quickenloans at intuit, ran marketing at a venture-backed company, and served as executive director of the harvard business school california research center. i started my career as an investment banking analyst at morgan stanley. i'm honored that i was named by the san francisco business journal as one of the most influential women in the bay area. 
i am a senior-level integrated 'swiss army knife' creative leader and business builder with proven experience devising strategic plans, increasing brand awareness, engaging audiences, boosting revenue, and marketing products/services for global audiences. programs i have led are interconnectedly led by data and intuition to develop and execute high-caliber marketing campaigns, content, videos, social-native programs, artist programs, educational conferences, and special events in the realm of arts and culture. i am passionate about immersing communities in authentic cultural experiences. i am a strategic doer who can seamlessly pivot from strategy to execution. i am a seasoned team leader dedicated to developing and mentoring engaged and happy teams that work well together. expertise + creative direction & strategy + integrated campaign management + experiential + programming, content, editorial & curatorial services + content and social media initiatives + energy marketing + culture & trend forecasting + product marketing + community development + partnership development & sponsorship management + talent management + creative production in all mediums (event, print, digital) + art direction + budget, vendor & contract management + leading large teams + global team management + sales i am proud to work with clients including airbnb, uber, delta, civic entertainment group, samsung, cash studios, toyota, pepsi, dwell magazine, moleskine, kate spade, real simple magazine, japanese trade commission, felissimo design house, good magazine and other. full portfolio of work available upon request.
growth driver for vc-backed technology ventures. digital marketing and cx leader. dtc and b2b saas expert. creator of pypepro , an ai onboarding methodology used by fortune 500 firms. host of the forward focused podcast. profiled in the wall street journal, contributor in forbes and venturebeat. investor.
in my career, brands have relied on me to elevate their strategic marketing capabilities to take on the role of growth engine for the company. i help companies and brands uncover the hidden truth of what s really going on in the business and consumer interactions and teach them a process for connecting with consumers in a powerful and meaningful way to drive accelerated growth and to future proof their business. recognized as subject matter expert in multiple areas, including audience engagement, brand leadership/positioning/transformation, consumer and business insights, digital marketing/transformation, social media, customer experience and storytelling. successfully instituted agile methodologies to enable the company to gain a competitive advantage in a rapidly changing market. conceived, designed, and delivered multiple successful business-critical, innovative initiatives spurring business revenues. implemented highly successful marketing strategies that significantly increased customer engagement and company profitability resulting in repeated business successes. proactively built strong, accountable, high-performance, and mission-driven teams through strong, yet humble leadership always seeking to incorporate ideas and concepts regardless of the inspiration source. lifelong lover of motorcycles and the open road (don't worry, we'll be out of lockdown and back onto them soon enough!)
looking for a new job check out our open positions here sloane-staffing.com/job-listings & follow along on instagram, where we post new jobs daily! sloane_staffing
hey i'm daniel! i am currently the sr. marketing ops manager at servicetitan. before that i did marketing at chownow,oracle, snacknation and the corrao group. --------------------------------- i love demand gen, marketing ops, rev ops and solving problems. i am a former d1 football player at university of cincinnati and san diego. i understand how to work in complex b2b marketing tech stacks like marketo, outreach, chili piper, lean data and more. people would say i am fast learner, positive teammate, quick worker, and creative marketer.
i am strategic, growth-minded product marketing leader and results-driven general manager with experience managing teams, overseeing products from concept to launch, and delivering financial and operations targets. with 13+ years global work experience at well-loved consumer tech brands (hardware + software + marketplaces), strategy consulting and business operations at fast-growing start-ups, i am passionate about influencing the development and messaging of products that bring joy to consumers, leading go-to-market campaigns, and building high-performing, happy teams that are empowered to do their best work.
i have a great respect for and thrive on facilitating the creative process. my aim has always been to create work that showcases the beauty of humans regardless of labels and stigma. we are all purely human. i am an empathetic leader who inspires trust and confidence in my team of extremely talented and creative problem solvers who all agree that the creative process is a team sport. we support one another by being uniquely great at what we do while also being able to jump in and help with any part of a project when needed. i m not afraid to ask the tough questions. i value clear communication, transparency, empathy, and an insatiable desire to continue learning and improving one's skills/craft. twitter & ig ashleyzagst
vineet mehra is a truly global business leader having lived-in and led diverse teams across north america, europe, asia and south america. vineet's global career has had him leading multi-billion dollar organizations across a range of industries including a major p/e backed consumer internet business, consumer health care, retail and beauty care. he is currently global chief marketing officer for walgreens boots alliance $100 billion+ business where he is responsible for laying out the vision and strategic direction for all of wba s marketing activities across their full portfolio of retail (including walgreens and boots) and consumer brands (including no.7). before wba, vineet was global chief marketing officer for ancestry.com, the world's leading consumer genomics company, where he was tasked with modernizing the marketing organization, and bringing consumer genomics into the cultural mainstream while owning ancestry s $1billion+ worldwide revenue target. prior to ancestry, vineet held key leadership positions at johnson & johnson including global president - baby care where he led a $3billion+ flagship portfolio of brands, and global president - marketing services, where he held responsibility for j&j's $2billion+ global media budget, the global digital organization, and global consumer insights & analytics. vineet has received numerous accolades and awards throughout his career. he was named by forbes as one of the world s top 50 cmos, recognized by adweek as one of the top 20 tech-driven cmos, honored with the top 40 under 40 award by both ad age and p&g s alumni association, chair of the jury for the global media awards, and an invited speaker at the prestigious cannes lions festival of creativity. his views and opinions have been quoted in major publications such as the harvard business review, forbes and ad age. vineet is also board chairman for effie worldwide s board of directors made up of the world s most influential marketing leaders.
a highly dynamic, well-rounded and qualified business executive and leader and entrepreneur that excels in environments with a confluence of business, technology, and creativity. over 20 years of innovation and product/solution engineering and marketing in the areas of robotic process automation, networking, network management, software products, telecommunications and saas. expertise span across a multitude of marketing functions including business incubation, product management, product marketing and solution life cycle management, backed by a bsee (univ. of bombay) and an mba (univ. of california, berkeley). successfully led teams for several product lines as well as pre and post chasm market solutions. specialties robotic process automation product line management product marketing product positioning product definition product life-cycle management competitive positioning product roadmap solutions marketing technical services leadership business development networking industry product life cycle led product management managerial and technical leadership orchestration sales enablement channel enablement
currently seeking a new opportunity in the digital marketing space. i would love to utilize my creative and analytical skills to accelerate a company s marketing campaigns and strategy. i got laid off by wayfair during their mass layoffs when covid-19 started. as an e-commerce merchandising strategist, i was responsible for growing wayfair's share of tam (total addressable market) in the home improvement sector. i identified strategic opportunities to improve user experiences on the website, provided customer behavior data analysis, and established the cross-functional framework to execute on those opportunities. i am a self-starter with strong analytical, creative, and interpersonal skills. i love solving complex business marketing problems that require me to wear multiple hats. i am driven by data, progress, and results. i believe in providing actionable insights that add value and tie back to the company's goal.
action-driven leader responsible for strategic planning, implementation, and management of marketing campaigns focusing on brand awareness and lead generation through content management, organic and paid search, and social media marketing. specialties seo & content marketing social media marketing & advertising e-mail marketing
revenue leader | vp of marketing | chief marketing officer leader of all things marketing and sales including demand generation, marketing analytics, mid-funnel acceleration, content, brand, social, web, seo, marketing operations, events, sales development, and closing sales. author of lead generation for dummies. author of numerous lynda.com courses on content strategy. seasoned marketing speaker. content marketing innovator prior to saastr, i led marketo's content marketing center of excellence, developing strategies, creating content, and innovating processes. i led a team of content marketers who produced ebooks, infographics, videos, our famed definitive guides, and more. marketing author in 2014 i published lead generation for dummies which was a fantastic experience writing my own book from start to finish. i worked with a acquisition team and editors at wiley to complete the book, which you can purchase from any major book retailer! i also have published 4 courses with lynda.com--content marketing fundamentals and 3 other content courses. marketing speaker i am an avid marketing speaker focusing on the topics of content marketing, inbound marketing, lead generation, demand generation, social media, marketing operations, and marketing metrics. i have spoken across the country at numerous conferences.
marketer | change agent | naturally curious | tedx speaker | dmnews 40 under 40 data-driven marketing executive with 19+ years of experience in multiple startups, global enterprise technology and privately held companies. known for exceeding objectives through inspiring teams and the implementation of new strategies, effective processes, innovative campaigns and sophisticated marketing technology. i thrive on leading teams to scale pioneering marketing techniques for global impact. dedicated to delivering a superior brand experience from initial acquisition through to loyal customer to increase growth and profitability. specialties leadership, go-to-market strategy, digital marketing, demand generation, strategy, content marketing, integrated campaigns, channel optimization, email marketing, pipeline acceleration, customer acquisition & retention, affiliate marketing, shopping comparison engines/shopping portals, market research, technical marketing -- html and analytics coding, managing data feeds, optimization & testing. recognition 50 brilliant marketers to follow in 2017 | shutterstock 30 tech marketing leaders changing the industry in 2017 | synthesio 8 digital experts entrepreneurs can learn from | entrepreneur magazine 50 most influential women in digital marketing | toprank 2015 most influential marketing technology professionals | heinz marketing top 25 content marketers in enterprise software the west coast edition | skyword 25 women who rock social media | toprank 140 super awesome content marketing twitter accounts every marketer should follow | axonn 50 follow-worthy marketing measurement & digital analytics experts (#26) | automated insights top 50 social business twitter accounts you must follow now (#20) | visible banking the top 100 thought leaders on b2b marketing (#2) | onalytica more http //michellekillebrew.com/expertise
i m a marketing dreamer, builder and leader, who is energized by delighting customers and inspiring teams to deliver creative and differentiated results. throughout my career, i've held executive leadership roles in mid-sized and large enterprise companies including nutanix, good technology, box and cisco. my areas of expertise include growth marketing, brand building, category-creation, go-to-market strategies, ipo-readiness, product and solutions marketing, customer advocacy, and public speaking. i m a native new englander, and will never surrender my 617 area code!
i create content on linkedin with an emphasis on storytelling. please consider it as my portfolio on understanding social media and community engagement. if you don't want to miss out on insightful + thought-provoking content, i send out a weekly curation of can't-miss linkedin posts. check the link in my featured section to sign up!
accomplished and mission/driven in the behavioral healthcare and addiction space with 20 years of experience in marketing, advocacy, sales, operations, pr and business development. expert communicator who has worked with high/level corporate executives at both a strategic and tactical level. skilled at developing and managing relationships with corporate partners, physicians, school systems, managed care providers and elected officials. record of having exceeded quotas, averages, and expectations both in the acquisition of new, and the retention of existing accounts. knowledgeable about healthcare reform including value-based care, accountable care, population health management and patient-centered care that impact physician practices, reimbursement and relationships/alliances hospitals, insurance companies and regulatory agencies. possess strong business/financial acumen (the knowledge and understanding of the financial, accounting, marketing and operational functions). high-energy, results-focused forward thinking process improvement professional with strong leadership skills and an ability to develop effective relationships through influence.
i m an executive focused on growth and impact. common themes in my career include marketing that drives growth, collaborative partnerships, sales leadership and combining the quantitative and creative for dramatic improvements in revenue, positioning and profitability. i pull from a varied background, ranging from technology start-ups to some of the world's largest companies. in my previous role as aon s global cmo and executive committee member, i focused on our marketing programs to support the firm s strategic plans for industry leadership, growth and globalization. at aon i have enjoyed working on multiple acquisitions while rolling out salesforce, client voice programmes such as nps, and globalizing our brand work with our manchester united partnership in 120 countries. i pride myself on being a lgbt ally and sitting on aon s diversity council. i've recently moved from london, returning to chicago. originally from seattle, where my love of the great outdoors originated. my interest in marketing is both professional and personal i enjoy studying great marketing and reading about thoughtful analytics. otherwise i enjoy creating photos, film-making and spending time with my family.
global brand and sales leader in aesthetic, medical and over-the-counter dermatology, with a drive to build new teams who are smart and passionate, improving peoples life through healthy skin and a refined version of themselves. extremely knowledgeable with demonstrated execution in marketing and sales to build global health and wellness brands through nutritional platforms from natural/organic, baby to adult nutrition, sports nutrition, helping extremely ill pre-mature babies who mature and thrive as healthy adults and cancer patients who endure a high quality of life. my passion is to improve people's life through their own unique journey.
sydney brings 8 years of marketing, product, and program management experience, including proven success in b2b and b2c at google, yelp, and nextdoor. she champions diversity, equity, and inclusion across the technology industry. sydney is passionate about leveraging technology to discover and express a shared humanity.
results-oriented, award winning marketing executive who develops and executes integrated marketing campaigns, marketing materials, new business presentations and all aspects of media plans. strong leader who knows how to help people through the bad days and is always ready to celebrate the good ones. always challenging myself to learn more and bring something new to the table, i have done everything from creating new radio ad units to building a blimp what can i do for you email contact cherielc gmail.com integrated marketing media planning product launches experiential digital marketing social media business development partnerships event marketing b2b b2c account service strategic alliances
currently helping build the sports 1 marketing and david meltzer brand. talent booker for entrepreneur magazine s the playbook podcast with host, david meltzer. please contact me for anything at all - happy to bring value in any way that i can!
top 50 cmo by forbes magazine & ceo world. top 50 cmo global social influencer, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018. 2019 brand & digital visionary, 2015, 2016, chief experience officer (cxo) of the year, 2017, 2018. https //www.hopefrank.com/ expert digital marketer to c-suite. cto, cio, cfo, cmo and smbs, broad tenure in saas and global enterprise, b2b and b2c chief marketing & digital officer, global experience officer, vp marketing, chief strategy officer, merger & acquisitions, vp digital, vp corporate mkt, vp global mkt communications proven global product, brand builder and business leader. strategic thinker coupled with innovative ability to balance ideation and analytical problem solving. built a consistent track record of results through innovation, collaboration and hands-on execution. deep experience executing strategic and campaign level marketing processes and leading large teams through complex marketing operations. cybersecurity, infosecurity, privacy, big data, iot focused on smart platforms and solutions, artificial intelligence, predictive intelligence, machine learning, virtual reality, augmented reality, mixed reality, 5g, lte, sdn & son, nfv, 3d standards, video stream optimization, mobile, wireless, merger & acquisition, seo, sem demand generation, crm, performance social, influence, crm, real-time analytics & optimization, member, ima, deg, digital cinema, gaming, wi-fi, sports & entertainment mkt (espn/abc/nbc), ir, pr inclusive of apac, latam, eu, uae developed and led digital training programs in china, india, australia, uae, emea. prior founder digital marketing firm global branding + web, mobile design. clients intel, apple, visa, bofa, charles schwab, msft, nike, cnn, amazon, heads of state inclusive of oscar arias, margaret thatcher, thabo mbeki, vincente fox and mikhail gorbachev, luminaries including jane goodall, carl sagan, and zbigniew brzezinski. personal surfer, windsurfer, athlete mission # protecttheplanet #plasticpledge #ocean
i bring a decade of experience leading cross-platform content production, from ideation through execution and distribution. i'm a big believer in innovation, teamwork, leading with transparency, and always staying curious. it doesn't matter if it's linear, digital, social, or even a handwritten note -- i love telling a good story. i believe great stories are the best marketing any company can create. i lead world-class content teams of visual storytellers and ensure that all organizational channels generate revenue and create tangible value, whether that's via direct-sold content, programmatic revenue, or other strategic partnerships. i'm very data-driven and am a huge advocate of using advanced analytics to guide decision making. in a world now led by digital transformation, i believe pushing the envelope and striving to learn every day are essential for success. and never being afraid to ask questions, even the hard ones. i get excited by thinking strategically and partnering with others to make big ideas happen, whether that's internally or externally. if you have a great idea, come find me! i always find myself at the intersection of global sports, entertainment, tech, and business. i love to compete and challenge myself. i bring my a-game every day. every. single. one. recent awards include - 2020 webby award for social, sports (series & campaigns) -- fifa women's world cup fox sports digital coverage - 2020 people's voice winner, webby awards -- social, sports (series & campaigns) -- cross-platform coverage for fifa women's world cup on fox - 2020 people's voice winner, webby awards -- social, sports (video) -- digital-exclusive feature 'the greatest moment in u.s. soccer history, 20 years later brandi chastain' - 2019 best in sports media award by sports business journal (company-wide award, noted for stellar world cup coverage) - 2018 national emmy for outstanding trans-media sports coverage, fifa world cup on fox - 2017 national emmy for outstanding social tv experience, sports -- 100,000 cameras, ohio state vs. michigan - most improved digital/social club in nfl (awarded by league following 2015-16 season) check out my work www.tylerbeadlescomb.com
i have worked in direct marketing and sales for over 20 years. my mission as leader of this marketing practice is to see to it that our clients engage with the customers they want by creating great content that is activated to sales and turned into revenue. we all know without great content demand generation falls apart. why is it that so much marketing content is ignored i would like to share a totally original recipe for generating great content that will get the attention of the people that actually care about what you can do for them. what's the secret sauce your wondering here are my secret ingredients a) the content is focused on customer problems (not feeds and speeds) b) the content is data driven (so it's believable) c) the audience cares (the content is peer based) d) the content is sales activated (we are responsible for driving the process to the point sales takes the lead over) i have overseen projects that include direct marketing partner marketing lead nurturing and scoring marketing automation and lead scoring channel marketing multi-channel marketing product positioning lead generation programs based on strictly qualified leads building sales enablement tools direct marketing and direct response programs i lead the applied marketing practice for lead to market and have implemented this practice and for more than 200 clients over my career. please take a look at the e-book below to better understand how we do what we do!
as an on-demand fractional chief marketing officer who strategies business growth deeply rooted in the science of marketing , i offer strategy, experience, data-driven decision-making, more leads, scalability, and increased revenue. our integrated marketing programs are designed with the singular purpose of creating hypergrowth. call 512-364-0165 | schedule a time https //kuware.com/cal/mary/ fractional chief marketing officers + marketing strategy and implementation + brand management + digital marketing management + social media marketing + e-commerce and websites + marketing automation and funnels + linkedin prospecting services education + mba (organizational management) + bs (law & society) + aa (liberal arts)
seasoned marketing vet with extensive success record building consumer and entertainment brands and leading marketing strategy to drive deeper connection to key user groups. currently, the head of entertainment, education and diversity creator marketing overseeing youtube's creator marketing programs driving satisfaction, success, and connection for creator communities in the entertainment, education and diversity and inclusion space. this includes working cross-functionally to drive business strategy, product innovation and developing diversity marketing programs that super-serve these audiences against business and creator goals. prior to that, served as global head of digital marketing and influencer outreach and engagement for youtube originals and youtube tv. in this role, grew thriving communities and engaged fandoms around youtube tv, leveraging key sports tentpole moments such as the nba finals and mlb world series to drive high-impact awareness and engagement with a sports-first audience. delivered social success around youtube original s first critically acclaimed breakout hit, cobra kai, while driving cultural acclaim for several other shows including kevin hart what the fit , g-funk (the story of warren g), best shot and global breakouts bts burn the stage (apac) and training days (uk). developed social best practices, new measurement frameworks and integrated campaign strategy inclusive of paid media to drive digital success. passionate culture expert frequently tapped to drive critical partnerships with ngos and key external partners, while speaking and leading meaningful dialogue within the industry around the intersection of tech, entertainment, culture and representation. built multicultural brand and entertainment agency, allied moxy, from the ground up and re-defined the playbook in reaching and engaging african american consumers. adage 2018 40 under 40. work featured in holmes report, chief marketer, blavity, variety and more.
i am an idea-driven person experienced in combining incisive writing, social media management, comprehensive market research, and business development techniques into a holistic marketing and branding strategy.
i believe the biggest threat to brands isn t rejection, but rather indifference. it's why i transform the consumer experience across all touchpoints, crafting meaningful moments that people love to talk about. these moments can span any discipline including service design, product development, interactive media, and, yes, advertising too. it s a conviction that s earned me a track record for award-winning innovations and outstanding business results. put simply, i help organizations of any size think and act like a start-up creating new markets and disrupting existing ones. specialties strategic leadership, digital/social/mobile marketing, brand development, agile marketing, content marketing, innovation, experience design, gamification, crowdsourcing, analytics, attribution modeling, data mining, coaching, & culture building.
relentlessly passionate marketing executive & business leader, with a unique love for tackling the most complex challenges in b2b marketing. have led multiple companies through marketing transformation in a variety of ownership environments including private equity, most recently as cmo of marketo (acquired by adobe for $4.75b in nov. 2018), as well as in public environments as a business unit cmo at adobe and sabre. repeated success building marketing teams that thrive on a hardened foundation of operational rigor, financial discipline and continuous optimization of marketing performance. as a leader, on a more personal level i love building and leading teams that are driven by the power found at the intersection of art & science in marketing. and i recruit marketers willing to serve customers selflessly, every day, as if they are family, as well as communicators capable of combining powerful stories with world-class demand generation strategies to unlock new growth. quite simply, my marketing teams tend to dream in pipeline color, customer needs and coverage ratios, and i live to build the type of 'ride or die' bonnie & clyde partnership between sales & marketing that every high-growth company's dreams are made of.
entrepreneur! dedicated to teaching our clients and agents how to win for their families! #php agency. we are bringing back hope to middle-class america by providing the financial literacy that has been missing in our country for over two generations!! strong business development professional who has started and run several companies! capitalizing on leadership, honor, courage, commitment, and discipline that was developed throughout a twenty-year career in the military!
transformational leader, advisor and marketer managing customer acquisition to adoption and advocacy with experience at global businesses ranging from startups to mid-market to fortune 500. 12 successful exits since 2011 as an operator and advisor, including 2 ipos and 10 mergers and acquisitions. strong ability to optimize current business practices quickly, improving poor performance areas while developing new strategic imperatives. forward thinker leveraging big data and technology to deliver future growth and a sustainable revenue path. specialties * deliver worldwide demand generation and lead nurturing programs * drive sales enablement and partnering with marketing * master at marketing operations, automation, infrastructure and measuring roi * specialize in field marketing strategy and execution * automate and streamline marketing processes * build high-performing teams
innovative, results oriented senior executive in internet, media and technology with extensive experience successfully launching and growing digital businesses at global companies incl. google, modern times group, htc vive and einride. unique expertise and recognized thought leader in digital subscription services, global b2c/b marketing strategy and digital transformation within 'non-digital' companies. passionate about forming and developing world class teams that exceed goals. regular keynote speaker at international conferences such as mwc, gdc, ibc, ces and invited to lecture at harvard, stanford and mit. future astronaut with virgin galactic and founder of wit global women in tech network and events.
i don't know how to really summarize all i do and specialize in, but i will give it a shot in a few small paragraphs! by trade i am a software engineer. i mainly specialize in automation and creating human daily patterns which run on automated robotics. although most don't understand what i do you will find that i am one of the best kept secrets ) organic prospect generation and relationship building is lacking the correct procedure and processes. i am here to fill that void and bring the personal touch back to the 21st century while utilizing automation and still leaving room for the human touch. i have been in programming and online marketing niche for over 12 years. everything i have done has been self taught and 100% original. i lately have been developing proprietary automated software application tools. the best thing about every system i build is i master the marketing angle for each tool so you know exactly what to do to get the maximum lead ratio. if you like out of the box, non saturated private marketing custom tools and would like to have your business concepts integrated please feel free to contact me anytime. if i don't already have it developed i can customize your own! i offer consulting along with my engineering development services. if you need help with strategy to the actual design i can help consult and develop allowing us to streamline your custom goals and plans.
i'm an award-winning marketer and mba with over 10 years of progressive international marketing experience at leading media and financial companies. my passion is to build programs and processes from the ground up, launch new products, manage projects from concept to completion, and drive significant roi. i'm effective at creating integrated programs and brand strategy across print, digital, search, display, mobile, and social platforms. with a creative spirit, high-level thinking, and strong business acumen, i bring a customer-focused approach to strategic marketing. i'm also a founder of a non-profit called latinos/forward. i wanted to go back to my own roots as a first-generation american raised by a single mother in low-income housing and on welfare and help the community that raised me. latinos/forward is a community organization that bridges the gaps in financial wellness and economic empowerment to prepare ambitious latino immigrants and children of immigrants with the skills they need to become influential leaders in their communities. interested in connecting email me at hello latinosforward.org
as a leader in strategic design and marketing, dr. ryan has transformed industries. the world's largest and best brands have entrusted him to create realistic, award-winning, and profitable campaigns. his razor sharp focus demonstrates a clear ability to critically evaluate and respond to rapidly evolving market environments. dr. ryan has pioneered retail digital design and leveraged keen business acumen to achieve business objectives. with his established record of success, he's become a subject matter expert in creative production, strategy development, process design, team leadership, and client satisfaction. founded energyhill in 2012. specialties business development strategic marketing, planning, and forecasting online initiatives project management and process improvement team leadership training, development and coaching digital design (web, app, and campaign development)
savvy, accomplished marketing executive kristopher m. crockett is highly regarded for developing and implementing innovative, solutions-focused services. as president & ceo of selworthy, he brings more than ten years of experience across the spectrum of marketing strategy to his clients. he has earned a reputation from partners and clients alike as a charismatic thought leader with an in-depth knowledge of marketplace trends and relevant technology advances across the marketing spectrum, able to realize aggressive goals in highly competitive markets. selworthy works closely with clients to understand their business needs and provide tailored solutions across business growth, project development, and business analysis with a focus on measurement, analytics, and new and social mediums. in tailoring branding, design, website development, and digital marketing to the client s individual goals, selworthy leverages select tools and technologies that enable clients/companies to bridge the digital gap with high roi.
*** i am actively hiring for multiple roles in seattle, toronto, palo alto, & boulder - product management, marketing, ops, tech, tech leadership, tech program management, and data science/ml - experienced applicants only please *** seasoned product management and engineering executive with extensive strategic and operating experience ranging from fortune 100 to startups. love to solve complex, ambiguous problems on behalf of my customers and business. proven track record of building high performance teams and scaling high growth businesses.
- marketing executive with over a decade of experience providing strategic vision and delivering growth for a wide range of consumer brands. - passion for people and culture-building. built, led and developed highly effective marketing teams. - skilled in development and implementation of impactful programs providing best-in-class digital experiences. - adept at providing insights and analysis of customer behavior, merchandising performance, and market trends that lead to sustainable competitive advantage. - expert at leading marketing, creative, and e-commerce teams to create profitable, brand-building customer experiences. - champion of diversity, equity and inclusion. core competencies creative & e-commerce team coordination project management brand-building customer experience marketing programs implementation digital & offline media brand positioning team building b2c & b2b marketing strategic partnerships marketing analytics
chief marketing/digital officer, customer experience, digital evangelist, omni-channel strategist, marketing technologist, digital strategy/marketing ,digital transformation and technology summary digital, experience & data driven cmo that led companies with $750 million revenue, helped grow digital business by more than 68% annually. leveraged data, marketing technology, creative and brand to develop one-one marketing capabilities. lead marketing transformation and customer experience by focusing on brand, data, customer journey, digital experience, technology. focused on marketing/digital/advertising programs, customer experience, data analytics and integrated marketing strategy, advertising, digital, mobile and social media strategy, as part of marketing/brand mix. spearheaded online/ecommerce advertising, new brand creation, products and services, digital marketing, including p&l responsibility digital advertising, mobile, social marketing marketing technology management strategic planning and execution. key skills digital transformation customer journey fintech brand digital / online marketing ecommerce social media mobile strategy strategic planning analytics digital operations web, mobile, social media crm & loyalty martech adtech advertising product development seo/sem specialties financial services, fintech, travel and transportation, technology, digital marketing, ecommerce, mobile and social media functions ecommerce, digital/online marketing, brand, mobile/ social media strategy, omni channel marketing, customer experience, product marketing, data analytics featured speaker speaker adobe digital experience summit, april 2019, las vegas speaker marketing technology conference, may 2017, san francisco keynote speaker 2016 leadership in e-commerce, may 2016, dallas speaker at chief marketing officer summit, october 2015, orlando speaker at marketing sherpa digital optimization summit, may 2013, boston
senior marketing leader experienced in building digital marketing teams and end-to-end marketing optimization from planning and budgeting to execution and analysis. significant emphasis on digital marketing that drives revenue and technology implementation. what i do - account based marketing (abm) - demand generation - digital strategy and planning - budget planning and roi analysis - martech planning & implementation - marketing and sales alignment - conversion rate optimization - buyer's journey and content strategy - crm and lead management workflow - lead generation, scoring and nurturing - marketing roi metrics and analytics - team leadership and development i avoid - tactical projects that don't drive revenue - people that resist change and would rather subscribe to old patterns
i love to think. curious. resourceful. ambitious. i am a customer-obsessed marketing leader with b2b saas experience. i have experience and expertise in gtm strategy and executing campaigns informed by data that drive results. positioning and cross-functional collaboration are my strong points.
as seen on techcrunch, business insider, yahoo finance, the wall street journal, the washington times, espn, adweek, and many other publications. replybuy is the easiest way to start a conversation and close a sale. our solutions enable businesses to collect payments with a simple text and manage one-to-one personalized conversations at scale. 'we've never seen 40% engagement with any other technology. in the first 30 days, we've already moved the needle with over 1,000 season ticket holders.' - kyle fujimoto, assistant athletic director with usc trojans 'replybuy has found a way to effectively communicate and sell on the mobile platform like no one else' - dionna widder, vp of sales for the cleveland cavaliers thousands of businesses are increasing open, response, and conversion rates with our one-to-one texting platform! why use two-way text messaging unlock communication with 4+ billion people worldwide. 90% of text messages are read within 3 minutes of being received. 78% of consumers wish they could text businesses. the average person checks their phone 150 times per day and responds in an avg of 90s. texting is 30x faster than phone dialing. response rates are 3x higher than cold calls and reach engagement rates up to 60%. why businesses replybuy reach more people faster - upload contacts, text-enabled landlines, and easily tag contacts. save time and resources - leverage message templates, segment and filter, and integrations. predictable scale your efforts - manage and assign live conversations, and easily produce reports. increase performance across sales, marketing, development, and support teams while meeting or exceeding your goals faster. get started now -- www.replybuy.com --- when i'm not growing, i'm encouraging and empowering others to grow. you can often find me listening, studying, observing, and analyzing people to find out what they like and love, and how they think.
master your online marketing and land high-paying clients you love sign up for my webinar the 5 steps my clients use to attract high-end clients www.wendymaynard.com/webinar i help b2b service entrepreneurs (consultants, designers, copywriters, marketers, strategists, etc.) develop signature premium packages, add monthly recurring revenue, and land a steady stream of high-end clients through organic marketing (no ads needed). you are a motivated, skilled entrepreneur who wants to make more revenue, have dream clients beating down your door, and build a reputation as the go-to choice in your industry. but you aren't getting the results you want and you are feeling a bit stuck. the key problem is you lack a clearly-positioned brand, your marketing efforts are haphazard, and people don't really see the value in what you offer over any of your competitors. heck, your ideal prospects may not even know you exist. your obscurity will lead to your business death. so, let's avoid that. i help my clients build influence on social media leveraging their personal brand and their authentic voice. my proven process amplifies you into a highly-visible influencer who is likable, interesting, and trustworthy. i work with business owners who have high ambition, motivation, and drive, who want to build their own little empire with a high 'known-for' factor. we will develop your online influencer brand and i'll show you how to become a 'content engine,' producing meaningful posts and videos on a daily basis. as a result of our work together, you will multi-x your number of followers, the engagement you currently have, generate many more high-quality leads for your business, grow your revenue, and build meaningful connections with prospects, existing clients, and other influencers. i'll put you on your fastest path to cash and fulfillment. isn't this your year for you to be fearless and build the business, the income, and the online brand you've always dreamed about let's make this happen for you. to get in touch with me, just drop me a message and let s talk, or book a call www.reachwendy.com if you would like to join like-minded entrepreneurs and see my video trainings, join my facebook group at www.businessprofitengine.com you can also learn more about me at www.wendymaynard.com
i'm passionate about education, as it empowers all and through technology it can reach many. i see video content as a crucial demand generation tactic and have incorporated it into every role i ve taken on. i have experience in b2b, abm and b2c marketing strategy with a global background and focus on education technology.
strategy, scalability, experience, data-driven decision making, more leads and profitable sales. our integrated marketing programs at kuware are designed with the singular purpose of creating hypergrowth. call 512-364-0165 email chin kuware.com + fractional chief marketing officer with 20+ years digital expertise + full-service digital prospecting system via linkedin-based application, profilemagnet + custom marketing strategies designed to meet business goals and increase revenue + implementation training of internal teams full-coverage digital marketing + custom audience targeting/prospecting + social media presence + competitive intelligence from social media + web presence + ecommerce my education + ms (marketing) + ms (nutrition and food processing) + bs (nutrition and dietetics) my story i have leveraged my marketing and strategy planning skills to establish brands and build market share for start-ups in india and now enjoying every part of it doing the same for us companies. my ideas and beliefs about management in general and marketing in specific are a result of teachings from p. drucker and d. ogilvy and few current day experts who continue to mentor me on this career path.
i take great pride in my ambition, entrepreneurial mindset, creativity, and communication skills. my soft and hard skills are well-balanced, and critical in today's world. i'm a voracious reader and writer, but also love cross-functional problem solving, data driven decision making, and analytics. i look forward to being the energy and glue in any environment i am in, and am eager to join amazon's retail leadrship development program in july 2020.
my passion is executing marketing efforts by bridging the gap between global brand campaigns, social communities, creative direction, and experiential events. i m currently seeking new opportunities to continue to create storytelling experiences that are rooted in culture.
innovative marketing executive with 20+ years experience leading high-profile business growth, global brand campaigns, revolutionary product launches and strategic partnerships across sports, technology and lifestyle. i m a creative and strategic brand leader with a proven track record of integrated marketing excellence and digital innovation in an ever-evolving consumer landscape. i have high-profile general management experience, driving an integrated p&l of $5+ billion wholesale annually. i m a dynamic and passionate leader who thrives on inspiring teams and nurturing distinctive ideas through curiosity, diverse thinking and empowerment. i believe in the power of big ideas that challenge the status quo, the ability of passionate people to bring them to life and the positive impact ideas can have on the world.
i manage altium's content marketing with a special focus on the industry expert writing program, pcb design podcast, and social media. my talent is in implementing scalable systems to produce quality content programs. i am a writer first with the benefit of also being a trained search engine optimization manager. overall incredibly strong work ethic, b2b marketing experience, growth-mindset for learning new technology, special interest in marketing software and golf-related businesses.
logan mallory is a marketing leader with progressive experience driving demand gen and brand awareness programs. as a director of marketing, i focus on the most effective path to creating revenue for b2b & tech firms. i help companies succeed in their marketing efforts by modeling based on quantitative insights, optimizing key elements across the marketing funnel, hiring/mentoring fantastic talent and building meaningful relationships with key internal partners like sales and finance. the combination of these efforts allow me to fuel the growth of an organization's revenue engine. i create marketing strategies and manage teams as we execute on those plans. during my 14 year professional career, i have directly and indirectly managed the vast majority of digital marketing mediums (email marketing, webinars, seo, adwords/ppc, display, analytics, social media, cro, creation of web properties, content marketing, ux/ui, affiliates, etc.). per that experience, i understand how the various tools & tactics fit together to create a strong message and how a team should collaborate for the best results. my marketing management experience includes overseeing multiple teams, across multiple locations, with varying targets. i currently control a multi-million dollar marketing budget with the objective of supporting three sales organizations (smb, mid-market and business development). in order to manage that budget efficiently, i maintain a solid grasp on the kpis and metrics that matter marketing revenue generated, marketing pipeline created, cpl, cpa, roi, payback period, leads and revenue by lead source/campaign, etc. beyond the marketing department, i'm seen as a reliable leader and my employers have given me substantial responsibilities. i've participated in two corporate acquisitions (as the acquirer and acquired) and massive rebranding efforts for products and a nationally recognized corporate brand. logmein has asked me to be the site lead for our local 350+ person office. they've also provided formal training and have me participate in interviews and hiring recommendations for senior level talent. outside of the office, i'm frequently engaged in public speaking at conferences, on podcasts and local events. i am a board member on the silicon slopes marketing chapter and run quarterly events for local professionals. brigham young university has hired me as an adjunct professor for a marketing strategy class and has renewed my teaching agreement for a third year.
profitable revenue growth is possible with the right strategy & execution. i deliver on both. what i do i help small to medium businesses ( 15m in rev) achieve profitable revenue growth by setting marketing strategy & overseeing execution. who i work with companies that don t need or can t afford a full-time cmo but can benefit from the executive-level marketing muscle a cmo can provide. why it works i develop a strategy & marketing programs tailored to you & your market informed by decades of senior-level experience across multiple industries. what makes me different i have decades of sales & marketing experience from direct mail & radio to the latest digital techniques - as part of multiple management teams across several different industries. unlike other cmos, i don t just talk strategy. i develop a strategy specifically for you & then execute. i m an avid & continuous learner and author of the book turning linkedin into money. what others say i ve known kelly a long time & have benefited from his marketing expertise over many years. in the past year i closed over $1,500,000 in new business with much more in the pipeline as a direct result of the linkedin marketing strategies he developed & taught me. celeste deal svp, sales arf financial kelly has helped me with multiple businesses. his marketing expertise, business savvy, and focus on profitable revenue growth have been invaluable. reuben abootorabi co-founder & ceo the austin agency how it works i partner with you on a minimum of 25 hours per month. i spend the first month learning your business & market with significant knowledge transfer from you & your team. then, i recommend a strategy and supporting campaigns to help you achieve profitable revenue growth & oversee execution and optimization of the agreed-upon campaigns. ready to talk contact me on linkedin, call me 512.632.7254, email kelly expandry.com, or grab a convenient time here calendly.com/kellylpayne
who - high-tech athlete with deep general management, product management, product marketing and corporate marketing experience - energy generator, driven by passion - serial change agent - leader and doer - addicted to shipping - eloquent story teller - always fostered growth - obsessed with learning what - founder with successful exit - worked with the some of the best in the industry adam bosworth, scott dietzen, steve herrod, raghu raguram, byron sebastian, rajiv gupta to name a few - co-creator of the vmware customer virtualization journey framework - put vmware vdi on the map and helped drive vmware end user computing vision - core member of the mobileiron ipo team - co-wrote s1 - repositioned and relaunched skyhigh networks subsequently acquired by mcafee - helped driving the fastest growing business at mcafee
hi, i'm sam! you may have already noticed that bow tie was indeed a first rodeo. marketing leader at hms, a technology company that helps healthcare organizations reduce costs, improve health outcomes, and save billions of dollars through a broad range of coordination of benefits, payment integrity and population health management solutions. named by linkedin as having top editor pick content in 2019, i m also an avid customer/candidate experience creator and have published a library of pieces on those topics. you can find my work in the news feed. i've been featured on the drift blog, inside lexington magazine, and indiana university recsports magazine. i spent the first 13 years of my career as a marketing swiss army knife collaborating with strategy, creative, and analytics to deliver remarkable brand experiences and unique positioning. my work as an adaptive marketer brought me to be an uncommon hubspot beta tester unpacking ux functionality in development, marketer for a software storage company, and running my own boutique agency for five years. previous clients include applause, chubby chickpea, deep agile conference, education development center, and the great wall restaurant. i got my career start at stop & shop, and partnered with mercer management consulting on pricing projects. throughout these career adventures, i have been motivated by working on complex problems, as part of a world-class team, for a mission that reduces customer pain, and professional upskilling and personal growth. to this day, i strive to provide 6x value before ever asking for a new project. results of the predictive index behavioral assessment sam is a confident, independent self-starter with competitive drive, initiative, a sense of urgency, and the ability to make decisions and take responsibility for them. he can react and adjust quickly to changing conditions and come up with ideas for dealing with them. he responds positively and actively to challenge and pressure, and he has confidence in his ability to handle novel problems and people. he is an outgoing, poised person, a lively and enthusiastic communicator, tending to be a little more authoritative than persuasive in his style. results of the disc workplace profile because you have an i style, sam, you probably thrive on relating to other people. you tend to have an extensive network of friends and colleagues, and you may view a roomful of strangers as a fun opportunity to connect. similarly, you're likely to get personal satisfaction out of introducing people who would not otherwise meet.
as the ceo and founder of hypersocial, my goal is to make business-to-business marketing and sales campaigns fun and effective. there s a way to make connections and closing leads fun and that s where we come in. our services at hypersocial help businesses, big and small, crush their goals and level up to bigger and better ones by providing done for you b2b marketing and sales campaigns that have amazing results, sell your services/products to ideal decision makers at targeted companies, position you/your company as the go to expert in your field. our b2b clients have seen $115,000+ revenue growth in as little as six months with our services, alongside better costs per lead and more brand awareness. and if that jargon isn t what you re after, my team at hypersocial brings the most personality, fun, and value to work every day to deliver results that matter. did i mention that our processes bring you more automation and work better than other marketing strategies, too if you need more leads/sales for your business, even if you don t have a huge budget, let s chat and see how we can help! even if we don t work together, i d love to get you pointed in the right direction. or even just chat about the best places to travel in the us because i am traveling full-time. email me at braden gohypersocial.com or message me directly here on linkedin!
professor fader's expertise centers around the analysis of behavioral data to understand and forecast customer shopping/purchasing activities. he works with firms from a wide range of industries, such as telecommunications, financial services, gaming/entertainment, retailing, and pharmaceuticals. managerial applications focus on topics such as customer relationship management, lifetime value of the customer, and sales forecasting for new products. much of his research highlights the consistent (but often surprising) behavioral patterns that exist across these industries and other seemingly different domains. these insights are reflected in his book, customer centricity focus on the right customers for strategic advantage. professor fader believes that marketing should not be viewed as a soft discipline, and he frequently works with different companies and industry associations to improve managerial perspectives in this regard. his work has been published in (and he serves on the editorial boards of) a number of leading journals in marketing, statistics, and the management sciences. he has won many awards for his teaching and research accomplishments. in addition to his various roles and responsibilities at wharton, professor fader co-founded a predictive analytics firm (zodiac) in 2015, which was sold to nike in 2018. he then co-founded (and continues to run) theta equity partners to commercialize his more recent work on customer-based corporate valuation. in 2017, professor fader was named by advertising age as one of its inaugural 25 marketing technology trailblazers, and was the only academic on the list.
 you can ignore reality, but you cannot ignore the consequences of ignoring reality ayn rand. victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win - sun tzu. transformation is necessary for companies to achieve new levels of success as their markets and customers change. this transformation can take the form of new products, new service models, new markets, new business models, different organizational structures and improved internal processes. in order to anticipate what changes are needed, it is vitally important to continually assess the external and competitive environments impacting a company, and take stock of internal capabilities, expertise and intellectual property. combining this objective assessment with well-defined company goals yields a clear strategy and set of vital few priorities that the entire company can align around. this strategy provides the foundation for an execution and operating plan.
peter weinberg is a visionary chief executive with a proven --- just kidding. i m none of those things, except peter weinberg, that part was spot on. i would say that above all else, i m someone who is madly in love with ideas. i like learning about old ideas, coming up with new ideas, and sharing those ideas with the world, usually via slickly designed powerpoint decks. at linkedin, i come up with b2b marketing ideas. ideas like blockbuster marketing, a smarter strategy for producing content, or 'b2b trends,' a compilation of contrarian best practices. a few of these ideas have generated significant value for our beloved clients, and new sources of revenue for linkedin. eventually our team needed a house for all these ideas, so we founded 'the b2b institute,' a think tank that works with experts around the world to study b2b marketing effectiveness. i spend my free time coming up with other ideas. like my scifi novel, which i finished a few months ago, and hope to publish sometime in the next 500 years. i once published an op-ed in the new york times, which i am still bragging about 10 years later. my dumbest ideas, meanwhile, can all be found on my website, thedailyranter.com, which i should probably discourage you from visiting. if you like ideas, i would like to meet you.
jennifer possesses 15 years of experience as an intelligence/field analyst specializing in humint, imint and geoint intelligence and planning operations. her experience includes southeast regional business development for a company that had over 92m in contracts for both defense and commercial sectors. her experience includes her tour in kosovo as the lead analyst supporting eucom/nato/eulex forces and a tour in afghanistan as the regional lead for command north working directly under the combined joint intelligence branch, (nato) and as the liaison of intelligence information and planning to eucom/centcom utilizing a variety of tools. she also has done an active duty tour in iraq where she planned and fused human intelligence, signal intelligence, and image intelligence to create detailed target packages and digital forensics. her more recent government contractor experience is in intelligence and systems analysis working as the cyber security intelligence analyst and business development for spacecom assessing high threat malware attacking the united states and dod sytems, jennifer was the course manager/instructor for inscom (intelligence security command) for the dcgs/arcgis programs hosted at ft. belvoir iatp (intelligence advance training program) and business developer/lead field engineer for the af isr programs. she has created and hosted several matrix groups for intelligence characterization and radar theory and principles.
award-winning, effervescent chief marketing and sales officer with 20+ years of progressive experience building brands, exceeding sales quota, launching new solutions to market, and creating processes that promote sustainable growth. proven ability to craft revenue-focused organizations and drive 20%+ year-over-year growth, guide people/process/tech transformations, and amplify brand awareness. experience selling and marketing to multiple segments (smb - enterprise). natural mentor able to partner with executives, develop leaders and champion colleagues. energetic, roll-the- sleeves up, results-oriented manager thrives in a fast-paced, performance-driven culture. in addition, i m also the co-founder of babysitters.com and have helped develop and launch ios and android mobile apps including, giggle and qtpie. marketing expertise sales leadership demand generation and account based marketing new customer acquisition digital marketing event strategy web strategy brand strategy marketing communications product marketing inside/bdr management marketing operations technology expertise google analytics, sales outreach, marketing automation platforms (eloqua, marketo, pardot), crm (salesforce, oracle sales cloud, fusion, quickbase), web content management platforms (sitecore, opentext wem), business intelligence (domo, tableau, microstrategy, qlik), account-based marketing (demand base) and more.
critical thinker and results-oriented marketing executive with an accomplished track record at industry leading fortune 100 companies. over 20 years of experience building and growing b2b and b2c brands and products globally.
to build your brand and grow your organization, you need the right strategy and talent. i've been honored to invest my career in helping organizations grow. my experience includes strategy development, marketing, business development, lead generation, relationship management, sales, education, and entrepreneurship. it would be a privilege to help you discover new growth opportunities and build the relationships and strategies to bring those opportunities to fruition. let's connect 803-608-0179 clinthankinson gmail.com
accomplished international general management executive and enterprise leader with proven success in accelerating high-profile businesses and brands from vision and strategy through to execution & delivery. a passionate, entrepreneurial brand & business developer, delivering results transformation and value creation. deep strategic and operational experience across global & north america environments large ~$10+ bn & mid ~$2+ bn scale businesses core & acquired businesses multiple routes to market & business models core expertise general management p&l leadership portfolio strategy development & execution business & brand strategy development & deployment commercial strategy strategic customer partnerships & development supply chain management innovation winning team formation people engagement, development & growth
an international retail (europe, uk, middle east, south africa, united states of america and canada) beauty and luxury fashion expertise with successful experiences within 3 major groups (lagardere - lvmh and prada spa). experiences management, organization, marketing/ communication/ digital, category management, buying/ negotiations, real estate, international development, new business start up business strategy channels retail/ wholesale/ e-commerce beauty/ fashion/ luxury goods countries france, uk, europe (italy, spain, portugal, germany, poland, etc.), united states of america, canada, united arab emirates, kuwait, qatar, bahrain, kingdom of saudi arabia, oman and south africa.
lindsey is the founder of sunday dinner, a brand strategy consultancy that helps senior marketers re-imagine their marketing organization, agency models, and overall comms strategy. often dubbed a cmo whisperer, her works helps executive clients stay closely connected to new ways of innovative collaboration and have a finger on the pulse of the ever-shifting advertising partner landscape. her hard work has been recognized through various industry awards, including bronze, silver, gold, and titanium cannes lions.
omar m. khateeb is a marketing leader based in silicon valley. he has developed marketing strategies at two publicly traded surgical robotic companies through their ipos as well as co-founded and successfully launched a consumer product for men s fashion. having successfully crowdfunded and launched a consumer product, omar brings his knowledge of b2c marketing through digital channels to a b2b world. he is known for his strategies using consumer psychology across various digital mediums to guide healthcare companies in adapting to newly connected markets. he currently serves as director of growth at potrero medical, a predictive health company that is developing the next generation of smart sensors and artificial intelligence. in his spare time, he enjoys teaching, mentoring young professionals, and donating his marketing expertise to non-profits. he also spends time speaking at various industry conferences on topics around digital marketing, business development, and market engineering. you can follow with him on facebook, instagram, twitter ( omarmkhateeb) or youtube (mind loom with omar m khateeb).
brands are misunderstood by consumers. i help cisco, amgen, comcast, ben and jerry s, harvard and hundreds of startups fix this big issue. clarify your value with a unique discovery process and your best qualities will shine via video, storytelling, and interactive content. animation, commercial, interactive, personalized and immersive content is my teams toolkit and in our dna. with better video marketing, see more conversions, partners, and revenue. looking back the formative years 15 years of successfully launching products and growing revenue at high-tech (software, enterprise web) companies during the internet boom...at&t, lucent, cisco systems, geotel, watchfire, and avaya. the build up 8 years ago, i started rip media group to help new companies increase sales by producing branded commercials, and amplify brands globally with digital marketing campaigns. now continuing to explain complex products with simple to understand messages, and promoting brands globally at our fast-growing digital agency rip media group. produced over 400 commercial videos and product launches. we help start ups as well as worldwide brands. subjectively and possibly interesting accomplishments marketing and sales director multiple start up companies created 60 mill in new revenue streams member producers guild of america leaders council/presidents award at avaya, cisco, geotel, and at&t producer over 300 live and animated commercials, tv commercials, marketing videos, and sales videos, and 3 feature films. author rise of the entrepreneur, (avail. at barnes and noble, amazon & audible) author 90 seconds to impress author the 6 lessons for producing a winning commercial contributing author the producers business handbook, focal press executive producer bedrooms (feature film) co-producer snap (feature film) producer shambler (feature film)
strong technology marketing and sales executive with exceptional experience and track record marketing software and system solutions. expertise in storage systems and software, cloud computing, converged infrastructure, and storage defined storage spanning oem, channel, and end user market segments. consistently exceeds p&l targets, while delivering programs on time and on budget. specialties p&l responsibility, strategic marketing and business planning, product and product marketing management, business and corporate development, product launch, venture fund raising, mergers and acquisitions, corporate branding and marketing communications, public relations, channel marketing and development
i lead marketing at chooch ai, a complete visual ai solution. chooch provides fast, accurate computer vision training, facial authentication, image and object recognition across industries. chooch offers easy-to-deploy aiot and cloud ai. try the free ai demo at chooch.ai/demo
forward-thinking business expert, author and award winning marketing leader. frequent guest on national and major market media outlets providing keen insight into the latest business trends. services provided * media appearances * business advisory * keynote speaking * executive leadership areas of expertise * business trends expert * brand and growth accelerator -focused on digital transformation * channel partnership developer * multi-functional team leader * business mentor and advisor demonstrated results in * organization and culture development * marketing vision, strategy and execution * business and digital transformation * leadership development / talent management * public speaking/pr/corporate communications * customer and employee experience * strategic alliances and partnerships * branding and communications
john is an entrepreneurial leader of global companies. today john caplan is the president, north america & europe & global cmo of alibaba.com. through his leadership, the original business of alibaba group, alibaba.com has transformed from a listings-only platform to become the largest global b2b marketplace with $20billion+ annual gmv, 44% ebitda margins, a team of 3300, 20million+ annual smb customers, 175k+ smb sellers active in 190 countries. prior the acquisition by alibaba group, john was the founder & ceo of opensky. opensky leveraged data and technology to enable the digital growth of us small businesses, achieving $1billion gmv, $50m gross profit, breakeven, named a best place to work by crain's and one of the 50 most innovative companies in the world by fast company. john was the ceo at ford models, the iconic fashion talent marketplace, with operations in 50 countries and active in every aspect of the talent, fashion and production industries. john led the transformation of ford models and launched its media business, delivering significant top-line growth and ebitda expansion. john was on the early team as the cmo & president of about.com, the web 1.0 content company, built with a network of independent contractor content creators that at the time was the 5th most visited platform on the internet. early roles for starbucks coffee company, arizona iced tea and board seats at 5min & agi dermatics. john is a current board member of snack nation.
i takes a holistic view of digital marketing and branding
yes we can global business leader with a proven track record in providing double digit sales growth, organizational leadership,process optimization and people development thorough teamwork in global high technology companies. a proven international track record in building high performance teams , delivering exceptional results and building employee and customer loyalty. trained in quality systems such as dbs, six sigma and business fundamentals by implementing key performance indicators (kpi s) to benchmark the organization success in the industry. has extensive corporate experience in matrix management and recognizes the importance of teamwork and leadership skills to achieve commitment and synergies across cross functional teams. demonstrated global strategic and operational leadership in scientific and medical devices industry with extensive country general management leadership experience in asia and north america sales regions i.e. japan ,china,canada . has lived in japan, china ,canada and the usa with proven people management skills , successful people career development and industrial networking skills in a variety of markets and sales channel models. specialties - strategic & commercial operational leadership - team building and financial management - leading international commercial teams to double digit revenue growth - country leadership experience in asia and north america ( lived in japan, china, usa and canada) - excellent relations with employees, customer and strategic partners. - strategic outcome focused leader in sales, support, marketing and business development . it's kind of fun to do the impossible - walt disney -
as the fifth corporate employee of soulcycle, the indoor cycling sensation founded in a single manhattan studio that sparked a bona de craze, i helped set up the growing company s marketing and pr departments, scaling the team to over 25 employees across several markets. soulcycle has grown from ve to over 85 studios in the eight years, while ridership increased from 1,300 daily riders to nearly 18,000. as a member of the soulcycle executive board, i was part of the continual growth of the organization through customer experience, media relations, brand positioning, strategy, and key partnerships. under my leadership, soulcycle secured thousands of strategic media placements from the today show to vanity fair. i contributed to the term 'sweatworking' taking hold with a 2011 story in the new york times. i, along with my team, knew how to tap into in uencer and celebrity power early on, introducing soulcycle to dozens of pop-culture icons and celebrities, including the kardashians, selena gomez, the beckhams, demi lovato, kelly ripa, and lady gaga. i directed those important vip relations, as well as executed several crucial brand partnerships with the likes of oprah and target, turning soulcycle into a household name but also a prestige lifestyle brand. most recently, i launched soulcycle s destinationsoul, the brand s rst destination pop-up studio in aspen, colorado. always innovating, including for the greater good, i launched soulcycle's soulscholarship program with a mission to bring the power and joy of movement to underserved adolescents through motivational coaching and a supportive community. soulscholarship has scaled to ve markets across the united states in the last two years.
founder of chamber.media, the industry leader in data crafted video ads, with over 4,000 productions, $80m in managed spend, and $500m in tracked revenue, massively scaling direct to consumer e-commerce companies, tripling the revenue of 5 multi-million dollar brands and taking mrcool from $10m/yr to $100m/yr in 3 years. chamber.media has pricing options for every size of company and owns 6packadscourse.com/go, a diy video course, and unicornads.com, an ai powered database that studies thousands of ads with neural nets, identifying what creative converts to diagnose what ads to make. learn more at www.chamber.media. i'm a forbes 30 under 30 lister and have been a keynote speaker at google growth summit, vidcon, and the bill and melinda gates foundation, and been featured in inc, entrepreneuer, adweek, huffpo, among others. i can be reached at tc chamber.media in 2013 i led distribution and content strategy for 'youtube's #1 ad of the decade,' kobe vs. messi with 140 million views. while i most enjoy working with challenger brands, i spent years working with brands like yahoo, kraft, old navy, coca-cola, and amazon among others while at crispin porter + bogusky and took old navy from 2m to 8m facebook followers. features forbes 30 under 30 https //www.forbes.com/30-under-30/2018/marketing-advertising/#1031d93cbcc6 https //www.thinkwithgoogle.com/advertising-channels/video/direct-consumer-response-marketing/ huffington post https //www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/your-2018-marketing-strategy-should-bet-heavily-on_us_5a0e2801e4b023121e0e911f hootsuite https //blog.hootsuite.com/viral-video-dead/ adweek http //www.adweek.com/adfreak/crazy-entertaining-skincare-ad-throws-everything-you-see-what-will-stick-174501 youngry https //youngry.com/creator-top-ad-century-reveals-built-5m-video-agency/
results-driven business executive with 25+ years of rich experience in driving global products and marketing roles leading product market fit strategy and business development for enterprise markets and key industry verticals. leading go-to-market activities and active engagement in field marketing, demand generation campaigns and driving key marketing requirements as the head of marketing organization. owning full p&l responsibility at every stage of the career with passion for leading and growing businesses in it, networking, security and software industries for both private start ups and public facing companies. established track record of successfully delivering on aggressive commitments while maintaining high quality and high morale. top of mind with key investors, media and industry analysts to educate on company and product level differentiation and define a whole new category and business model for disruptive markets. specialties energy solutions (dsm, ev, pv, load forecasting, home energy management, csat), artificial intelligence, machine learning, saas models, advanced threat protection (atp) cybersecurity solutions (network, email, endpoint, mobile, datacenter, forensics, cloud), threat intelligence portfolio (detection and contextual) cloud security (casb and sdsec), mobile security, adaptive security architecture modeling, threat and risk analytics, managed security services, network security, content security, application security and infrastructure, application delivery and optimization, data protection continuous monitoring and integrated management portfolio (network, device, cloud)
lindsay is the chief experience & brand officer for tripadvisor. in this role, she leads an organization responsible for driving transformation and excellence across the overall tripadvisor consumer experience and brand beloved by hundreds of millions of travelers around the world. with product, marketing and revenue accountability for e-commerce and direct to consumer, lindsay s organization focuses on delivering growth, habit and innovation across the platform. functionally lindsay and her team oversee the full traveler experience (design, product management, ux, content), marketing and customer acquisition (brand, performance, seo & product marketing), communications, membership & loyalty, global operations and strategy, business development in addition to commercial functions driving e-commerce, affiliate, and direct to consumer revenue channels. these teams are supported by world class analytics, data science and engineering teams around the world. a regular speaker on topics about women in leadership and driving transformative change from start-ups to legacy organizations, lindsay's recognition and awards include named the no 1 'most important woman in travel' by wanderlust (bob guccione's latest publication) 40 under 40 by boston business journal phocuswire's 20 travel movers and shakers forbes cmo next list adage woman to watch lindsay also serves on the board of directors for bonnier corporation, an american magazine company owned by the swedish bonnier ab. previously lindsay oversaw commercial and marketing efforts for vox media, the fastest growing modern media company known for its standout technology, high-fidelity advertising, and a house of editorial networks that go deeper into the topics passionate people care about most. vox media s brands and businesses include new york magazine, sb nation, eater, the verge, vox, curbed, recode & code conferences, polygon, vox creative and concert.io. *disclosure i get inundated with linkedin requests, after which my email is widely distributed and my inbox turns to junk. please send a message with a bit of context so i can help to decipher between real human connections and automated spam.
event producer. event creator. bringer of entertainment. star connector. cj diroma is an award-winning entrepreneur and a successful event production visionary. with expertise in event production, event entertainment, branding, marketing, entrepreneurial inspiration and more. with more than 25 years of stellar leadership in the event production and event management industry - working with leading venues throughout the united states - cj diroma is the creative executive powering station avenue productions. station avenue productions, https //www.stationave.com cj diroma https //smallbiztrends.com/author/cj-diroma professional highlights live event producer, special event planner, entertainment industry consultant for station avenue productions business development specialist. advisory board and event chair for biz buzz network, inc.director of operations for visual sound, inc. event rental and staging division. program coordinator for city market new brunswick. principal & film product placement consultant for ucancit! principal & marketing/branding specialist for the philadelphia mummers parade marketing group. specialties business development, special events, musical and live special event productions, site selection, on site production, contract negotiations, corporate relations, brand marketing, program coordination, fundraising and non profit consultation.
all systems grow. currently scaling things at g2.com. featured in techcrunch, cnbc, fast company, lifehacker, refinery29, and jesserowe.com areas of expertise growth hacking b2b acquisition & conversion b2b saas b2c user acquisition customer acquisition and retention marketing marketing operations marketing automation systems global campaign management & analysis content strategy and development lead generation programs & strategy sem (search engine marketing) & seo (search engine optimization) data analysis + competitive analysis forecasting, pipeline metric management
i am a seasoned global business development and marketing executive with 23 years of experience, primarily within the financial services industry, with a focus on alternative investments including hedge funds, private equity, private credit, growth equity, venture capital and real estate. specialties chief operating officer, hedge fund consultant, hedge fund launch, emerging hedge fund manager, hedge funds, fund of funds, family offices, prime brokerage, capital introduction, investment banking, capital markets, seed capital, middle and back office, portfolio management, `40 act funds, liquid alternatives, insurance dedicated funds, ppli, ppvul, ppva, venture capital, private equity, private equity real estate funds, real estate development, audit, tax, compliance consulting, outsourced cfo, asset management, technology, consumer, fintech.
76% of budgets spent on google adwords and facebook ads are wasted and prevent companies from achieving and exceeding their revenue targets. while consulting enterprise companies at adobe for 5 years, i learned how to use web analytics to make smart marketing decisions to boost revenue and maximize returns. it became apparent to me that most businesses lacked the bandwidth or expertise to do so themselves which is why i started disruptive advertising. after branching out on my own, i helped my first client 15x lead volume and 2.5x profitability on each lead these results enabled them to raise several large rounds of capital that fueled their growth from 25 to over 300 employees. at this point i was hooked and knew i could do this for the rest of my life. disruptive advertising has since grown from my consultancy to a 2017 inc 500(#145) company and repeatedly voted as a top performing agency and place to work. we provide the best of both worlds by engaging you with a marketing expert paired with our unique strategy, audit and dashboard software to help you accomplish your growth objectives. we love partnering with internal marketing teams looking to scale but currently lack bandwidth or expertise to do so. contact us www.disruptiveadvertising.com **interested in a career with disruptive advertising check out our open positions on glassdoor.com**
proven executive with experience in business development, corporate development, and finance
linkedin is the most valuable social media asset for b2b organizations and your goldmine where most of your desired customers can be found. my clients are ceos and sales executives who recognize that the tolerance and effectiveness of cold calls and emails are near zero making it increasingly harder and more expensive to acquire desired customers. each of my clients is assigned a dedicate north american linkeddna growth consultant who professionally builds their network and brand delivering a constant stream of leads and appointments. our clients see 2 to 8 appointment responses a week on average and about 200 new connections each month. linkeddna and dna demand generation is the cumulation of over 20 years of sales success in target account penetration and expansion working with 50 of the largest technology companies in the world, along with their distributors, channels, and alliances. no outsourcing & no offshoring linkedin compliant with no automation & no spider-like tools strictest data security and policy in the industry affordable monthly subscription your most desired customers are on linkedin and linkeddna is the best strategy for professional sales executives and the most impactful revenue acceleration strategy you can deploy. dna demand generation and linkeddna are giving sales and marketing organizations a powerful edge on their competitors. let s discuss a better approach.
i'm the ceo of the marketing blender and i'm known for my energy, for building incredibly effective marketing strategies, and for my impact as a professional speaker and author. i offer fractional cmo services, corporate workshops, group training, and one-on-one coaching in addition to the creative services of my agency. + founder of a full-service b2b marketing agency + the marketing blender helps companies in highly technical industries stand out in the sea of sameness. we mix the seven fundamentals of b2b marketing strategy, branding, website, advertising, digital marketing, trade shows, and sales & marketing alignment. as a top-tier sales professional & copywriter, i've been on the front lines, so i've discovered the secrets of what grabs people's interest and catalyzes action. we help our clients build a massive competitive advantage. + motivational keynote speaker & author + i love speaking at conferences, trade associations, and corporate events. my topics focus on how to maximize influence by improving communication. i'm deeply passionate about this because i believe people disrespect their potential my treating work like a 4-letter word. instead, i want to help people to use their work to bless the world. ++ coaching & workshops that make a real difference ++ i cannot stand the 'safe', bland marketing that sabotages sales. i ask you, what is 'safe' about marketing that doesn't work ! i've had people say i just get it when it comes to using marketing to sell more in complex markets...and i do since i've done it my whole career! when you mix the best practices of b2b sales superstars with insights about buyer psychology, your sales team no longer has to convince buyers of your value, because they bring value at every single touchpoint. i believe that marketing done right sets the tone of servant leadership and creates a domino effect of connection, growth, and prosperity. ++business development and marketing consulting++ as a consultant and strategist, i help companies solve problems and maximize their existing teams, resources, and budgets. my areas of expertise include kpi development, sales & marketing alignment, sales mapping, marketing plan development, core values, mission & vision development, messaging choreography & differentiation, b2b brand strategy, succession planning, mergers and acquisitions (m&a) communication planning, investor strategies, digital technology integration & alignment, distributor relationship optimization, data management & dashboard creation, and fractional cmo services.
callie schweitzer is a senior editor at linkedin, where she leads the editorial coverage of the marketing industry for the platform s 690+ million global members. prior to joining linkedin, she founded the callie co., an executive advisory firm that worked with well-known brands, best-selling authors and top executives at fortune 500 companies to increase reach, relevance and revenue. she is a highly creative and strategic media and technology leader, speaker and advisor who has received wide industry recognition for her impact including being named twice to forbes 30 under 30 list, referred to as the future of media on business insider s 30 most important women in tech under 30, adweek s list of future publishers, inc. s 30 under 30, and one of time s 140 best twitter feeds in the world. purewow named her to its purewow 100 celebrating the next 100 women emerging in culture calling her 'the 20-something who s already a media mogul.' in 2019, she was selected for the prestigious 92y womeninpower fellowship. prior to launching the callie co., she was the chief content officer at thrive global, arianna huffington s health and well-being company, overseeing editorial and corporate content and advertising sales. she was the executive producer of the thrive global podcast. she has held senior leadership positions working across editorial, audience, marketing and revenue at time inc. and time, vox media and talking points memo. at time, she founded and launched a women's focused brand called motto. she is also an award-winning journalist whose work has appeared in the new york times, time, the huffington post and people. she is on the advisory board of the usc annenberg center on communication leadership & policy, the poynter institute, genheration, womaze, shiffon co. and the startup girl foundation. she is a founding member of the women's network chief.
i m a strategist, storyteller, and leader on a mission to motivate and inspire others. my journey has taken me from high risk in foster care to high potential in the boardroom of toshiba america business solutions, inc. and my tenacity has earned me a nomination for the 2019 and 2020 women in business award from the orange county business journal, as well as recognition as a 2016 young influencer and 2019 woman of influence by the cannata report. with nearly two decades of industry experience, i ve developed a dynamic background in executive management, marketing, and sales and business development that is highly technical with domain expertise in imaging, print, document, and content management. i share my expertise with crowds across the world at major industry events, workshops, vendor seminars, webinars, and more. i take my expertise to 1. help small- and medium-sized organizations and multinational corporations solve their document centric business challenges 2. develop strategic partnerships and train distributors/vars to create new revenue channels 3. implement technologies to enhance marketing opportunities never forgetting the journey that made me who i am today, i m passionate about inspiring and encouraging people from all walks of life to feel comfortable in their own skin and pursue their passions. which is why i regularly dedicate my time and expertise, both on-stage and off, to assist and speak out for causes associated with foster care, domestic violence, and youth development.
passionate & committed executive |energetic | execution & results focused | innovative | seasoned public speaker | entrepreneur | 2017 top 100 creative people in business | #5 of 50 of women dominating silicon valley | top 40 under 40 executive in silicon valley. results driven collaborator, focused on executing outstanding results in strategy, differentiation, awareness, demand generation & sales enablement to drive revenue led operations & strategic direction with full p&l responsibility across entire organization, from startups to $4.2b business enthusiastic leader & spokesperson with a passion for winning. featured in over 300 media outlets including cnbc, abc, cbs, nbc, forbes, ny times, fast company, entrepreneur, bloomberg, business journal & wall street journal creative innovator with a reputation for solving major challenges while installing discipline, processes & methodology into organization orchestrated complex, results-driven projects from inception through completion while enhancing key working relationships throughout the organization effective negotiator, excellent decision-maker & collaborator with a positive record of achievement, strong history of success & exceptional conflict resolution skills built strong & collaborative staff focused on hiring an inclusive & diverse team served as customer evangelist ensuring customers, employees & partners have a voice conceived & developed all aspects of marketing & demand generation including system implementation, messaging, content, media & presentations highly technical individual with expert software / web development & salesforce certified successfully raised $7.1m in funding from seed, angel and tier 1 venture capital firms
we are on a journey at refine labs to help companies optimize their revenue model. i ve spent the last four years of my career perfecting the process at rapidly growing early- and growth-stage companies. the final product, our revenue engine optimization formula, is a unique combination of revenue operations, growth marketing, and buyer enablement, which has been proven to accelerate business growth and new customer acquisition with a focus on pipeline velocity. our tech stack hubspot | sales cloud | service cloud | semrush | cloudflare | wistia | qualtrics | callrail | aircall | analytics areas of expertise +go-to-market strategy design +marketing strategy +demand generation +sales process optimization +customer acquisition +social & content strategies +attribution, insights & analytics +e-commerce
experienced ceo in fortune 500 company & start up founder with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing, advertising and digital industries. skilled in digital strategy, integrated marketing, marketing strategy, digital marketing, and software as a service (saas). strong business development professional with a bba focused in marketing from university of iowa - henry b. tippie college of business.
winner of cincinnati s business person of the year and nominated for the woman-owned business of the year! published author of three books in my series called, the social media magnet everything you need to know to attract customers with social media , sharing my best-kept secrets. i travel nationwide providing keynotes and in-depth social media certifications and training. whether you require a professional website or need help promoting it, my team of experts at web strategy plus can help you with it all. i am the ceo and founder of web strategy plus where we specialize in helping local businesses and franchise networks develop an integrated overall web marketing program to drive leads to their business. i am a passionate internet marketer with 15+ years of successful online marketing experience. i also hold a valuable internet marketing degree - however with the ever-changing world of online marketing, i strive to learn something new every day. feel free to send me a connection request as i welcome all networking opportunities michelle webstrategyplus.com 513-399-6870 we proudly serve local businesses and franchise networks of all types worldwide. my innovative team at web strategy plus offers the following services web design/development social media strategy/management/training mobile app development - iphone and android search engine optimization video development lead generation strategy pay per click strategy & management social media content creation franchise marketing and recruitment email strategy & management content marketing & promotion press release writing & submission converstion optimization training and speaking looking for an energetic speaker for your next event i can provide your company with a full-day seminar and/or multiple workshops. experienced in presenting as the keynote speaker for numerous trade shows, conferences and company events. available for interviews via email, telephone, skype video, news segments on location and more.
i was recognized by inc magazine on their top 30 entrepreneurs under 30 list the same year as facebook s mark zuckerberg after my wife and i invested $10,000 and turned it into a multi-million dollar business. my experience and the connections i made along the way will help you grow your company by attracting customers instead of chasing them. during the great recession, i had to fire myself from the family business and go back to corporate america. i achieved success in several corporate roles, for example, cpa at 22, cfo at 30, cmo & coo at 35, sports marketing expert (over $250 million in corporate events and endorsements deals), american advertising federation trendsetter, and linkedin b2b marketing influencer. i spent the majority of my career advising ceos and i want to help you fight your fears and get everything you deserve! kool kel marketing embodies my principles and drive to help your company maximize your sales by executing marketing strategies that communicate your kool. the kool is your passion and unique value proposition that fuels consistent and reliable revenue growth.- i will secure an athlete to bring excitement and draw clients to your next event or digital activation while providing an implied endorsement. - i will deliver an audience of decision makers and referral sources to help speed up your relationship building process.- i will work closely with your company to analyze your business and develop an actionable marketing strategy that will deliver consistent reliable revenue. - i will access my existing relationships and make the following strategic introductions on your behalf potential client, referral source, and strategic partner - i will leverage my expertise, linkedin following of 40,000, and reach of 50 million business professionals to help you build awareness. email me at kelvin koolkel.com to work together send me a private message on linkedin, i have an open profile! regards, kool kel
i never thought i'd be interested in marketing and advertising. growing up in denmark (and yes, johnathan dane is my real name), my dream was to play professional soccer one day. the advertising industry didn't interest me until i started noticing the same actors across multiple commercials. it made me pay more attention, and i started to criticize random ads and figured out how they could be better. i'm sure you've done that too. today, i'm the proud founder of klientboost. a creative digital agency specializing in pay-per-click (ppc) advertising and super sexy, high converting, landing page and website design and testing (emphasis on the sexy. but even more emphasis on the high converting). my passion revolves around analytics and creativity. left brain, right brain. my goal is to help businesses of all industries become better at advertising. teaching them about permission marketing and making it easier for their potential customers to find them. at klientboost, we strive to offer more value than what our clients expect. we focus strictly on pay-per-click advertising with keyword research, ad creation, and targeting. and we design, create, and test conversion rate optimized landing pages to get the best roi. send me an email to johnathan klientboost.com to learn more. specialties pay-per-click advertising, google ads, facebook ads, digital advertising, conversion rate optimization, landing pages, online advertising, google adwords, flipping pancakes
sarah is a high-energy combination of disruptive business leader, fitness fanatic, and cheerleading mom, having been named among fast company s most creative people in business and forbes 'most powerful women in sports'. she led the reinvention and turnaround of gatorade as its global president, the digital transformation of equinox fitness clubs as its president and the transformation of flywheel sports to a streaming content business as its ceo. she has held leadership positions at nike and virgin and is the author and founder of extremeyou, a book and content platform to unleash potential. sarah is currently the ceo of exos, the human performance company - and she is a sought-after expert on business innovation, and inspiring human performance.
in a tweet shama is a trailblazing, award-winning entrepreneur who has built a global audience and is known for helping brands succeed in the digital age. full bio shama hyder is a visionary strategist for the digital age, a web and tv personality, a bestselling author, and the award-winning ceo of zen media a global marketing and digital pr firm. she has been named the zen master of marketing by entrepreneur magazine and the millennial master of the universe by fastcompany.com. shama has also been honored at both the white house and the united nations as one of the top 100 young entrepreneurs in the country. shama is the bestselling author of the zen of social media marketing, now in its 4th edition and momentum how to propel your marketing and transform your brand in the digital age. an acclaimed keynote speaker, shama has delivered keynotes in over 20 countries and spoken for recognized brands including movado, chase, tupperware and inc 5000. as a result of her success, shama has been the recipient of numerous awards, including the prestigious technology titan emerging company ceo award. she was named one of the top 25 entrepreneurs under 25 by business week in 2009, one of the top 30 under 30 entrepreneurs in america in 2014 by inc. magazine, and to the forbes 30 under 30 list of movers and shakers for 2015. linkedin has named hyder one of their top voices in marketing & social media for four years in a row. her online videos were awarded the hermes gold award for educational programming in electronic media and most recently she was given the global empowerment award for marketing and technology by anokhi media. as the ceo of zen media, she and her team help both b2b and b2c brands to make meaningful connections with the modern-day customer via influencer marketing, experiential and digital storytelling and then turning those into bottom-line results. notable clients include chase business, the us navy, dfw airport, marykay, and tupperware.
marcelo claure serves as chief executive officer of softbank group international and chief operating officer of softbank group corp. claure, alongside chairman & ceo masayoshi son, oversees the strategic direction of the tokyo-based company. his primary responsibilities include ensuring group companies and investments meet financial and operating objectives, and managing global group synergies, joint ventures and corporate functions. claure oversees the vast portfolio of the group s operating companies, including arm, wework, brightstar, fortress, sb energy, boston dynamics, among others, and softbank s ownership in t-mobile us. he also oversees softbank latin america, comprised of the softbank latin america fund and the tech hub, which is responsible for taking group companies and investment companies into latin america. in addition, claure serves as executive chairman of wework, the world s largest coworking and space-as-a-service company, where he is responsible for overseeing the company s long-term strategy and growth-led transformation claure previously served as executive chairman of sprint where he is widely recognized for delivering the best financial results in sprint s 120-year history and architecting the merger with t-mobile us. claure founded brightstar and built it into the world s largest global wireless distribution and services company, with operations in more than 50 countries and revenues exceeding $10 billion. brightstar became the largest hispanic-owned business in us history. claure is a member of the board of directors of softbank and arm and serves as executive chairman of wework, chairman of fortress, chairman of sb energy global and executive chairman of brightstar. he also runs club bolivar, bolivia s most popular and successful soccer team and is chairman and owner of club internacional de futbol miami (miami beckham united). claure was named a young global leader by the world economic forum, recognized as the entrepreneur of the year by several publications, and was appointed to ernst & young s entrepreneur of the year hall of fame. he was also featured in the carnegie corporation of new york s great immigrants the pride of america initiative. claure immigrated to the us from bolivia. he received a b.s. in economics and finance and an honorary doctorate of commercial science from bentley university. he is a member of the 2016 class of henry crown fellows and aspen global leadership network at the aspen institute and a member of the presidential ceo advisory board of mit. claure is married and has six children.
results-driven marketer with experience developing digital b2b content. by unifying social media marketing creative through the practice of digital strategy, i'm able to foster deeper organizational and cross-company relationships. strong human resources professional with a bachelor of arts (ba) english language and literature from furman university. a few favorite reads love does by bob goff everybody, always by bob goff where the crawdads sing by delia owens the book thief by markus zusak a lesson before dying by ernest j. gaines the bell jar by sylvia plath harry potter (all of them) by j.k. rowling everybody writes by ann handley faceless killers by henning mankell the shack by william paul young
resourceful & results-driven teammate with outstanding work ethic and follow-through. combines critical and strategic thinking skills with strong ability to form and cultivate relationships. uniquely possesses an analytical and creative mindset. thrives in a collaborative, cross-functional environment where exceeding expectations is the norm.
certified pardot specialist certified associate in project management certified in conversational marketing. certified in ms excel. experienced in salesforce, pardot, hubspot, wordpress, html, seo, digital advertising (linkedin & google). highly driven b2b saas professional with experience building exceptional customer experiences and leading cross-functional teams on a local, regional, and global scale. 7+ yrs in marketing, sales, and account management in various industries. thrive in fast-paced startup environments.
award-winning photojournalist with a strong background in multimedia planning and social media. comprehensive knowledge of and practical experience in social media, email, affiliate, traditional and digital marketing (paid and organic). expert knowledge in marketing research analysis and uses data to create strategic plans.
as president of nike direct, i lead nike s retail and e-commerce business globally. 25+ years seasoned executive, i am an accomplished enterprise leader with a unique blend of general management, vision, operations, brand management, organizational change management, and leadership development. i believe in the power of a great plan, and equally, the power of an inspired team behind the plan. i work very hard to influence process, and create a high-performance stimulating team environment and critical collaboration. recognized as a strong pragmatic and systemic thinker, i have repeatedly reset businesses, and consistently deliver new and sustained growth.
i have the brain of a data-driven creative marketer, the personality of a salesperson, and the technical aptitude to be dangerous. here's what people are saying i learned a lot and was impressed with how great your activities have an impact on the business. nabil chebbi- vp of cloud sales and marketing enablement- crayon global 'extra shout out to adam berguem for the revenue booster award, as he played a key role in helping 200+ msp partners increase revenue and profitability' regina manfredi- vice president - us channel sales 'adam, keep up the great work. you are clearly on to something here.' glenn orcutt- us country manager(ceo)- crayon us 'socially, you can adapt to any group of people no matter their nationality, age, or beliefs. you are solution-oriented, positive thinking, and most importantly, kind.' loubna benhayoune- director of stabilization and recovery- united nations-mali 'you are handsome, smart, and you are going places.'- my mom
i m a creative, results-oriented and passionate leader with 5 years of experience of building employer brand foundations in the tech and financial services industries and 5 years of b2b and b2c marketing experience prior to that. i m on the lookout for my next amazing employer brand opportunity, where i can build on my skillset in strategy development, messaging, content creation and storytelling, social media, careers site optimizations/refreshes and measurement, paid media, email marketing, candidate communications, vendor management, project management and more!
tech marketing leader with a 15-year track record of driving massive results served as the vp of marketing for two enterprise saas startups built lead pipelines in excess of $40m from scratch and helped close deals with starbucks, twilio, and stanford led product marketing for linkedin's student products doubled the number of students and recent grads on the platform to 39m and produced the company's most-watched youtube video (5m views and counting) went from interning on apple's ios product marketing team to hiring and mentoring world-class marketers across the valley first reports are now leading teams of their own specialties marketing strategy, product marketing, market research, product positioning, email marketing, content marketing, lead generation, sales enablement contact me jeremy breakinto.tech
i am a senior at vanderbilt university where i am majoring in political science and minoring in human and organizational development. with a passion for connecting people and creating ideas to solve problems, i am eager to pursue a career that mentally challenges me and allows me to use both quantitative analysis and creative development skills. on campus, i have strengthened my leadership and communication skills through different campus organizations, like heforshe, kappa kappa gamma, vanderbilt student government, and the vanderbilt public relations society. i have recently participated in three leadership programs - seo edge, management leadership for tomorrow, and google bold immersion. i have a diverse work history, with experience in investment banking, go-to-market strategy, customer acquisition, and retail. i most recently served as an apmm bold intern at google and will be returning full-time.
proven ability to maximize revenue for an organization through strong analytical skills, custom insights and strategy. effective relationship builder while developing comprehensive understanding of business partner needs and business dynamics. entrepreneurial mindset, creative problem solver, and excellent communicator skilled at creating insights that add value to the organization through growing customer base and increased revenue proficient at storytelling, recommending opportunities, and influencing positive change within the business experience with data modeling, business intelligence, voice of the customer, and analytics reporting comfortable translating highly technical information to a non-technical audience outstanding leader with exceptionally good project and team management skills expert at spotting trends and advising executives through seamless presentation of key findings confident ability to interact with stakeholders and leadership at all levels of the organization related technical skills microsoft excel (advanced user complex formulas, macros, charts, visualizations, vlookups, hlookups, pivot tables, lists, etc), microstrategy, sql, sas, sap, microsoft dynamics, crm, salesforce.com, data mining, hyperion essbase, cognos, adobe analytics ad hoc analysis (formerly discover / omniture), adobe report builder, sitecatalyst, site catalyst, e-commerce, ecommerce, solomon, oracle 11i, peoplesoft, box.com, tableau, dropbox.com, crazyegg, microsoft powerpoint, microsoft access, microsoft word, microsoft outlook, microsoft onenote
a highly motivated, self-directed and results-driven global marketing executive who possesses exceptional abilities for building strong, cross-functional relationships with division stakeholders and internal business partners. strong ability to develop and present analytics/kpi reports for all digital assets and campaigns strategize with the analytics research teams to create tools using data analytics, predictive modeling and audience journey mapping, using new approaches and design, to drive marketing effectiveness. proven track record of deploying innovative strategies to build brand equity and company growth and improve efficiencies through new approaches to the market and more effective use of technology. i am a passionate leader who loves to build strong, long-term, mutually beneficial relationships with individuals, businesses and organizations. i possess a proven ability to excel in initiating global business development strategies that generate breakthrough revenue growth, market share, and brand visibility. i m recognized for my exemplary skills in building positive relationships in culturally diverse communities. i can help you and your organization reduce wasted ad spend, increase revenue, gain headway in global markets, and build the right kind of relationships with business partners that will sustain your growth year over year. specialties brand marketing, data marketing, executive marketing, search engine marketing, search engine optimization, digital marketing, social media marketing, strategy, business development, leadership, management, strategic partnerships, integrated marketing, employee development, traffic conversion, ebusiness strategy, p & l, branding, email marketing
results driven marketing leader with a unique ability to combine strong analytical skills with creative execution to deliver exceptional programs that continually exceed expectations with continual optimization. strong background in segmentation and analytics, offer testing and optimization, creative testing, and cross-channel testing - including email, direct, and digital programs. strong leader with extensive experience creating strategic roadmaps and 5 year plans with the ability to clearly articulate into tactical plans and motivate teams to execute. global experience with over 15 years of proven results across industries and in online and offline channels, including website development and management, email marketing, direct mail, sms marketing, magazine publishing, print, online advertising, and social networks/new media. specialties global program planning and implementation strategic planning cross-functional team management segmentation and analytics crm/loyalty interactive marketing product development budget planning and management contact center integration database planning and implementation
marketing and media professional specializing in team management, marketing strategy, content creation, video production, editing, design, social media and photography.
kirby porter graduated from harvard where she was member and captain of the women s basketball team. she s passionate about brand building & athlete empowerment, and has carried this through her career to her current role leading marketing efforts for will ventures and founding court to corporate (www.courttocorporate.com). in 2019, she was selected to sports business journal s inaugural class of new voices under 30 and in 2020, she was named a part of the front office sports rising 25 under 25.
inclusive, impactful communications leader with proven, global experience leveraging strategic reputation management to drive business and organization results. i believe in integrating lessons from my corporate, political and non-profit engagements to help individuals and organizations achieve their goals through strong, effective earned influence, advocacy and crisis management. experience includes media relations and corporate communications executive coaching and support employee engagement and communications crisis preparedness and resolution global, multicultural organization development complex, multi-stakeholder engagements (e.g., m&a) community relations and engagement
let us help you grow your sales, increase your transaction sizes, grow your repeat sale frequency, and improve your referral rate and lifetime customer value with persuasive sales copywriting that establishes credibility and persuades prospects to act, predictive behavioral modeling that identifies those prospects who are most likely to buy and cutting edge technology that delivers your message more efficiently and effectively than ever before.
i am an experienced marketing professional with strengths in the fields of marketing, business development, multi-channel management driving btl activities, customer relationship management(crm) and credit analysis. i am a team player who has an exposure in product development, brand management, and retail lending. i am always ready to take the plunge to explore more on the learning curve. currently, i am pursuing a masters degree in business analytics to further improve my analytical skills and knowledge. i am interested in opportunities that allow me to leverage both my building expertise in technology and my acumen for business and management. contact details gurpreetdhanjal05 gmail.com lets get connected!
at assist you today, we help you avoid becoming the next sears by modernizing the way you do marketing and sales. the world has changed. traditional marketing and sales methods (e.g. cold calling and blast emailing) are becoming less and less effective. companies need to employ more social media, make data-driven decisions and become more customer-centric. that's where we come in. as a former head of social media, marketing and sales at fortune 500 companies, i have built my reputation by transforming the way companies think via innovation, what if thinking and an entrepreneurial approach. i have generated exponential boosts in sales in the technology, financial services, entertainment and retail categories - on both the agency and corporate sides, and for both b2b and b2c organizations. as a 2-time speaker at linkedin's annual sales connect, i'm hired to speak on these areas of expertise 1. b2b corporate sales and lead generation 2. marketing and social media strategy 3. social media and content marketing best practices 4. innovation - latest is 'in 10 years, you'll never leave the house!' today, i m helping change the way the world sells through digital marketing, innovation, advanced #socialselling, and most importantly, by adding value to end-clients. at assist you today, we create custom-tailored sales and marketing programs to achieve your objectives. we coach your teams to find prospects, gain leads and drive sales to achieve business goals. reach out at rknop assistyoutoday, 323.972.3566 or via linkedin message to set your company up for success in the new digital age. specialties #strategy | #marketing | #sales | #salesenablement | #businessdevelopment | #socialmedia | #socialselling | #analytics | #email | #advertising | #newcustomeracquisition | #retention | #digital | #futurism| #financialservices | #innovation | #technology
bridging the gap from bong to boardroom i'm a multifaceted cannabis and hemp professional with experience across a broad range of the 'green rush.' my specialty is in the consumer facing worlds of design, retail, and communications of all forms. i'm currently serving as director of communications for central flordia norml part-time. i'm currently a free agent in search of my next full time opportunity. in the interim, i'm actively taking writing, content creation, copywriting, and editing work on a freelance basis. i'm also accepting consulting clients for a full host of media, design, pr/marketing, and business services. like most of us working in cannabis i'm a transplant to the industry, but have been involved in the space for the last 5+ years. i spent my time prior to the marijuana movement in the marine corps followed by time as a marketing and training director, an internet sales manager, and as a director of business development in both retail and direct sales. within the cannabis industry i have held a general manager's position for the first dispensary in fl, and the director of public relations for florida's largest veterans cannabis charity. in those roles i opened florida's first retail cannabis location, helped create florida's first co-branded cannabis product as well as many cobranded events and swag items. i organized or managed conferences, rallies, educational seminars, and other large scale events during this time. i have also had the pleasure of moderating panels and giving presentations, acting as a media liaison, and creating written and video content for a variety of outlets. my last position was as director of business development for one of florida's first full-service hemp consulting firms and working as a project spokesperson for an environmental bioremediation initiative. i'm an advocate for pitbulls and my fellow veterans in my spare time. i'm a star wars nerd, and a daily pokemon go player. i like hardcore and heavy metal. i'm happily married to the love of my life who is a career educator and also heavily involved in the veterans and alternative medicine world. brettpuffenbarger will find me on instagram and facebook, but be warned it's me with 'my hair down' a little bit. please email me here for professional inquiries brett.puffenbarger gmail.com i do not check the messages here regularly.
rachel tipograph considered herself amongst the digerati since the moment she became an ebay power user at 13. forbes listed rachel as one of its 30 under 30 who are changing the world , marie claire named her one of 'the 50 most influential women in america,' fast company named her one of 'the most creative people in business', adage named her one of 'the most creative people of the year,' adweek named her one of 'the young influentials shaping business and culture,' entrepreneur named her one of the '50 most daring entrepreneurs,' inc named her to the female founders 100, business insider named her one of new york tech s coolest people', refinery29 named her one of its 'rising female tech stars,' the wrap named her one of 'the 11 change agents disrupting hollywood,' and linkedin named her one of its 'next wave top professionals 35 & under.' after being the global director of digital and social media at gap where she oversaw strategy, implementation and measurement, rachel traveled the world for 100 days and then founded mikmak, an ecommerce marketing platform for multi-channel brands.
i currently serve as the head of marketing for the largest sign and graphics franchise in the world, signarama. if you are interested in exploring franchise and would like more information visit signaramafranchise.com _____________________ upcoming speaking engagements isa international sign expo 2021 link to my tedx https //www.youtube.com/watch v 66cd5en8vfg i m a hybrid marketer - former ad agency evp turned corporate cmo. i ve experienced the dramatic evolution of the marketing industry over the past two decades and understand the current challenges and emerging opportunities facing today s companies, brands and services. specifically, the convergence of traditional media, digital, mobile and social media platforms provides today s brands countless channels to tell their story.' however, achieving success in the ever-changing world of multi-channel communications requires a higher level of strategic planning, story alignment and ownable creative content than ever before. that s where my experience in building integrated marketing programs can help brands seeking to stand out. expertise - brand strategy & development - b2b/ b2c marketing - go-to-market strategy & execution - digital marketing (seo, ppc, social media, content writing) - analytics, consumer insights and research - expert positioning and public relations published bylined in digital business women magazine 2018 quoted in inc 2019 featured in adweek 2018 quoted in foundr 2018 past speaking digital branding summit, january 2020 hacking hr/ marketing panel march 2020
albert einstein described himself as passionately curious . i m passionately curious as well. and while my similarity to albert ends there, my curiosity to find marketing solutions faced by corporate ceos and family business owners alike has kept me up at night and wakes me up in the morning. an appetite for learning and teaching fuels my desire to develop relationships with others. as an international leader in linkedin marketing, prominence global provides time-tested solutions to solve the linkedin puzzle by turning clients into linkedin influencers and industry leaders. that s why i ve partnered with them - real relationship-oriented people with real solutions. i know a few things about starting, growing, and managing a business because i too have labored, procrastinated, and made poor decisions in starting and running a multi-million dollar online businesses from home - in true entrepreneurial bootstrap fashion and holding a director of marketing position for a global company. do any of the following situations sound familiar your inbox is filled with experts and charlatans pitching their newsletters and programs - the ultimate time suck. you attended networking events as expected - and feel socially molested when you leave. you ve joined every social network on the planet - and like a jack, or jill, or all trades, you ve mastered none of them. if you re anything like me, there is a big checkmark next to each of these. but there is good news. together, we can chart a new path to a more successful, less stressful, marketing future on linkedin. the prominence global process + your unique experience a more influential you! personally, my magnificent obsession is to support orphan children around the world believing life to be a devine gift. i ve been married to my junior high school sweetheart since 1980, have four amazing adult children, and two not so amazing dogs. enough about me. your turn! click the blue connect button above to chat or contact me directly at ron prominence.global prominence.global linkedin training for individuals tired of poor results and a lackluster roi on their time invested.
when i walked across the stage at kansas state university, i knew i would have an impact, help people and advocate for something i believed in. with experience in public relations, marketing, project management, and relationship management, i not only understand the importance of people and serving others, but i m also incredibly passionate about helping other human beings. that passion has led to recruiting top talent and managing external marketing/branding efforts for massmutual north carolina. massmutual north carolina offers world-class training and mentoring with direct access to leadership, as well as a diverse work environment that encourages creativity and fosters a company culture focused on employee well-being and inclusion. we champion programs and policies that strengthen communities and contribute to the social and financial well-being of all americans. my personal belief that everyone deserves access to resources and strategies that help create financial security, stability, and long meaningful relationships aligns directly with massmutual north carolina s mission. i wake up every day knowing someone sleeps more soundly because of the work we do. find us on linkedin https //www.linkedin.com/company/massmutual-north-carolina/ with over 12 countries stamped on my passport, my wanderlust continues to grow. i adore traveling, seeing new places, meeting new people, experiencing new cultures but most importantly eating and drinking all different kinds of food and wine. when i m not dreaming about my next travel adventure, i m probably out on a trail with my mini australian shepherd or looking to learn something new, whether that be through a podcast, documentary or book. myers-briggs enfj strengthsfinder strengths individualization, discipline, futuristic, connectedness, strategic
 join me live every thursday here on linkedin at 12 pm pt / 3 pm et as i help ambitious leaders carve a path to better visibility, trust, and faster growth. search #ambitiousoutcomes to watch past episodes. i unlock growth opportunities for good people and brands who deserve them, resulting in more brand awareness, more authority, and more revenue. now more than ever, you need to develop a powerful and meaningful online presence in order to achieve the level of success you deserve. marketing today requires you to build authority and position yourself and your company as a thought leader in your industry. it requires you to add value, not noise. and more importantly, it calls for authenticity and humanizing your brand. it requires you to think outside the box & use storytelling to communicate your why. to be at the top of your game, you need to work with the right partners to help you get there. that s where i come in. myself and my team at mod girl create scalable growth systems for brands and leaders who are driven by purpose, in any industry. we work with purpose-led brands that want to drive positive change and experience record growth. c-suite thought leaders who want to broaden their visibility and use their voice as a vehicle for growth. trailblazing entrepreneurs who want to uncover new business opportunities and maximize their impact. ambitious business owners who know they could be doing so much more if they had the right plan and the right partner. i believe in a world where every business leader is driven by meaningful growth and innovation, not by satisfying the ego. so, if you happen to be looking for sustainable growth and you want a platform to inspire and influence your industry, reach out. there s no better time than now to make things happen and i m ready to get started when you are. send me a message and let s see what we can do together.
impactful & affordable marketing strategies does this whole marketing thing have you feeling overwhelmed and frustrated it's time to change that and start feeling more confident in yourself , your decisions and your business. are you ready to explore the possibilities for you and your business let's work together to create an action plan and take your biz to the next level. whether you are just starting out or simply ready to pump up your business - a professional, and strategic marketing plan is mandatory. my strategies will take your brand from being a small fish in a big sea trying to reach your ideal client - to being the exact one that they want to work with. you deserve a marketing plan that actually works for you. trust me, it does exist and it doesn't have to cost thousands of dollars either. your branding , marketing and website should be generating clients, not holding you back. we'll work together to build a money-making marketing plan .quality ,strategy, and return on investment will be at the top of the priority list. forget the times you have been burned, gain confidence, trust again and start attracting your ideal clients social media + brand strategy let s give them something to talk about seo are you ready for the climb of your life right to the top go goggle website design who are you let s design something so everyone knows copy by jg
 el mayor divulgador de neurociencias aplicadas a las ventas, marketing y educaci n. conferencista profesional #1 en hispanoam rica y #1 a nivel mundial en neuroinnovaci n. autor de dos betsellers, los dos libros mas vendidos en ventas y marketing en 8 pa ses. es el conferencista m s exitoso, mundialmente, en espa ol. y uno de los 100 influenciadores en las redes sociales m s importantes de iberoam rica. mas de 2.000.000 de seguidores en las redes sociales. es el divulgador cient fico de negocios y motivaci n m s le do en espa ol en dichas redes. uno de los 10 l deres m s influyentes de hispanoam rica. ha brindado cursos a m s de 3.000.000 de personas. entregando por medio de biia lab m s de 6.000 becas. presidente de biia lab, la instituci n educativa con m s alumnos en el mundo. fue nombrado como el 'steve jobs' de la educaci n, gracias a su innovaci n social educativa biia lab. la cual en s lo 2 a os ya es la instituci n que regala m s becas y cursos por internet (en espa ol), adem s de ser vista por m s de 1.000.000 de personas al a o en 35 pa ses. presidente, tambi n, de mindcode institute. brinda en la actualidad consultor as a altos directivos y presidentes de las empresas m s importantes en 12 pa ses. director de los laboratorios de neurociencias, mas equipados en estudios de conducta humana en procesos de compra. irreverente, apasionado, aut ntico, pr ctico, inspirador! son algunas de las caracter sticas que lo definen cuando se sube al escenario. durante su trayectoria profesional, ha trabajado para compa as pertenecientes al fortune 500 como nestle, nike, danone, bacardi, pepsico, mapfre, frito lay, entre otras. con m s de 80 conferencias al a o, comparte e inspira a miles de personas a lograr m s r pido sus objetivos y tambi n a ser mejores personas.
jill has over 15 years experience developing and executing comprehensive integrated marketing programs for some of the world's top brands including toyota, amstel light, hershey s, alka-seltzer and budweiser, among others. also a spin instructor and accomplished triathlete, outside of work you can find jill in the gym, on a hiking trail or navigating the ocean on her paddle board. to get a brief glimpse of projects she has worked on, click the link below.
i am the founder and chief troublemaker for the the content advisory, the education and consulting group with the content marketing institute. we help marketers build intelligent content strategies. i've been working for the last two decades to help marketers to tell their story more effectively. over the last five years, i've has worked with more than 500 companies, including 15 of the fortune 100. i've been lucky to help provide marketing advice and counsel for global brands such as facebook, capital one, dell, ernst & young, microsoft, thomson reuters, roche pharmaceuticals, the bill & melinda gates foundation and ups. my third book - killing marketing - has been called the rewritten rules of 'what marketing should be in the 21st century' . my second book experiences the seventh era of marketing - was called a treatise, and a call to arms for marketers to lead business innovation. my first book, managing content marketing, spent two weeks as a top ten marketing book on amazon.com and is generally considered to be the owners manual of the content marketing process. i am also a featured keynote speaker and workshop teacher at technology and marketing events around the world. i am also an early-stage investor and advisor to a number of technology startups serving on the board of advisors of a number of startup companies, such as divvyhq. if you'd like to more about me, please visit my personal website at www.robertrose.net specialties content marketing content strategy digital marketing social media marketing social media governance web content management software-as-a-service marketing, sales & business development marketing strategy internet/web strategy
brandon steiner is the founder & president of the steiner agency and collectiblexchange. the steiner agency is the nation's premiere independent athlete procurement source, and collectiblexchange is an online platform for fans, collectors, store owners, celebrities, athletes and teams to buy and sell collectibles. prior, brandon created steiner sports marketing and memorabilia, one of the largest companies of its kind. in addition, brandon is a premier motivational and inspirational speaker. steiner has spoken to world-class organizations such as the new york yankees, bmw north america, nike, live nation, cornell university, tedx and harvard business school. aside from speaking to audiences, steiner is a permanent fixture in the media as a regular on espn ny radio 98.7 fm and as co-host of yankees-steiner memories of the game on the yes network. i have appeared frequently on cnbc, cnn, msnbc, espn, and in newspapers including the new york times and the wall street journal. steiner is the author of living on purpose stories about faith, fortune and fitness that will lead you to an extraordinary life, the business playbook leadership lessons from the world of sports and you gotta have balls how a kid from brooklyn started from scratch, bought yankee stadium, and created a sports empire. he lives in scarsdale, new york, with his wife, mara and children crosby and nicole. to book brandon steiner for an appearance, contact brandonsteiner1981 gmail.com
sales, marketing and business development specialist and entrepreneur. always looking to improve the quality of the lives of those around him. has used his skills to help grow multiple businesses in the insurance, solar, e-commerce and the healthcare industry. strengths lie in interpersonal skills, intuition, work ethic, perseverance and a fire to spread love to those around him. when you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you will be successful. - dr. eric thomas
ceo of mobilemonkey, inc. - the world's best facebook messenger marketing platform, for marketers at companies of all sizes -- create powerful chatbots without coding. used by millions of users, it's easy and free! also, founder of wordstream, inc - the leading provider of adwords, facebook and keyword tools used by millions of marketers worldwide. the company employs over three hundred people and manages billions of dollars of ad spend on behalf of tens of thousands of customers. acquired by gannett for $150 million in june 2018. ranked the #8 most popular author on medium. contributor to cnbc and inc. magazine. key interests include adwords, facebook ads, entrepreneurship and start-ups. marketer of the year awards from search engine land, us search awards, ppc hero. guest lectured mba classes at harvard & mit. larry lives in harvard square, cambridge, massachusetts with his wife and two young kids.
since 2004, i've been fully immersed in the real estate industry. i learned real estate from the ground up as a sellers and buyers agent while blogging about loudoun county and the industry at large, and teaching/speaking/training both locally and nationally. for a time, i worked to help nar hone their social and digital strategy, coordinating messaging for the largest trade association in the country. after feeling a pull back to my brokerage roots, i carried the branding charge for century 21 redwood realty, helping bring their compelling story to the real estate community. we opened new offices, hired talented agents, and overhauled the marketing structure to make it even more top of the line for redwood agents. now, i have my own consulting company, specializing in marketing, branding, digital strategy, and go-to-market recommendations in the real estate industry. and, i'm back in the field, advising clients and selling houses. i balance my time between my consulting clients and my real estate clients. nothing fits in a pretty little box, but it's exciting and i love all of it. stay tuned, the story continues!
pam perry (www.pamperrypr.com) is an award-winning communications professional and publisher of speakers magazine. she teaches and mentors authors, speakers and entrepreneurs how to build a platform and attract major media and clients. after working with pam, her clients have been featured on cnn, tbn, the word network, radio one, oprah magazine, tom joyner morning show, essence, ebony, black enterprise, pbs - and many other major media outlets. her clients have been offered major publishing contracts, created successful full-time careers as 'authorpreneurs' earning six-figures. she has been called by publishers weekly a 'pr guru' and featured in many major publications (including several covers) and on more than 100 radio and tv programs. she also has a 20-year career expertise in marketing, public relations and journalism in detroit, including work with the detroit free press, wnic, the edge with jeffrey miller, radio one, michigan chronicle, wnic and thehub detroit magazine. she's worked with many nonprofit organizations like the charles h. wright museum of african american history and the detroit area agency on aging developing their social media presence, online brand and digital marketing programs. pam is also author of synergy energy how to use the power of partnerships to market your book, grow your business and brand your ministry. known as the master of connecting the right people, for the right project, at the right time - pam perry pr works hard to help her clients brand (and get paid) like a superstar. - want to work with me or invite her to speak staff pamperrypr.com specialties branding, content management, coaching speakers & authors, online pr campaigns, online branding strategy, social media marketing, internet marketing training for network marketers, social media training, social networking, blogging, information marketing and online video branding
thea knobel is the vice president of platform and marketing at gsv ventures, an early stage vc fund investing in startups transforming the future of education. gsv's portfolio includes master class, class dojo, coursera, degreed, and more. at gsv thea is focused on the investor and startup community, branding, strategic portfolio support for founders, and gsv backed initiatives like the asu gsv summit. thea has venture capital investment experience at a venture capital fund and the techstars la accelerator. at techstars thea worked on the venture team for the la accelerator and also was a marketing associate in the program working with founders on designing their communications strategies. additionally, thea is passionate about education and guest lectures at the university level at usc marshall school of business. thea graduated with honors awarded to 1% of graduate students from usc marshall school of business with a m.s. in entrepreneurship and innovation. she is multilingual, a public speaker, an education advocate and an avid world traveler. follow thea_knobel on twitter for all things vc.
my passions lie in the intersection of commerce and emerging technology and creating meaningful, integrated experiences between people and brands. previous speaking engagements include tedx, women's wear daily summit, google atmosphere, the inc. 500 conference, social media week, sxsw, decoded fashion, social retail summit, imedia brand summit, and brand innovators. teaching experience includes miami ad school and guest lectures at hyper island, nyu, upenn, northwestern, and harvard. i am also an angel investor and startup advisor. i served in the inaugural class of levo league mentors and as a mentor/judge during multiple startup weekend and decoded fashion hackathons. in 2015, i was named on forbes 30 under 30 list for marketing & advertising.
our mission is to help businesses stand out, survive, succeed & grow! in the 30 plus years, i met with business owners - the #1 reason businesses don't advertise is because they say they can't afford it! 'you can't afford not to advertise!' ~kat fact 50% of businesses will fail in the 1st year! fact 95% fail within 5 years! fact over 80% of businesses don't advertise at all! we offer free education & consulting to businesses and teach you about advertising, how it works and how it can help your business grow. adbidtise will hold your hand and walk you through the advertising process so that you have the confidence in the advertising you choose to invest in. adbidtise was created to address the ongoing need for businesses to have access to a resource for advertising education, advocacy, accountability and someone that would have your back so you can make good business decisions when it comes to advertising. advertising is a required investment just like paying rent, paying your car payment, paying your electric bill and so on. advertising to a business is just like air food and water for us to survive. what do we (adbidtise) do seo social media management google adwords website design graphic design email marketing content writing reputation management digital advertising direct mail traditional advertising - negotiation and placement (i.e. pandora radio, abc, nbc, fox, bus advertising, and more) with over 30 years of experience - katherine has proudly served our country and was in the united states air force. adbidtise is a woman-owned, veteran owned and minority-owned business leader in the advertising marketplace. #socialbuzz - social media content delivered 5 days a week for only $99 a month! first 30 days are free cancel anytime sign up today www.hashtagsocialbuzz.com www.calendly.com/adbidtise www.adbidtise.com 866-607-0767
i am a passionate, energetic and inspirational operator that has devoted my entire career to designing innovative digital/e-commerce, retail and omni-channel marketing strategies for fortune 500 companies and iconic brands. after spending years in intrapreneurial executive leadership roles for large organizations such as expedia group and dreamworks animation, i now focus on advising, board work, meeting entrepreneurs/start-ups for investment opportunities, networking and helping companies/funds with their marketing, fundraising and investment strategies. i am most inspired by people, growth and entrepreneurs -- people i enjoy meeting, helping and connecting people building relationships based on transparency and trust. my introductions have resulted in people taking on board positions, advisor roles, executive positions, receiving funding, creating partnerships, making investments, securing executive searches, doing business transactions and more. growth i am excited about building companies and business units from the ground up and accelerating scale. i bring my knowledge to private equity and venture capital portfolio companies, advisory roles and board positions. entrepreneurs i have always been inspired by founders and entrepreneurs. i enjoy learning from them and helping them in areas where they may need additional support. this comes in many forms strategy (go-to-market, digital, e-commerce and marketing), fundraising, distribution, partnerships, sales effectiveness and much more.
results-oriented marketing executive with 20+ years of experience creating and implementing successful growth strategies. experience ranges from startups to global, billion-dollar organizations. transformational leader and persuasive communicator proven history of accelerating growth, penetrating new markets, and developing products people love. forward thinker leveraging big data, analytics and technology to deliver future growth and a sustainable revenue path. respected mentor and coach skilled in driving performance-based cultures and developing talent. expertly leads globally distributed teams spanning north america, europe and asia. among the most successful marketing executives in the world of technology. in the past year, recognized as one of the 50 most influential cmos (forbes) and 100 most influential chief marketing officers in the world (richtopia), as well as one of the 30 tech marketing leaders changing the industry (synthesio). the fuze marketing team recently won the prestigious roi award from siriusdecisions for excellence in demand creation. specialties strategic market planning demand creation and customer acquisition business analytics advertising (digital & offline) sem & seo global team leadership content development marketing operations analyst and media relations account-based marketing (abm) guest speaker at the conference board dreamforce demandcon harvard business school's 'burning questions' conference eloqua experience siriusdecisions summit revtalks content marketing world marketing profs' b2b marketing forum european world forum cebit
mark kilens is vp of content and community at drift where he leads the content, community and learning and development teams. he oversees drift's editorial and l&d functions, drift insider, and hypergrowth events. prior to joining drift, he served as vp and founder of hubspot academy. as an enthusiastic former customer, mark joined hubspot in 2010 as an inbound marketing consultant, where he spent two years working with thousands of hubspot customers to scale their inbound strategy. from there, he went on to build hubspot academy from the ground up, and in doing so, educated millions of people and created a best-in-class hub for marketing and sales content and training. when he s not at drift, mark enjoys plenty of steak and lobster, a round of golf or two, and loves being on snow or in the ocean. go fast, take chances!
every brand strives to influence the market in their own unique way, with an influence that will not only engage, teach, and impact their target market, but that will also deliver quality in an ever increasing market . i strive to be the medium between brand and consumer. i help consumers identify the product that best fits their unique business and leisure needs, and then produce high-quality customer service that exceeds their expectations. in 2015, i became part of the award winning national car rental team at the springfield-branson national airport. my responsibilities included sales management, fleet management, team building, incentive creation, escalated customer service response, and mediation between branch employees and upper management. in summer of 2016, we were awarded number one branch worldwide for customer service and maintained an award winning team of individuals who were motivated to build the brand. my specialties include customer service, consumer behavior, brand awareness, critical problem solving, and fleet management.
building aircall. i believe in setting stretch goals and hitting them. life's too short for less.
(he/him) | strategic advisor | forbes contributor | expert on brand purpose | inspirational keynote speaker on creativity innovation and change | social impact | marketing innovation | csr | sustainability | cause marketing | ethical consumption | social capital | corporate social responsibility | social innovation | vr virtual reality | pop culture | technology | consultancy | social good | social entrepreneurship | intrapreneurship | conscious capitalism | soho house | business as a force for good | proud sri lankan perfect for trade conferences and expos, marketing offsites, away days, team building, company conferences, brand workshops and more. afdhel aziz is one of the world s leading experts in brand purpose, marketing innovation, and social impact. he is a visionary marketer who has led brands at procter & gamble, heineken, absolut, and nokia, in london and new york. he is currently the founder and chief purpose officer of conspiracy of love, a brand purpose consultancy that helps brands like sonos, adidas, bombay sapphire, mars and coty find ways to 'make money and do good'. afdhel is the co-author of the book 'good is the new cool market like you give a damn', a provocative manifesto for a bold new model of marketing. the book was a #1 amazon new release in philanthropy and charity and has been hailed as the new ogilvy on advertising . he is one of the world's leading experts on how to deliver cutting-edge campaigns, content, and experiences working with world-class artists such as lady gaga, deadmau5, and kanye west, as well as diverse partners like the ted conferences, art basel, coachella festival, and the andy warhol foundation. he is an inspirational and motivational keynote speaker who has spoken at the cannes lions, sxsw, tedx, advertising week, tom's shoes, columbia university and more. his work has been featured in the new york times, vice, fast company, forbes, fortune, the guardian, billboard, hypebeast, mashable & more.
if you think we can help, or work together, pls send a note. in venture capital world, i help startups build, grow, fund raise, scale, & achieve through operations, partnership, fund raising, business development, and team leadership - for usa, mena, south america, dubai, european eco-systems. to connect with me - pls send email to operations svventuregroup.com as an experienced and proven leader , advisor, and mentor , i will assist or lead in business operations, business development, org transformation, customer management, pmo, and team growth. as an innovative change agent in technology, sw, iot, smart home, big data and analytics, i am able to provide for your scale, growth, and business needs through commitment, network, and skills to create, build, operationalize, and guide you through your journey. my experience includes hands-on work, and leadership in high-demand, fast-paced, or structured environments in engineering, business, sw development, it, hi-tech, big data/analytics, pmo, and manufacturing. key areas, - start-up operations & growth - big data, analytics, wearables and iot - operations strategy, global/local, planning, & execution - product and service delivery - customer service, support, and retention - team building and org structure - program, product, & project management - product life cycles management - agile, scrum, waterfall, & six sigma methodologies - business process development & re-engineering - product development hardware, software, tool & services products
man, where do i start hi i'm kristina, and i like to grow things. the more i think about it, i'm actually obsessed with growth. i'm even more obsessed with running growth experiments, analyzing the data, and deciding to double down, iterate or move on to the next experiment if it's not working. to date, my career trajectory is *anything* but linear. short and sweet, it goes like this military, hr, recruiting, content marketing, marketing, sales, and now growth marketing. but, what i'm the most excited about is bridging the gap between marketing and sales. after all, we need each other. having been in the shoes of a recruiter in startups, enterprises, and agencies - i'm genuinely driven by a desire to make a positive impact on the way companies engage with candidates and clients. i spend a lot of time helping recruiting teams learn how to stand out in a sea of outreach, and i wouldn't change it for the world. outside of work (because yes, i am a person too), you can find me fishing or danglin' for those who are 'in the know' kayaking, canoeing, or paddle boarding training jiujitsu (i'm a blue belt and competed 3x last year) traveling and exploring the food scene (y'know, when there's not a pandemic) always down for a virtual coffee so don't be afraid to reach out!
experienced c-level marketing executive helping fast-growing companies assess, position, execute, scale and improve - all with data informing decisions. advising tech companies. serving as a board member. teaching at the university of washington. volunteering. having joined tableau software in 2007 and retired at the end of 2018, was cmo through its rise from a start-up with $5 million in annual revenue to a public company with over $1 billion in annual revenue.
scott spector is a global media & entertainment c-level executive with extensive experience in business development, corporate development, emerging technologies, strategic partnerships, solutions development and new venture development. proven track record helping major technology, media and entertainment companies and artists to generate significant growth and over $40b in new business revenues. segments include ai, vr, ml, cloud, tv, film, music, professional audio, video, ott, telco, broadcast, vfx, esports, digital media, saas services, production, post production, consumer electronics, data analytics, cdn and streaming d2c services. direct executive management experience in business, strategy, technology, innovation, solutions and creative technologies. drive m&e industry innovation including development of the world's first ai movie trailer using ibm s watson for fox s morgan, and the world s first ai music mix using watson beat utilized by grammy award-winning music producer and artist alex da kid. voting member of the national academy of recording arts and sciences (naras) working on projects for neil young, loverboy, frank sinatra, dan fogelberg, david foster, quincy jones, giorgio moroder, kenny loggins, tom allom, judas priest, beach boys, lionel richie, frank zappa, steve miller, stevie wonder and luther vandross. managed new ventures for steven spielberg s amblin partners including i-connexion. i-connexion systems were utilized for mission impossible ii (cruise/wagner 2000), minority report (amblin entertainment 2001) and ai-artificial intelligence (amblin entertainment 2001).
 global citizen that grew up on the internet. my mission is to leverage creativity and technology to impact culture around the world. currently leading marketing at badoo helping to unlock the next era of growth by infusing clarity and purpose into this 425 million member community. always looking for partners, team members, mentors, and communities that can help expand my thinking and enable courageous work. don't be shy to reach out.
my top priority is demystifying complex technology solutions for customers and businesses. i have led global and regional teams focused on driving technology adoption. i currently lead the marketing organization for finastra a leading fintech serving the financial services sector. i see my role as that of a change-agent who helps organizations transform, my goals are to identify businesses' needs and meeting those needs with capabilities, products, solutions and strategies that lead to business advantage. i believe that great ideas come from everywhere, this influences my approach to business. listening is critical to truly understanding customers' , organization's and our communities' needs. i am a results driven marketing executive skilled in transformation and change management. my specialities span multiple disciplines across sales and marketing and my experience includes global as well as regional responsibilities.
a board level commercial marketing, sales and digital executive with 18 years experience. demonstrated ability to deliver top and bottom line growth in complex matrix environments, deliver award winning customer centric digital transformation and successfully grow brands, products and services. a proven ability to lead, motivate and inspire global teams.
with 15 years experience of building famous global and luxury brands in both local and international roles, he is also recognised as one of uk's power 100 marketers 2020 and is a ned for one of the uk's leading arts charities for young people.
leading marketeer and strategic communications expert working in the consumer landscape. an entrepreneurially minded creative with 10 + years experience and a vested interest in consumer behaviour, brand building, and technological innovation.
my role at prettylittlething primarily involves proposing and implementing the marketing strategy for the business. developing and maintaining relationships with agencies and key stakeholders and constantly seeking and developing new advertising opportunities for the business. managing all top line marketing spend including both digital and offline, ensuring roi targets are met across all channels. issuing daily, weekly and monthly performance reports and providing recommendations to senior members of the business on the best way to increase visitation whilst maintaining target roi. specialties budget management, branding and identity, competitive analysis, affiliate marketing, advertising, e-mail marketing, e-commerce, microsoft excel, social media, google analytics, pr
internationally experienced brand, marketing and communications leader with 20+ years of brand management, marketing, digital and communications expertise in luxury, hospitality, lifestyle and technology sectors. experience includes senior level positions in the u.s., europe, the middle east & africa in global and corporate regional roles. adept at driving strategic priorities within a complex, global organisation while applying the specified focus needed for dynamic brands to flourish.
global brand director with international experience leading fmcg/cpg/telco brands in global, regional and local teams. leading brand marketing for the uk's fastest growing tech company - revolut. proven track record of driving brand growth across mature and emerging markets and from both client and agency side. strong strategic mindset coupled with creative marketing communication to deliver competitive and profitable brand growth. demonstrable knowledge across fmcg, product innovation, brand architecture, strategic planning, sustainability, digital and data driven marketing. passionate about brands with purpose, championing women in business, coaching young starters in the industry and a believer that diverse cultural experience makes for the best minds around a table.
i am a creative, dedicated & results driven professional with experience across the full marketing mix at a global level. driving innovative, multi-channel campaigns designed to maximise against business objectives. i pride myself on my excellent interpersonal skills adept to building effective, working relationships.
integrated marketer with a passion for brand strategy, creative transformation and putting social at the heart of businesses. i build culturally relevant brands and help companies grow, bringing a challenger mentality to everything i do. i have led marketing and creative teams through rapid growth and ipo, and periods of difficult transition, but always with a clear sense of purpose. avid skier and reader, decidedly average runner and meditator. awards include cannes lions grand prix and d&ad yellow pencil. us green card holder. open to consultancy opportunities.
named one of the top 50 most influential women in the uk channel and shortlisted as crn's marketeer of year. i firmly believe that marketing breathes life into brands and services! as a senior marketing professional and a digital native, i have experience at leading large global teams to solve complex commercial issues. specialties distilling complex concepts into simple insights market research design and launch of partner programmes reward and sales compensation strong negotiation skills fair people management and talent development in employees client relationship building. my job is to make life easier for our customers and teammates, contact me on mail candicearnold.com
marketing director specialising in global brand and product marketing, multi-market communications, commercial development of brand partnerships and localised digital campaigns. leading high performing, cross-functional teams whilst delivering marketing strategies in up to 50+ markets. specialist in building best-in-class marketing infrastructure and new market launches. driving strategic marketing decisions based on comprehensive data analytics and insights. applying a consumer-centric approach to campaign planning across global flagship programmes with local brand narratives in market. extensive experience accumulated from 12+ years in marketing leadership roles across global entertainment companies including spotify, soundcloud, ticketmaster, sony and fender guitars. areas of expertise digital and cross-platform marketing 3rd party partnerships international campaign planning product launches creative production kpi setting & strategy international label relations brand development pan-european promotions user acquisition / retention / win-back budget management e-commerce & merchandising event planning 360 atl planning & activation agency management content editorial localisation subscription & music streaming services country expansion product launches entertainment & music industries affiliates ppc optimisation gift cards & groups marketing artist liaison label liaison contract negotiation board liaison creative development media planning campaign analysis crm strategy content strategy social media strategy analytics btl & ttl brand management leadership programmatic launch campaigns content marketing influencers performance marketing program management crm line management tv market launches new markets gaming e-sports 
over ten years of experience working in marketing in the hospitality sector. i have worked for eclectic bars, virgin limited edition and inception group.
experienced senior marketing professional with a demonstrated history working in the beauty and beauty tech sectors. a strategic marketer with a wealth of experience leading cross functional teams to deliver transformational market launches, most recently building the personal care division for dyson u.k. leading the high profile launches of dyson supersonic and dyson airwrap. i ve just joined the team at femtech start up elvie, where i am excited to help accelerate our journey to elevate female health issues. watch this space.
experienced global marketing vice president with a consolidated history of success in the branded consumer goods industry. skilled in business management, innovation & branding for home care, beauty and personal care, foods and more recently fintech. i have delivered several business turnarounds on major global brands in europe, asia and america. value creation through branding & purpose and digital transformation are my key competencies, leading all from design to deploy. proud of having brought sunlight, unilever s oldest brand back as a global leader in 2018 after a major value reengineering. now focusing on creating money for the future. passionate about design and magic.
- 15 years of brand and product marketing experience for b2b/b2c - international experience in europe and us. - direct people management as well as experience in managing matrix and remote teams specialties consumer marketing, business marketing, digital transformation, product management, business development, brand strategy, go-to-market strategy, social media strategy, crm, inbound marketing, social media marketing, brand development, ecommerce
smb strategic account manager (uk/i) at facebook. product led, data driven, and highly creative. ready to work in a fast paced environment. msc in strategic marketing from imperial college of london (2018-2019) senior growth hacker at mumm (tech start up) (2017-2018) senior marketing specialist at etisalat misr (2016-2017) graduate trainee/marketing specialist (2015-2017) ba business administration from the american university in cairo (2014) - magna cum laude. cairo on foot initiative founder (2014-present) achievement award for outstanding academic achievement (fourth year of bachelors) academic merit, hult business school (2013)
a well-rounded, experienced and passionate marketing professional with a demonstrated history of campaign success, strong commercial acumen and a keen personal interest in quality food, health and wellbeing.
a senior marketer delivering significant business growth within telecoms, media and entertainment sectors. a blue chip background i have extensive brand, marketing and commercial acumen to drive business results. a true leader of people i have continued to build capability across organisations and lead change and evolution through business transformation.
ian is a digital, startup and mobile marketing veteran having been at the forefront of developing digital industries such as mobile content, saas, mobile entertainment, on-line gambling and financial services for over 18 years. ian is currently the chief marketing officer for hotel tech saas startup triptease. triptease is a saas startup building industry-leading software for the hotel industry. the triptease platform is built to help hotels take back control of their distribution and increase their direct revenue. before triptease ian was vp marketing at velocity the app that provided insider access to the world s best dining and hospitality experiences in london, new york, los angeles, san francisco, miami, toronto and more. prior to joining velocity, ian was chief marketing officer for london based venture studio sketch and before that ian was the marketing director for multiple award winning start-up yplan. before venturing into startups, ian headed up the marketing function for a new special projects division within paddy power. he was responsible for devising the brand identity and all acquisition and retention marketing activity for new mobile brands for paddy power. previous to joining paddy power , ian spent 2 years as head of marketing & business development in the mobile strategy division of a&n media, working on the app marketing and mobile direction for a&n media brands such as daily mail, metro, findaproperty and jobsite. specialties start-ups, scale-ups, growth hacking, mobile marketing, b2b, saas, b2c, international expansion, digital marketing, social media, brand building, atl, seo, ppc, product marketing, acquisition marketing, retention marketing, multi $m budget management, team development, events, content strategy, marketing strategies, global marketing management, conference speaking, mentoring, p&l management, board level reporting, unit economics.
london based digital marcomms and brand professional with a successful track record and over 15 years of international experience. ambitious and performance-driven b2b/b2c marketing professional with an unparalleled work ethic. highly proficient digital ux and wireframe designer desktop, mobile, touchpoints. skills in html, css, javascript, actionscript, aws hosting, cdn's, cms specialist in seo, ppc, remarketing, social & content marketing, analytics and affiliate programmes outstanding written and oral communications skills with comprehensive experience in numerous forms of marketing and information dissemination. strong capacity to manage multiple projects on strict timelines that adhere to brand guidelines. proficient on mac and pc with advanced knowledge of microsoft office suite (word, excel, and powerpoint), adobe creative suite (photoshop, illustrator, indesign) and a variety of content management systems, customer relationship management systems and email marketing platforms
building beyond a bank - a global platform for all your financial needs. specialities growth we are hiring (growth) stars at revolut to fuel our growth in europe and beyond - check open positions here revolut.com/jobs and why you should join us below. incumbent banks are powerful. they owe us nothing. they watch us. they punish us for our mistakes. they have more money, more people, more connections. we are underdogs. we keep learning. we innovate. everyday is a new fight. technology is our weapon. we identify opportunities. we focus. we execute. banks can be beaten. we love the game.
driving innovative ways to help our clients grow, through both marketing transformation and digital business models, by combining our unique capabilities in creativity, media, data and technology.
product, marketing, people
digital marketing strategist and leader.
an innovative leader with 20 years experience in the pharma industry across europe, latin america & asia. my passion is launching new brands, with a proven track record across a wide range of geographies and across a number of disease areas having launched 6 blockbuster pharma brands at local, regional and global level. emerging markets is an area of special interest where i had the opportunity to launch brands, implement several initiatives and drive growth in these dynamic developing markets. specialties china, asia, latin america, developing/emerging markets, strategic marketing, launch excellence, strategic analysis, team management, sales, strategic account management, developed markets (us & top5 eu), launch acceleration, design thinking, virtual engagement platforms
a business leader with 15+ years of global experience in tech, financial services, media & content, cpg and medical products in developed & emerging markets across the world. held leadership positions and led high impact strategic programs across marketing, product management, partnerships and sales & operations. rich experience in new product launches and scaling them globally, driving revenues, p&l management, brand development & launch and growth initiatives. ability to operate in fast paced environments in partnership with cross-functional teams.
i contribute to a company's growth by constantly looking for ways to increase acquisition volumes while decreasing cpa, looking at everything from marketing channel mix through to product or pricing. i love the balance between data and creativity that my job brings. i have gained marketing experience within a variety of industries from fintech to the charity sector, always making sure that marketing spend is tracked through to making an impact for an organisation - whether this means growing revenue or donations. time is also precious in a start-up environment and a large part of delivering results has been about making sure to focus on the highest value work.
experienced head of marketing with a demonstrated history of working in the digital marketing industry and internal/external communications. skilled in marketing, communications, project management, account management, search engine optimisation (seo), social and sales. currently managing all of the marketing for techex.
i am a strategic and results-oriented executive with a track record in successfully scaling and accelerating global businesses and challenger brands in high growth categories across iconic corporate businesses (agency and brand) and scale ups. as an analytical thinker with a consumer centric approach, i rely on data and insights to fuel growth strategy and use advanced analytics to help quantify the impact of marketing spend on short- and long-term value. i possess strong commercial acumen and am experienced driving category vision, commercial marketing and innovation strategy. i believe in balancing analytics and creativity through development of clear brand positioning and brand story and crafting a clear mission and purpose as the north star of all business and brand initiatives. i have a proven capacity to adapt to various cultural environments and effectively collaborate with cross-functional teams and project stakeholders to deliver locally- and globally- relevant marketing solutions. as an experienced and visionary leader, i inspire creativity, harness team strengths, and support my teams in reaching their full potential. core competencies scaling and accelerating businesses and brands business, brand development & growth marketing commercial marketing & innovation integrated comms strategy/strategic planning data driven digital marketing & ecom challenger brand and purpose marketing strategy stakeholder & agency collaboration team leadership & mentorship i am passionate about developing purpose led businesses and brands and always look for the why in everything i do. outside of work, i love spending time with friends and family and engage in as many sports activities as possible. running, skiing and triathlon are my favourites while yoga brings me mindfulness. i welcome the opportunity to connect and collaborate with other industry professionals. feel free to reach out to me via linkedin or lonethomsen hotmail.com.
creating a strong brand with the use of in depth marketing analysis is something that i am incredibly passionate about and am able to deliver through a diverse range of creative marketing strategies.
with over seven years experience in marketing, i have a successful track record across multiple disciplines and creative industries with a particular aptitude and interest in strategy and partnerships. i m currently freelancing as a creative consultant for several luxury lifestyle, wellness and hospitality brands. i have an extensive background in social media management and freelance writing, i am passionate about producing engaging, exciting and shareable content. i have full accountability for all aspects of communication including all marketing both on and off line including dedicated digital campaigns, development and management of associated websites, influencer strategy, pr, events and advertising campaigns.
i have spent the past 14 years working within and leading global marketing teams across some of the biggest brands in gaming, sports, entertainment and retail. i've delivered social media and digital transformation projects, short and long-term strategic planning and built and re-structured global teams (internal and external) with extensive experience leading on fan engagement, gtm strategy, content and production, product launches and brand strategy working with budget management of between 1-5m
i am a highly efficient, innovative and methodical commercial marketing manager with extensive experience of business development, brand creation, events planning and sales. i enjoy working in a fast paced, hands-on, growth-orientated work environment and possess a proven ability to consistently exceed set targets, plan and execute large scale events and effectively carry out new business development.
i am a digital and strategy consultant based in london with ten years of global industry experience. i help companies to plan, strategise and execute their digital journey. i work with companies in various stages - having run an e-commerce lingerie startup myself, i help startups with go to market strategies, drawing business plans and getting hands on with executing everything digital! - while working with smes, i help in their digital transformations. from being responsible for sales numbers on an owned platform or on marketplaces, to helping them build exponential growth plans, i have worked in various industries namely jewellery, insurance, lighting, and search engines alike. - in my last capacity as an employee, i was heading the digital team in usa and india of a 3bn $ company. building their omni-channel strategy, i defined their online brand presence, operations and supply chain while chasing ambitious sales targets. we were awarded the best brand advertiser by amazon marketing services.
hugely experienced in all aspects of small, mid & large businesses. have been involved in several start-up companies and so have been exposed to a vast array of business circumstances! an enthusiastic team member, always happy to pitch in to help but with a considered approach as to the roi or suitability of the project. hardworking and organised with an ability to work well under tight deadlines. always looking for a challenge and ways of taking my marketing career to the next level... specialties uncanny ability to pick up software programmes - extensive use of microsoft products and to a lesser extent html editors (frontpage & dreamweaver), design & dtp (including photoshop, illustrator, indesign & quark), lotus notes (for my sins!), crm (variety including salesforce) & marketing automation tools (variety including eloqua & unica)
high profile executive with over 20 years of experience in the consumer and sports technology sectors for both hardware and software entrepreneurial ventures and large corporations. currently chief executive officer consumer at publicly listed catapult ( cat.asx ), reporting into the board of directors. decisive multidisciplinary leader and proven innovator. inventor of the playr athlete performance analytics system and smart garment launched successfully in june 2018 and praised globally for its design, accuracy and overall high-quality standard. high energy, resilient and disruptive thinking individual, conceives and delivers breakthrough product and business strategies to enhance the brand and sharpen the competitive edge. driven & globally-minded having lived and worked in europe/south america and led multicultural teams.
accomplished and results-driven vp of marketing with a progressive career designing and executing strategic marketing initiatives for leading global saas companies to drive business growth, enhance performance and maximize revenue. consistent track record in generating new business through client acquisition and retention in complex geographically dispersed markets, driving brand awareness, defining robust marketing strategies and analyzing customer needs to deliver sustainable business and financial growth. a trusted and inspirational business leader with a commitment to instilling positive change to encourage, motivate and transform team performance, to facilitate successful building and delivery of organizational objectives for success in start-up and scale up businesses to achieve their potential.
i help technology companies to create a powerful brand, marketing and digital campaigns that deliver brand clarity and exponential growth. engaged by technology companies to evaluate their brand positioning and make their marketing spend more effective. i develop new brand strategies, nurture partner relationships , create more effective channel relationships and marketing programs. i have recently been engaged by three global technology companies to re-brand the organisations and create explosive growth through digital, social and content-driven marketing campaigns / product launches. career highlights rebranded kaspersky and increased global revenue by $40m to $750m created a business brand for samsung mobile uk and was responsible for all premium mobile products and software launches increasing revenue by 150m over 3 years. initiated a challenger brand marketing strategy for nokia mobile, delivered $320m in annual revenue for europe built advertising agencies in san francisco and london designed for servicing technology companies key skillset - global brand strategy - marketing strategy b2b and b2c - creative and disruptive thinker - brand building and marketing campaign creation - leadership, teamwork, and management of high-performance teams - dealing with diverse people and cultures, global experience in 3 continents - project management and coordination involving several partners and stakeholders - expertise in consumer technology, mobile, telecommunications and information technology - partner relationships and channel management - extensive experience as a global leader across north america, western europe and the uk key skill set global branding| marketing strategy | commercial marketing | team leadership | digital marketing | marketing technology | business strategy | marketing operations | sales | content marketing | partner marketing| client experience aa, bmw, bt, british gas, citrix, currys, deloitte consulting, hp, kaspersky, mcafee, nokia, oracle, pc world and samsung
specialties marketing strategy, team management, budget management, e-comm, communications, public relations, advertising, media planning and buying, sponsorship, corporate social responsibility, digital marketing, social media marketing, event management, brand management, marketing communications, internal communications, crisis communications, sports marketing analytic, team player, able to work under pressure, result oriented, curious, well organised
i help companies drive rapid growth by creating outstanding brand marketing and digital experiences. i develop new customer and marketing strategies, and create or reorganise marketing functions. typically i help boards and private equity companies that are suffering from one or more of the following some are frustrated by their marketing team's poor performance which is stunting growth. others are stuck in a fog and need a cmo to bring clarity to their strategic direction. a few simply lack a marketing function that is aligned to the business or considered fit for purpose. that s where i come in. outcomes from my work have included restructured and transformed a 220m private equity-owned marketing business in emea achieved growth for the first time in three years & increased customer retention won 8m incremental sales and delivered 9m savings to the bottom line built an industry-disrupting new digital agency model, selling company 40% above value defined marketing strategy and reorganised marketing functions at 3 blue-chip companies created marketing to make brands famous with very strong roi of up to 800% drove multi-service flagship client relationship, growing from 200k to 22m revenue created several innovation methodologies & offerings and new creative lab spaces competencies highly commercial, able to effectively manage budgets on large-scale p&ls proven track record on driving growth deep experience in the design and implementation of new digital marketing operating models broad global skillset in market research, marketing communications, broadcast, retail, digital marketing, digital products & services, martech, production, in-house expertise in financial services, healthcare, fmcg, automotive, entertainment and technology extensive experience as global leader across asia pacific, usa, middle east and europe fluent french and excellent german i am open to interim marketing roles on an on-demand, advisory or consulting basis and i am available immediately. #ono i am happy to work or relocate anywhere worldwide, remotely and/or onsite. business transformation | strategic planning | p&l management | team leadership | brand marketing | digital experience design | digital marketing | digital transformation | marketing technology | operating models | business strategy | marketing strategy | marketing operations | sales | business development
marketing leader with 20+ years of professional experience on leading marketing, communication and product strategies in the latin american market across several industries. global professional passioned by new technologies and seeking to take businesses to the next level through digital transformation. every single company right now needs to transform itself to be in closer touch with and understand their customers, to delivery an experience that is consistent, personal and engaging. customers are really going to value that. and we can t create great content without data. data & design together are transforming the way world has done marketing.
brand communications & marketing professional. helping businesses to grow becoming meaningful to customers and responsible with the environment and society. optimizing communications & customer experience through fully omnichannel strategies. helping brands to lead de change . brands iberostar, intu retail, red bull, london 2012 olympic and paralympics games, queen elizabeth olympic park destination, camel global, l oreal, lvmh, lauren-perrier, dior, sony ericsson, vodafone. main areas of expertise brand strategist |npd & innovation |marketing| digital transformation| communications| ecommerce| commercial branding & sponsorship. international individual, who lived in different countries and believes in the power of multicultural and multidisciplinary teams to deliver the best work. a natural inspiring leader able to work focused in team and results. creative individual - ceo and creative director at eclectic-sonnet - fashion brand. millinery/fashion brand created in lnd. stockists fenwick, selfridges, 24fab, papaya, girissima, mattina.
i am hugely passionate about helping businesses to be commercial with their marketing and getting leaders to understand the power of the marketing engine. i am here to help you harness that power without spending time, effort and money you don't have. i am now to be found wearing a few different hats! through onnovate - i'm helping tech businesses figure out their marketing strategy to allow start ups to become grown ups. finding the right clients to work with, onboarding them well, ensuring they become a fan, and keeping them! through peopleworth - with the exceptional colleagues of kate andrews and melloney guiver, we're working to ensure businesses can thrive through their people. whether that's finding the right talent, ensuring your hr policies are in tune with your values, creating a culture of success. you name it, if it's people oriented, we can help you. finally if you're a junior marketer or you're in recruitment and want some thoughts or advice on campaigns, ideas, new technologies, give me a shout. i'm loving being able to 'give something back' and i am always up for a chat about all things marketing.
 chief marketing officer, with over 19 years' experience in leading marketing teams and functions. has led within global blue-chip organisations (barclays), mid-market corps and fintech start-ups. track-record of delivering successful digital transformation and marketing innovation. a natural leader of teams who loves building and inspiring high-performing marketing functions. creative and lateral thinker across marketing, brand, comms, digital and customer engagement. regularly draws on board-level business and agency relationships. passionate about making a genuine difference for customers, clients and companies. 'uk marketer of the year' - financial services forum awards, 2017.
marketing, sales and general management leadership roles within blue-chip corporates and high-growth startups across health, consumer goods, technology and entertainment. a digital-native with expertise in building disruptive brands that connect emotionally, scaling businesses, driving profitable growth, venture capital fundraising (raised $42mm), developing high-performance teams, international expansion, turnarounds. hands-on experience in us, canada, latin america, uk, europe, china. extensive board / advisory experience with startups in us / europe. active speaker at leading conferences on marketing and innovation. american-british dual nationality. fluent in english-spanish. lived in the us, uk, france, netherlands, and spain. open to board and advisory roles.
on a mission to lead the global transformation to modern and sustainable travel women leader in tech - brand and marketing expert - insight, science and creative led - orientated around solving for the customer in product, ux, range and of course marketing - loves complex challenges and solving for the hard stuff - loving life, mum of two - aspiring trailblazer - expert juggler 
experienced p&l leader in the emea and international saas software sector with deep expertise in revenue generation marketing, business development, enterprise sales, strategy and go-to-market partnerships. successful and consistent track record in developing and scaling revenue generation globally, launching new markets and developing pipeline from scratch. being cmo of modulr, i'm responsible for taking to market our new integrated payment service for businesses that need a faster, easier and more reliable way to move money. modulr's api and platform delivers automated pay outs, simplified pay ins and the ability to launch new payment services across employment services, payroll, accounting platforms, lending, fintech, travel, and more. previously, i led and built marketing at appirio, inc (global strategic partner of salesforce.com, workday and google) in europe - $30k - $133m pipeline growth in 4 years (acquired in 2016), helped scale hive learning's marketing function (also a blenheim chalcot company), co-founded 2 companies in the saas tech space and worked as a new business / go-to-market advisor to scaling startups. aside from all the above, i love helping others learn more about leadership, motivating teams and personal development - you can find out more via my blog link below. connect * twitter edabl * twitter modulrfinance * medium medium.com/demand-karma * web. www.edwinabl.com
we help leading brands and sme's in online lead generation, seo, analytics, cro, digital pr, outreach, ecommerce marketing, website re-development and digital strategy www.accelerate-agency.com. interested in connecting with people that are focused on paid search, organic search, development, social management or content.
do you need to attract & secure more of the right clients are your marketing efforts all in vain confused by all the so-called 'marketing experts' online & wondering who to trust message me! i provide 2 solutions 1. in 2014 i knew next to nothing about marketing... i was just a kid with a smart phone and a dream to 'make it big'. i wanted to provide a marketing agency which could cater for all businesses of all sizes, both the david's and goliath's. since 2014 i ve helped 100 s of sme businesses grow & attract more of the right clients. worked with sales & business development teams around the world from a wide range of different industries. trained business owners to generate over 20,000 connections on linkedin and spark new conversations with potential clients every day. an online training platform to reach 6,000 targeted facebook likes for as little as 0.02 per like and reach over 20,000 people. a start up entertainments business to generate 100,00's in closed bookings. an escape room to quadruple their turnover. 2. marketing school has developed into an additional string in smith media's bow. if you are looking to grow your knowledge of marketing or train your team on how to implement the best strategies for marketing in your business then my consulting & training packages will be a great fit for you! outside of work i m often seen at the gym stretching my legs or at the cinema devouring a large box of popcorn which cost me 20... i'm always looking out for business that i can help and really bring value to! if you feel like you need to step up your marketing game i'd be happy to discuss your requirements!
influencer is the intersection between extraordinary creativity and exceptional technology. we make waves and we measure the impact. influencer translates top level media strategies into award winning influencer campaigns that align with key brand kpis. our pairing of innovative creative strategy and insights grounded in data produces purpose driven content that is easily amplifiable and leaves a lasting impact on millions. we build meaningful relationships between brands and creators. co-founded by entrepreneur ben jeffries and youtuber caspar lee, we are proud to have produced award winning campaigns for global brands such as the british army, superdry, starbucks, pantene, odeon, uber eats, and barclays, to name a few. want to add your brand name to that list thought so. check out influencer.com or email us on contact influencer.com.
as global head of digital marketing for next plc, i am responsible for all aspects of digital marketing for the ecommerce division and media planning for the group globally. my role is wide ranging from strategy, media planning and buying for both digital and traditional media, to customer relationship management (email, push) and seo (search engine optimisation). i lead a team of 36 marketing professionals and report to the ecommerce director, who leads all aspects of next plc 2bn+ global ecommerce business. i joined next plc to accelerate its digital transformation programme from a marketing and media perspective. in my first 12 months i developed a new digital marketing strategy for the group, securing board approval for significant increased digital media spend. this media spend has delivered exceptional results and record roi for next plc, all activity significantly exceeded the targets set. i am responsible for all digital media planning and buying including paid social, ppc, affiliates, programmatic display etc. i manage a budget in excess of 40m per annum. i am responsible for the strategic relationships (including development of jbp's) with key partners such as google, facebook, ibm watson marketing and our media agency. previously, i was responsible for the digital marketing strategy for very.co.uk, which is shop directs largest and fastest growing pureplay on-line brand which has a turnover in excess of 1.3bn. very.co.uk was an exciting brand to be part of and i am very proud to have been with the team for over 8 years. my role was wide ranging and included digital strategy, communications and campaign planning, working with strategic partners such as google and multiple agency partners to plan media and develop creative. in that time, we delivered huge sales and new customer growth. i played a key role in the adoption of new ways of buying media such as programmatic and focus on mobile media. i am especially proud to have won more than 10 mobile marketing awards whilst at very.co.uk. i am experienced in managing large teams, management of profit and loss accounts as well as large scale change programmes
all things digital marketing and building exciting brands. marketing & brand director at patch. previously, i was head of marketing at route1 (b2c & b2b marketplace), an award winning app that provides a quick and easy alternative to recruiters and costs significantly less. i set up and built mario testino's digital marketing to 2.8 million subscribers and was trained on omnicom's fast-track management programme. this involved working in five marketing agencies (customer research, branding, pr, digital) with additional training provided by the omnicom team. i also founded a small digital design agency and a network of student societies. i studied a mix of sociology, anthropology, genetics, biology, demography and statistics at oxford university.
a commercially driven marketer who is able to translate business objectives into marketing goals and measurements. i have a sound understanding of the full lifecycle of demand generation from campaign design, execution, analysis, reporting and sales enablement. my speciality lies in developing, implementing and managing programmes that optimise customer journey touchpoints and accelerate the sales cycle through marketing automation, social media, pr and events management. a learn it all, not a know it all.
matt is director of marketing at zendesk, a leading global saas company. he has 15+ years of experience leading european and worldwide marketing and communications programmes for leading tech brands such as microsoft, siemens, the gsma and instructure. matt has both agency and in-house experience, having worked for the world's largest communications and marketing services firm, as well as client side at organisations that have been true tech disruptors and innovators.
i m a data-driven b2b digital marketer with over 15 years of experience gained across ad agencies, publishers, silicon valley start-ups, and social media platforms. digital storyteller i have a proven track record in distilling highly complicated concepts into simple and effective marketing strategies, messaging, campaigns, and sales training. i am passionate about using technology to engage audiences and provide them with value regardless of the content format or media. international outlook i have significant experience managing stakeholders around the globe and implementing programmes that scale and meet brand objectives, yet are authentic and feel relevant to diverse local audiences. i am a us citizen and managed content and product marketing for the asia-pacific region (while based in australia) for over 5 years and for emea (currently based in the uk) since 2017. specialties b2b marketing, digital marketing, content marketing, product marketing, gtm strategy, product adoption, customer research, demand generation, analytics, optimisation, sales, and sales enablement.
i'm a field marketing manager at google cloud with nearly a decade of digital marketing experience, campaign development for ent and strategic b2b demand generation marketing. this is what i do best develop targeted demand gen programs and scaled campaigns for senior enterprise audiences end-to-end planning, execution and roi reporting for digital events and large scale conferences sales funnel and lead management analysis in dynamics & salesforce account based marketing for enterprise segment outside of work, i placed top 10 on masterchef uk 2020 out of 60 home cooks. i've also travelled to nearly 30 countries so far. originally from vancouver and currently living in london, england.
key skills brand building, data and insight, acquisition, project management, creative campaigns.
i lead marketing and business strategy for cytiva, part of the danaher corporation's life sciences group of companies. i help people understand and engage with the company and the field we work in, and help the company understand the market, our customers and develop our strategy so we can do a better job for them. i am a futurist at the convergence of biology, data science and engineering - three fields that are changing our world in the 21st century as dramatically as advances in physics and electronics did in the 20th century. i actively support public and civic understanding of, and engagement in, science, medicine and bio-technology. better understanding of what's going on in the field means better, more effective evidence-based decision-making by policy makers, physicians, healthcare leaders and the general public alike. this leads to better health and health-economic outcomes. specialties biotech, health & science policy, science communication. connecting people, getting things done, making things happen.
lawyer by training and business-marketer by profession. over 10 years of professional experience and an mba.international cross-country marketing experience in management roles at blue-chip multinational companies great exposure in the cosmetics & beauty industry working in top-selling global brands, while leading key projects, star launches and high-performing teams consulting independent projects, advising start-ups, mentoring young entrepreneurs and adjudicating as a jury in investment of early stage startups (seed) guest lecturer at universities (over 10 years in 9 universities across 4 countries), panel participant and conference keynote speaker i have worked in different countries, languages and cultures (london, paris, athens, dubai, new york) in diverse management roles at a local, regional and global level. i have a dynamic and adaptable personality with great drive for marketing at work and outside of work. i am always eager to discover new opportunities with great enthusiasm by leaving my comfort zone and taking risks. i have a passion for cosmetics, tech, theatre, photography, travelling and sustainability. i speak 4 languages and have visited over 40 countries.
i help people build stuff
i'm a brand marketing and communications leader who has worked in the social media/consumer technology space for over 15 years. i'm currently working as a leader in the brand and communications team at linkedin, emea. specialties social media, brand marketing, communications, digital, media relations, public relations, linkedin, technology, strategy development, campaign management
a highly motivated, enthusiastic and creative senior marketing professional, educated to degree standard and with an idm professional diploma in direct and digital marketing. a proven track record of 8 years b2b and b2c marketing experience. highly adaptable to both corporate and start up working environments.
b2b marketing director with a successful track record and over 25 years experience spanning global marketing, field and channel marketing, product line management, services marketing and research & development in the telecoms market segment. specialties marketing leadership, creating culture of innovative marketing to rise above the noise, executive engagement, stakeholder teamwork especially with sales leadership, brand awareness, demand gen, budget management.
 expert in online transformation & growth, ecommerce, brand experiences and digital advertising senior online leader, currently running the largest online fashion business in the uk ( 2bn online) leader in advertising technologies with strong partnerships with google and facebook retail-week 'future ceo's of retail' member of the facebook uk client council member of the retail week advisory board currently ecommerce / online & marketing director at next retail. running the 2bn online business in the uk and 72 international markets - largest online fashion website (by market share) in the uk. accountable for - p&l / trading of the website including commercial day to day, online content - creative, campaigns and brand experiences - marketing & advertising, buying across digital and traditional media and with premier relationships with major ad-tech firms (google, facebook...) with a strong focus on profitability - development of next online including ux, innovation and development across websites and apps - data science division for next, including artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities - our international business, now c. 0.5bn across 72 markets background - digital, ecommerce and online commercial growth - customer and corporate strategy - m&a - consulting and advisory - international and go-to-market growth strategy - transformation of large multichannel businesses previous experience includes - ecommerce director for next (uk and international) - director of digital innovation at walgreens boots alliance, founder of betalab tech start-up - director of digital and healthcare at walgreens boots alliance - head of tech strategy for boots uk - senior manager at booz & co. tier-1 strategy consultancy based in dubai - manager at accenture- programme director at barclays and visa - consultant at telecoms new zealand - consultant at cap gemini ernst and young- at her majesty's revenue & customs (hrmc) in the uk global geographic experience having worked uk, europe, north america, middle east and south pacific. was previously based in dubai for four years and new zealand for a year. industry experience focused on fashion, healthcare, beauty, fmcg / cpg brands, retail, financial services (banking & capital markets), egovernment & public sector
my marketing career has covered telecoms, media, film, it services and technology companies, globally, giving me great insight into how to deliver successful marketing strategy and hands-on implementation across a number of sectors. i have taken the marketing helm for several top start-ups and major enterprises microsoft, colt, logica, acision, surfkitchen, snell&wilcox and sagem orga. i have run the gamut of successful marketing initiatives both strategic and tactical from branding and marketing comms, thought leadership and pr to product marketing and management. i am also a judge for the marketing awards by the drum (www.thedrum.com) and b2b markerting (www.b2bmarketing.net). i can be found on twitter scottallenuk specialties branding marketing strategy market research competitor/market analysis messaging collateral development direct mail demos & videos product & solution marketing website design and copywriting pr programmes online and digital media campaigns sales lead and pipeline generation exhibition and event planning execution and support corporate communications - internal, external, stakeholders, influencers, partners advertising customer programmes partner marketing crm digital channel.
my purpose is to be a platform to others, by leading diverse, creative, inquisitive and fearless teams where critical thinking is embraced and top quartile performance rewarded. i believe the best decisions come via collaboration and actively listening to people with specialist skills greater than my own. as a leader and ally i have evolved to embrace what i don t know and empower people around me with the things i do. i am a committed lifelong learner. in an emerging 4th industrial revolution i am passionate that companies will thrive by building resilient purposeful cultures designed to move fast, unlearn where relevant and be pragmatic to data. having spent the last 20 years living between the uk and usa, building global b2c / b2b / d2c brands in blue-chip cpg, industrial, automotive and service organisations, i am customer obsessed and understand the importance of regional culture to drive growth in multinational organisations. i am grateful for the opportunities i have been given and the people that i have learnt from. these have given me experience in working across multiple functions, using my curiosity and creativity to apply critical thinking to unblock commercial challenges. my most recent work has focused on how to solve for the skills, technology and leadership gap when fusing digital disruption and sustainability together, to drive financial and people growth in an organisation evolving from a shareholder to a stakeholder business. currently, i am exploring the gig economy and have founded a freelance advisory company (zosolie) working with various start up and mid-tier companies supporting their growth transformations across digital customer experience, employee / candidate experience, leadership and marketing. customer experience | digital transformation | performance marketing | operational optimization for high growth | purpose | talent development and retention | sustainability | communication and presentation | p&l management and business mindset | empathy | critical thinking
i am a highly experienced ecommerce, digital and marketing professional with expertise in many areas of advertising, media and technology. i specialise in customer acquisition, retention & growth. i am attracted to challenging roles and the opportunity to make a difference. i m also an advocate of insight-led, customer-centric approaches that built deeper relationships with customers and consumers. i have built up a reputation for bringing high energy, clarity of vision, resilience and commercial acumen. i thrive in complex, fast paced environments, solving customer facing and marketing challenges. my focus is on building high performance teams, delivering growth through insight and behaviour change. i take huge pride in building, coaching and developing teams to deliver results. throughout my career, i have delivered holistic marketing strategy, implemented omni-channel marketing initiatives to improve capability and driven change. a proven leader and hands on line manager with extensive general management experience running teams overall operations (including it, legal, procurement, hr and finance). sector marketing experience across retail, travel, banking & finance, tech, utilities, fmcg, lifestyle and luxury. i ve held senior positions at both advertiser and media agencies. i was previously director of global digital marketing for the body shop. prior to this i was head of digital marketing, social media and content for british gas, delivering customer growth and sales (+800k new customers). during my agency tenure, i delivered growth for some stellar international brands including hsbc, jaguar, pepsi, kellogg s, expedia, hyundai, camelot, gucci and air france/klm. uk, european and global experience. experience of leading cross-functional teams from strategy to execution, across matrix organisations. energetic, collaborative & goal orientated. experience of leading cross-functional teams from strategy to execution, across matrix organisations. core competencies include brand marketing | business strategy & planning | digital acquisition | talent management | leadership | ecommerce growth | technology procurement | storytelling | team development | stakeholder management | forecasting | marketing communications | project management | digital innovation | social media | digital transformation | crm | analytics and measurement | go-to-market strategy | advertising & pr | content development | business development | agency & service provider management | troubleshooting | calmness under pressure | seeing positivity in every challenge.
claranet are experts in modernising and running critical applications and infrastructure. one of only five companies in the world to have all three audited managed service provider certifications from the hyperscalers - microsoft azure expert msp and gold partner - aws premier consulting partner - google cloud premier partner combining pioneering technologies, practices, and expertise to propel your business ambitions. - positioned in gartner magic quadrant - seven consecutive years - 60+ cybersecurity experts - 10,000+ network connections switched to claranet this year - 375m ( 425m) annualised revenue - founded in 1996 - privately owned i m interested in all things technology, music, and sport (rugby is my go-to, but i m also notoriously bad at fantasy football). feel free to reach out to me here on linkedin (or by email below) if you d like to chat about my experience, claranet solutions, or any the above! colleagues and customers can contact me at jack.kerr uk.clara.net. or feel free to message me on here.
author | speaker | advisory board member fortune 500 companies | founder of nylon. & pov (purpose | objective | vision) strategy. pioneering in the early 2000s a point of view marketing revolution, i work at the intersection of behavioral economy, business development and advertising. i had wonderful people around me that helped create dove - real beauty strategy, awarded as the campaign of the century. 'beverage's favorite adman by campaign magazine, described me as a rare hybrid who has credentials with psychologists, economists and mad men alike and that is a pretty good description of me. i hope you realise that marketers can make a difference in society. i know that marketing can be one of the greatest forces for social change. i did it with a simple bar of soap, dove. the work you do can affect popular culture. all while increasing sales higher than ever before. your brand touches people every day. if you choose to do so, you can do a lot of good. it is the reason why i am sharing my method (pov) so freely. it is so we can make better choices as people behind the brand. create win-win situations for the brand, the financials, and society which has proven to be much more effective than traditional strategies. 'the success is due to a process called point of view, developed by joah santos. it has proven that it is not a random success.' - by ricardo dias, cmo of abinbev's modelo, advertising hall of famer, book art of branded entertainment 'jeff bezos treated pov like holy scripture... getting to that pov takes a deep mining of the companies soul. the work can take time, and it's hard. but we promise you, it's worth it. - by christopher lochhead, best selling author, #1 business podcast, xcmo book play bigger 'don't talk to me about storytelling, we have heard enough stories from brands, it is the main reason we think most brands untrustworthy. become a story worth telling, don't tell me stories.' - joah santos
i am a consumer marketing leader in the uk, with an expertise in leading teams to deliver highly creative marketing campaigns to generate impactful results. i also hold a number of high-profile non-exec board positions in the uk arts & culture sector, as i am a very passionate supporter of the creative industries. it is my belief that creativity is very powerful. both in a commercial sense to drive business outcomes, but also to deliver great societal benefit too with its potential to inform, educate and transform. approach i believe great marketing should not only deliver commercial impact but should delight & surprise audiences. i have learnt to combine the left-brain science of digital technologies with the right-brain art of creativity to create unique marketing solutions. my approach is to always test & learn, adopt new technologies, and break new ground with fresh thinking. award-winning - top 100 marketers (marketing week 2019) - power 100 (campaign magazine 2018 & 2017) - vision 100 (marketing week 2016) - hot 100 digital marketers (british interactive media association 2015) - awarded marketer of the year (2011) non-executive roles i also hold the following non-executive board roles in the arts & culture sector, - punchdrunk board trustee - booktrust board trustee podcast host & producer of makers of the universe, the creativity podcast (top 50 podcast) listen here http //makersoftheuniverse.buzzsprout.com get in touch email me at pdavies microsoft.com follow me on twitter paul_davies skills leadership - consumer marketing - b2c - advertising - digital marketing - omnichannel - atl & btl - creative development - media - strategic planning - campaign management - communications - talent development - arts & culture - brand development - social media - storytelling - agency management - consumer insight - podcasting
a board level, award-winning marketing leader with vast experience in high-growth saas and it services businesses. experience of managing large, disparate, multi-discipline teams, 8-figure marketing budgets and working within global, matrixed organisations as well as high-growth start-ups. demonstrable success of dramatically increasing demand generation and revenue across almost all vertical markets for pe backed, privately owned and publicly listed businesses. specialties lead/demand generation, account based marketing, online advertising, channel/partner marketing, programatic, web design, web development, seo, ppc, analytics, e-marketing, direct mail, marketing automation, event management, corporate hospitality, brand management, brand development, analyst relations, investor relations, team leadership/mentoring, budget/p&l management technical skills graphic design, crm management, salesforce.com, microsoft dynamics, hubspot, marketo, eloqua, oracle marketing cloud, wordpress, photoshop, indesign, illustrator. to view my online profile/cv, please visit http //garethcase.com
globally-minded, customer-focused, and results-driven executive in banking, cross-border payments and financial services / fintech. start-up mentor and member of two boards. my track record is in creating customer, product, and marketing strategies that accelerate growth. over the years, i have worked for several world-class iconic, purpose-led brands. i have enjoyed transforming them in the face of digital disruption, and building world-class strategy, product, marketing and brand teams that have made a tangible difference to their results. more recently, i have been working with start-ups and scale-ups, supporting and accelerating their growth. i am passionate about customers, brand and growth. specialties functional customer / growth strategy new product development product management p&l management digital and social media marketing brand management crm and loyalty business strategy strategic partnerships business model optimization industry banking / fintech wealth management cx-tech cross border money movements (consumer remittances, business payments) cards (consumer and corporate credit cards, prepaid cards) cross-border health insurance
business leader with extensive global marketing, operational and commercial expertise have held key leadership positions with both full service advertising agencies, creative production agencies and client organizations. category experience packaged goods, technology, financial services, automotive, luxury & sport, food & beverages, dtc/otc pharmaceuticals.
i'm professionally obsessed with all things cloud and digital. in short, i'm a strategic marketing leader with 10+ years' experience in tech growing businesses from the ground up. as a marketing professional who weighted to the digital side, i have an in-depth knowledge of digital transformation, cloud computing, growth hacking, content publishing, inbound lead generation, sales strategy, marketing automation and innovative business models. having been in those high performing teams over the last few years, i now build those teams and know how to hire a players. experienced with a range of specialist technology companies, primarily in the software and cloud computing space. my particular startup sweet spots are rapid prototyping, early stage product development, demand generation, go-to-market strategy and fundraising. my particular corporate sweet spot is in coaching lean startup and business model design skills to accelerate innovation programmes in-house, as well as co-invented the market & technology readiness framework recognised by the european commission for its value in r&d and innovation. my mission is to apply what i learn to creating healthy digital marketplaces and have some fun along the way. i've successfully raised investment for a company i co-founded, grew my own digital agency to profitability in 8 months and have been involved in the launch and investment rounds of several high profile startups over the last couple of years. looking for free go-to-market, fund raising or product development advice ask me on twitter ( fksullivan). if you want the juicy stuff, send me a message. looking for a common interest outside of work to connect over try sailing, jazz, travel, european political quirks or trends that make you think.
i am persuading to develop your career in the construction industry and result in a higher salary, easier employment, a more senior position and other benefits. consequently your investment of money, time and effort in successfully achieving chartered membership/ recognised qualification is a sound investment in your career. the college of contract management offers recognised qualifications and helps learners acquire a set of skills accredited by the chartered institution of civil engineering surveyors (ices), the chartered management institute (cmi), chartered institute of building (ciob), chartered institute of arbitrators (ciarb) and the quantity surveyor international (qsi). the following programmes are highlighted advanced diploma in professional practice in contract management professional diploma in commercial management certificate in commercial management certificate in claims preparation and dispute management certificate in site contract management and change management ciob chartered membership programme ciob level 4 certificate and diploma in site management ciob level 3 diploma in site supervisory rics apc coaching service
having amassed over 20 years in marketing, within the professional services and recruitment industries, i have worked for global saas and tech businesses, multi-brand recruitment agencies and job advertising and media organisations. i'm now delighted to be a defender of happiness at ph.creative! in 2017, i founded am-bush, a marketing consultancy for hr and recruitment tech businesses providing branding, communications, demand generation, content and events strategies, marketing support and mentoring. my passion is marketing. i'm at my best knee-deep in ambitious organisations, with talent and creativity in abundance. i love to tell stories and design omnichannel marketing strategies that fly across a multitude of channels to deliver businesses, their brands and their people into the hearts and minds of their target audiences. throughout my career i have delivered marketing programs that contribute commercially and culturally, to drive revenue and to enhance employee engagement. in addition, my highlights include leading international and cross functional teams to launch products, directing online and in-person events to drive brand awareness, creating demand generation strategies from persona identification to sale enablement designing multi and omnichannel marketing programs for products and services orchestrating content strategies for social acquisition to lead generation, from collateral to website content tell me where you want to go, and i will design, deliver and delight in creating the perfect marketing program for you!
commercially-driven, vp marketing & media leader helping growth teams build world-class media, technology, and content practices. most recently associate head of marketing for europe at oneplus, a niche smartphone brand. i bring over fifteen years executive leadership at agencies (wpp, m&c saatchi, publicis), high-growth brands (huawei technologies) and media owners (msn, news international). regular panelist and speaker, i thrive on delivering great results, developing business, and raising capabilities. i was awarded an executive mba with merit from cass business school and hold a bcom with dual majors in computer science and economics. active participant of the executive leadership programme at said business school, oxford (2020), fellow of the royal society of arts, manufacturers and commerce, and advocate for tech london advocates. i was honoured to receive the tallow chandlers prize for digital transformation in media (2014) and am the youngest recipient of the nmmu alumni achiever award (2015). in 2016 i completed part-time diploma studies examining the digital organisation at hult international business school. mentor at central st. martins. british citizen with extensive experience working in the u.k. and across europe, the u.s.a. and asia. specialties digital marketing ecommerce branded content media planning & trading business development leadership business strategy agency management client services start-ups media performance management multi-channel marketing brand management
i am a recruitment professional who has worked across the marketing and business development space, at first for a leading search firm before joining 3search as their first hire back in 2015. since then we have become one of london's leading recruitment agencies and i now lead a great team helping some of the uk's best businesses hire top talent. i currently manage and lead a team that recruits across the marketing and business development space for b2b businesses, both here in the uk as well as wider afield. as a team of 6, we have particular expertise across professional services marketing & business development (property, accountancy, legal, consultancy) technology marketing - startups, saas construction/fm/build/services marketing work winning bid management, pitches, proposals, rfps design graphics, product, motion, video, artworks https //www.3search.co.uk/ whether you re a start-up firm looking to build a new marketing or bd team or an established business looking to add to your team, we are keen to help so please do get in touch to talk through your requirements. i can always be contacted on david 3search.co.uk tel 0203 816 0878 *we re one of europe s most socially engaged recruitment consultancies according to linkedin* 3search is an innovative recruitment consultancy built for the digital age, working with a range of clients from ftse 100 businesses through to ambitious startups. with a blend of job type specialist and sector specialist recruitment consultants, our matrix recruitment model has allowed us to help place candidates with a huge number of satisfied clients in the past 3 years since launching 3search. established by a team of industry focused and a customer-centric marketing, digital, bid and tech recruiters, we put integrity at the heart of everything we do, bringing top-tier candidates and clients together to build growing teams. whether you re a start-up firm looking to build a new marketing, digital or tech team or an established business looking to add to your team, we are keen to help so please do get in touch to talk through your requirements. headquartered in central london, 3search places candidates across the united kingdom. learn more at 3search.co.uk or kick-start a conversation by emailing sayhello 3search.co.uk.
i am a speaker, author & trainer with 15+ years' experience in helping businesses & brands scale & grow using digital marketing & social media channels. i'm passionate about helping client s use online marketing as a revenue generator & to get more leads & profit by turning online audiences & connections into clients. at 21, in 2000 i started my agency then launched business consort academy in 2005 - trained & certified 27k professionals (5k a year, globally) through our cim accredited study centre. i specialise in lead generation & conversion through online marketing & social channels linkedin, facebook, twitter, youtube, instagram i train businesses & teams how to increase brand awareness, online presence & influence as industry experts by reaching, attracting, growing & engaging online audiences. i developed proven online marketing strategies to build strong, trustworthy brands online - 8 x powerful ways to market your business online 1. seo - #1 on google + dominate search results 2. social media - establish brands & businesses as influencers 3. social selling turn connections into customers 4. online advertising killer adverts that convert 5. digital strategy - campaigns & channels 6. analytics & performance measure & improve roi 7. email marketing & automation - gdpr, list building + lead nurturing 8. content & video marketing creating viral content business consort digital & social media academy (cim accredited) digital marketing & social media courses online, london, manchester, in-house worldwide! get clients from linkedin 6-week accelerator programme cim digital diploma in professional marketing - 99% pass rate coaching & mentoring - digitalandsocialmediaacademy.com dawn mcgruer - speaker, author, strategist speaking + keynotes / writing / press commentary dynamic digital marketing book (published by wiley) - dawnmcgruer.com & 7 x increase to roi in 30 days using my 3p s strategy presence, positioning & proposition leads, sales & profit my social media strategy magic 10 guarantees to double audience sizes & engagement ranked top 1% on linkedin + judge & panel expert featured in forbes + best-seller book published by wiley awarded lifetime fellowships by cim & rsa 5 million subscribers & awarded best female speaker my mission is to bridge the digital skills gap through developing skills - contact me to find out more about how we can work together!
an accomplished results-oriented global marketing leader with experience leading growth, transformation and turnaround opportunities with a proven approach of achieving results through people by building high performance teams & collaborating across organisations at brands ranging from start-ups to global enterprises. proven experience across all marketing disciplines including digital marketing, demand generation, social media & marketing, marketing tech, product management, product marketing, channel marketing, public relations, analyst relations and strategic marketing management. recently i have focused on digital and social marketing of saas solutions. this has included building digital marketing teams spanning organic content, community building and digital advertising. i have extensive international experience, having held uk, european, us domestic and worldwide roles. my leading philosophy is solving problems through the eyes of the customer & empowering people to fulfil their potential. a highlight of my career was the growth & ipo of omniture in 2009 when we brought the whole team with us and we had the fun, pleasure and satisfaction of building, growing, and leading a team to such a positive outcome. great days, wonderful memories. in early 2015 i joined sage, the uk's largest software company, to conceive, justify, develop and implement their first digital marketing strategy which has now been delivered globally across web, e-commerce, media, campaigns, social and content. i'm now engaged on leading marketing for britain's best fintech, gocardless who are building a global platform for recurring payments to power the subscription economy. follow me at neil_morgan or message me here on linkedin.
i'm a digital storyteller and i'm obsessed with helping small start-ups to global brands deliver. - i'd love to connect to help you recognise the power of your brand. - my specialities include influencer marketing, strategy, storytelling, emea & bame expertise as well as content creation. - we've helped some of the world's leading organisations, such as f&f fashion, anchor butter, the un, co-op and many others attain an increase their market share of the muslim economy, soon to be worth over 3 trillion dollars. but we also want to empower the influencers of today to better the society of tomorrow. and that's not just a pretty mission statement we plaster on our walls - it's something we're already doing. by connecting our influencers with leading ngo's, charities and simply raising awareness of stories of those less fortunate, we've helped raise over 6.4 million pounds for those in need around the world. we're also helping influencers who suffer from severe mental illnesses, such as anxiety, depression and even suicidal thoughts, overcome their troubles too. check out m.i.n at www.wearemin.co. if you would like for me to help your organisation develop new revenue opportunities and increase its market share, give me a call on 07756705869 or email me at saif wearemin.co
international cmo & commercial director with proven results in driving business transformation and multi-million revenue growth in sport, gaming, charity and advertising. former international head of marketing at manchester united managing partnerships in europe, usa, asia, middle east, india and africa. more recently commercial director assignments with p&l responsibility at bbc children in need & british cycling directly negotiating multiple commercial contracts worth over 25m. extensive experience in b2b partnerships and revenue growth. strong b2c experience in digital marketing (seo, search, display, re-targeting, email, social), tv advertising, brand identity, events, programme creation.
bilingual influencer marketing, brand advocacy, word of mouth & content marketing strategist, speaker & consultant. started building brand advocacy & influencer marketing campaigns in 2013, before the madness started. featured in pr week, the daily beast, the huffington post, the telegraph, brandwatch, eventbrite, and marketingfacts.nl speaker at days of communication 2017 in croatia speaker at brand festival in budapest speaker at in.dm in warsaw speaker at the festival of marketing in london panelist at the influencer marketing hub conference in london influencer marketing debate panelist at the pr360 conference in london. influencer marketing panel chair at the social day conference in london. panelist at shoreditch house for an influencer marketing launch event. 7 years of strategic & campaign-led influencer marketing experience. 7 years of offline & online word of mouth & brand advocacy experience. 2 years of strategic consulting experience. i firmly believe influencer marketing should go beyond only content creation and no successful influencer marketing strategy can live off of a smash & grab 'pay for content' approach. education on the topic is vital, for brands, marketers and content creators. always up for a chat about influencer marketing - get in touch via email philip influencermarketingacademy.co.uk i've successfully devised and implemented influencer marketing strategies for leading companies such as dyson, panasonic, and mazda during my 7 years within the industry. in addition, i've led data-driven influencer marketing services projects for companies including l'oreal, samsung, p&g, unilever and henkel.
i have the coolest job in the world data nerd | stem ambassador | feminist 
we're award winning, and one of the fastest growing agencies in the midlands.
working with ambitious entrepreneurs to bring new businesses, brands and products to the market and refresh existing ones to create significant new value. i'm a c-level brand, marketing, commercial and sponsorship professional that's sat on both sides of the table - client and agency. i've created, built and managed leading brand, marketing, digital and sponsorship agencies of significant scale with global reach. i've created and led successful brand, marketing, creative, digital and sponsorship teams that have been responsible for developing market leading, national and international brands, brand experiences and campaigns. specialties brand planning and development, proposition development, commericalisation, new business prospecting, design, advertising, data and analytics based digital engagement and sponsorship.
currently leading the commercial operations of premier league football club, afc bournemouth, having spent that past 16 years in commercial football. i am responsible for developing and implementing a commercial strategy across the club, maximising revenue through the sale of commercial inventory in retail, hospitality, sponsorship, advertising and events. i am also an active member of the business community both locally and nationally having taken on roles including junior vice president, senior vice president and president of dorset chamber of commerce & industry in which i supported and promoted our thriving business community in the area. specialising in commercial strategy sponsorship account management partner activation corporate hospitality event management sports marketing retail & merchandising sales & advertising
i grow saas start-ups. b2b marketing leader, with 15+ years of experience in building and managing data-driven marketing teams. expert in positioning and lead generation. strategist and brand builder. mba business school graduate. speaker. founder of the marketing crowd. a private marketing community for world-class marketers. 500+ global members. accelerate your marketing career here https //lnkd.in/evbcp8n
sports professional responsible for partnerships, recruitment and marketing within a rowing team. as a coach of the internationally acclaimed oxford brookes rowing program, i have a competitive spirit driven by goal-orientation, including working collaboratively to lead a team to six henley royal regatta wins. additionally, i have displayed my lead generation capabilities by fronting the international athlete recruitment for the programme. in the last year, i have further expanded my role by engineering a partnership between city of oxford college the chinese national rowing team.
global ecommerce & digital expert - extensive experience of working with vc and pe companies to help review and accelerate ecommerce, digital and tech businesses. recent articles https //www.ceotodaymagazine.com/2019/06/whats-the-key-to-a-high-performance-ecommerce-strategy/ https //www.itproportal.com/features/harnessing-emerging-technology-to-drive-ecommerce-success/ https //internetretailing.net/guest-comment/guest-comment-key-stumbling-blocks-to-unlocking-high-performance-ecommerce-and-how-to-overcome-them founding partner of 5xthinking ecommerce & digital consultancy now merged with skywire london. 15+ years experience both agency and client-side working with start-ups's and luxury brands. formally global director of ecommerce and digital at pacific global management, la perla and head of ecommerce at agent provocateur. specialties ecommerce, trading, media marketing, acquisition, digital marketing, ppc, display, seo, affiliate, brand, loyalty, partnerships, everything. additional experience in building partnerships across major media companies virgin media, indie, news int, msn, yahoo! etc
telecom reverse logistics, after market & technical network services
xenia is the ceo and co-founder of planable, a content review and marketing collaboration platform used by over 4,000 teams at brands like jaguar land rover, viber, and world food program. prior to launching planable, at 20 y.o. she built a digital marketing agency and led social for clients such as coca-cola. xenia has been recognized on the forbes 30 under 30 list and she spoke on the innovation stage at cannes lions in 2018. xenia graduated tim draper's startup academy in silicon valley and took planable through the techstars london accelerator in 2017.
experienced marketing director with a demonstrated history of working in the food & beverages industry. skilled in event planning, microsoft excel, microsoft word, sales, and event management. strong entrepreneurship professional graduated from city & guilds college of art.
pynk is building a decentralised platform that benefits everyone, allowing contributors to grow their wealth, financial understanding and confidence. we strive for equality in a globalised world and are using technology to shape a fairer future for all. whether you re an investment professional, an absolute novice, or simply passionate about building a better future pynk is the place for you. we are big thinkers with big dreams. join our movement.
hi! thanks for visiting my profile. my name's russ. i m a specialist marketing and business growth consultant for responsible brands. i m also a serial eco entrepreneur, owning several of my own small sustainability-focused businesses. another passion of mine is growing communities, which is why i set up and run linkedin local farnham and why i love connecting good people with others. i m hell bent on helping people and businesses who put purpose and planet above profit. i have an extensive track record of doing exactly this, after working in marketing within the sustainability sector for over a decade. i do whatever i can to help others work towards achieving the un sustainable development goals and tackle the climate crisis - unquestionably the biggest challenge humanity has ever faced. to date, i've worked with 12 corporate sustainability consultancies. i have helped to put them on the map, to sell their planet-positive services more effectively, ultimately helping them to scale. i have a demonstrable track record of working with several consultancies which have more than doubled in size (both in number of employees and revenue) during my engagement with them. more about the companies and brands i m involved with russ avery consulting ltd - specialist marketing and business growth consultancy for responsible brands. based in farnham and london. elodie gmbh - a new hybrid sustainability and creative communications consultancy, tackling the climate crisis head on. based in berlin and london. avery & brown - a digital marketing and creative agency, which i co-founded with my friend tim brown. based in farnham and london. renewabilitee - a sustainable and ethical fashion label. we are currently donating 100% of all profits on sales of one of our ranges to the nhs charities covd-19 urgent appeal. based in farnham, shipping worldwide. linkedin local farnham - a monthly informal networking event in farnham. meet the people behind the profiles over drinks in a warm and welcoming environment. the space coworking farnham - a new sustainable coworking space in the heart of farnham. rent a desk by the day and meet other local freelancers and entrepreneurs. **if you'd like to send me a connection request and you want me to accept it quickly, then please remember to attach a personal note to it telling me why you'd like to connect. if you do, i'm far more likely to see your request and accept it, as it will stand out from the hundreds i receive each week from people who don t include a personal message.**
digital media team, one of the uk's leading social media marketing agencies with proven success in generating high end roi, providing business's with a full social media experience, specialising in ecommerce social media management we have a team of content writers, designers, multi platform specialists and paid social campaign mangers not forgetting ecommerce shopify experts and general marketing guru's. paid social media advertising within ecommerce generates huge roi, we have a rich history of managing brand awarness, business marketing, boosting sales and building a bespoke audience of people who have a genuine interest in your business, all of this on the biggest marketing platforms in the world! paid social advertising, ppc and digital marketing in general is key for any business, even more so via all social media platforms however this is a skilled practice, we see far too often clients coming to us only after they have spent a fortune with very little or no return, as a marketing agency we thrive on working with business's and building bespoke full funnel strategies, designed to maximise results as cost effectively as possible. what we offer social media management paid social media advertising / marketing campaigns ppc marketing campaigns facebook social media content management facebook social media audience growth instagram social management instagram shopping twitter social management linkedin social management marketing management brand marketing full funnel social media marketing and advertising campaigns
every brand has a story to tell. a story that informs, engages and delights. stories that help connect them with their prospects and customers in a way that is impactful and memorable. i like to combine experience, passion and creativity with insights and technology to help brands tell better stories. stories that enable brands to stand out in a crowded marketplace. my core focusses of interest currently include growth marketing, artificial intelligence, content marketing and social media. i've helped dozens of businesses with their branding, marketing and digital strategy over the years and i've also helped build, nurture and lead teams to success. when i'm not working on a marketing campaign or developing content, i catch up on my two other passions (apart from my family). i keep up with pro-wrestling. i am a huge wwe fan and a pro-wrestling enthusiast in general. i also love watches and as a self-professed watch nerd, i love collecting all kinds of watches from modern chronographs to divers and vintage timepieces. if you're committed to more customers, better-qualified leads and higher revenue.....or if you want to chat about marketing, growth strategy, content development (or watches), dm me on linkedin.
i love marketing recruitment and i think it should be done properly... which is why i started rosslyn david - the marketing headhunters.
experienced business leader, entrepreneur, brand specialist, keynote speaker and author. a curious, change- accelerator and connector (ideas and people). i love helping organisations go faster, and supporting leaders who want to grow faster. my book on leadership in a fast-paced world 'superfast lead at speed' published by john murray press in the uk and us was shortlisted in the business book awards & reached no.1 on amazon business book bestsellers in change management. (you can buy superfast in hardback, paperback and audio here https //tinyurl.com/ya5xeq9b and see more about it and me here https //superfastthebook.com). i've worked inside and with a number of global organisations, as a client and as an advisor. i started my career in brand management with procter & gamble and coca-cola & worked consultancy/agency side with interbrand, leo burnett and the caffeine partnership as well as founding, growing and selling my own e-commerce business. i believe that marketing and business can play a positive role in the world, society and people's lives, particularly when they're accompanied by brave, brilliant leadership. i've seen that the smartest leaders in business understand that building connections and sharing stories and ideas with peers can be energising and a powerful accelerator to success. so that's why i m completely delighted to have been asked to be the global ceo of the marketing society, the prestigious, progressive global community of senior marketers, whose purpose is to empower brave leadership. it's a real honour to be part of this great organisation, with such a powerful history and is today an incredible community of smart members across the world. i'd love to connect on linkedin but it would be great if you could send a message with any invitation letting me know why you'd like to be in touch. or come find me on twitter s_devonshire or instagram sophie_superfast. avanti...
arron is a serial investor and entrepreneur with years of experience in the digital marketing industry. at 23, arron moved to dubai and became global director of business development at the first group, where the company increased emea revenues from $25m to $350m in just 3 years. by 2012 arron co-founded sportlobster he built a team of over 60 staff, on-boarded over 2 million users and completed successful partnerships with cristiano ronaldo, the nba, crystal palace, sky and many other major sports brands. having raised 17.5m at sportlobster, arron exited the company early 2015 to join forces with former sportlobster colleagues nick cooke and harry hugo to establish goat. now goat are a leading influencer marketing agency with offices in london, new york and singapore working with everyone from start-up companies to global brands such as uefa, lidl, malibu and nivea. arron s industry experience has not only given him insight into what is required to deliver fast growth, but with his experience as an investor, (vc funded) founder and agency director he is uniquely positioned to offer insight on all aspects of entrepreneurship and influencer marketing. goat has been named the fastest growing agency in europe by adweek and the 4th fastest growing agency in the world.
 at 25 years old i am a serial entrepreneur and co-founder of goat specialising in social media and influencer campaigns globally with over 120 staff in 4 international offices. at 16 i realised the academic path was not for me i needed a more direct and creative path to success, although the media industry had another idea and rejected me for being too young. so i went away and set up fresh press, a football publishing house which grew, by the time i was 18, to over 60 websites and a bigger digital writing team than the daily mail. it s safe to say i wanted a challenge and so i took on my next role as the fifth employee at sportlobster, putting my faith in the sports app startup as their social media manager leading a team of three. quickly advancing to head of social it s here that i met my goat co-founders arron shepherd and nick cooke. we left sportlobster after three years and established goat in august 2015. in the 5 years since, we have worked on seven figure global influencer deals, operating across international offices and have over 100 goat team members. with clients including lidl, dell, malibu and more, we re driving real results in the influencer space 
marketing leader with a breadth of experience from working and studying in the uk, ireland, hong kong and canada.
an innovative entertainment and culture marketing director, who has worked with some of the entertainment industry's best known brands, with a passion for digital and emerging technologies. a mix of creative and analytical, with a passion for producing results that people talk about.
experienced in taking businesses to the digital world, and expanding the digital profiles of the existing.
skills b2b marketing full marketing mix strategic, go to market, customer centricity, branding, digital, communication, events, advertising, lead management, analytics and operational. global and international experience (uk, europe, north america, asia) excellent communication and strong interpersonal networking skills. confident and persuasive presenter, including at board level. accountable and result driven, focused on achieving goals on time and within budget. technically trained and capable of analysing and promoting products, processes and technologies. experience with many international stakeholders, various go to market channels and complex global supply chains. #cloud #cloudhealth #vmware #cloudmanagement #digitaltransformation #cybersecurity #digitalresilience #iot #5g #defence #security #marketing #communications #qinetiq #london
naomi leads bumble s operations across the uk & ireland, overseeing the brand s strategy and campaigns. she combines commercial acumen with creativity to forward bumble s mission to help women make the first move in love, life and business. naomi s career has been driven by supporting and empowering women. she is the founder of the power of quitting a panel series that explores how professional women pivot to embrace change and find purpose. she is currently a board member for ok mentor, a programme that supports female graduates into creative industries. in 2018, naomi was named one of the 100 faces of a vibrant economy an award that celebrates progressive leaders who inspire by example. previous to bumble, naomi worked in public relations and consulted on marketing for global brands and agencies including google, uber, ogilvy, natwest and pernod ricard.
an experienced content marketer with a background in journalism, pr and digital marketing. having spent several years working as a freelance video journalist, i embarked on a career in marketing and am now passionate about all-things content - particularly, pr, thought-leadership, ghost-writing and event management. i currently lead marketing for xyz reality, the uk start-up behind holosite - the world's first engineering grade augmented reality headset, and the world's most accurate. already named 3rd hottest construction-technology start-up and winners of the innovate uk grant 2018, 2019 and 2020, xyz reality is on its way to revolutionising the industry with its vision of building from holograms.
jordan is a keynote speaker, author & digital marketing authority from the uk. social links https //www.youtube.com/jordanplatten https //www.instagram.com/jordanplatten https //www.facebook.com/jordanplattenuk
have you ever looked at your marketing reports and felt overwhelmed by the sheer volume of data in there or perhaps it's not telling you enough have you ever wondered whether the data is genuine are you and others unable to make budget decisions from the reports if yes, your reporting isn't where it should be. have you lost confidence in your current agency are campaigns performing poorly do you think your current agency fees are unreasonably high if yes, your agency isn't providing the value it should be. do you think your agency cares and is passionate about your brand when was the last time you heard from them how regularly do you communicate, and how do they actively suggest ideas unprompted if no, your agency isn't providing the level of service it should be. are you struggling to consistently prove the value of your marketing to others in the business are you wanting to scale but can't push past a specific point if yes, get in touch. typical outcomes when working with us - more attention - more visibility - more leads and enquiries - more sales - more revenue if this resonates, send me a message
i am a board level marketing director with a proven track record of developing successful brand growth strategies. with 20 years marketing and commercial experience spanning fmcg, retail, agency and start-ups, i am able to balance strategy, creativity and commercial acumen. a passionate brand advocate and customer champion, i have experience leading large teams and inspiring them to want to win. visionary broad thinker who spots the opportunity others don t and thinks long-term strategic turns complex insight into clear vision and creates strategies that people get behind creative ability to generate powerful ideas that move people emotionally commercial understands that success ultimately means sales leadership inspiring leads from the front with energy & drive relationships understands people and knows how to connect with individuals and groups action makes things happen and always delivers on promises and so far in my career i'm most proud of being named one of the uk s top 100 innovators by the sunday times within months of founding my own start-up initiated and led the creation of carlsberg s danish way strategic platform which was adopted globally and credited with rejuvenating the brand restructured and redefined boardman bikes for halfords, turning the business profitable after three years of losses
20 years working directly for global software vendors. experience working within a global environment with a background in cyber security software, risk management software and enterprise resource planning software. currently supporting the ceo in defining and executing the operating strategy. the ability to lead, influence and work across organisational boundaries and a broad range of peers and executives. a strong balance of strategic and tactical marketing skills, with a high level of intellectual agility and capacity for original thought. educated to postgraduate (masters level) with a strong understanding of the technology marketplace. passion, enthusiasm and a proven track record in driving results. telephone +44 (0) 7894608435 awards 2015 - awarded linkedin s top 10 most engaged marketer for 2015. 1994 - voted most enterprising undergraduate by the department of trade and industry for a commercial project undertaken for hills plc, as part of the shell technology enterprise program. the project required a strategic analysis and subsequent recommendations for supply chain cost reductions within materials purchasing.
with extensive experience in leadership roles in both large corporates and saas, florence is a results-driven business development and marketing executive with a passion for enabling customers to find tangible business outcomes in data. renowned for her bias for action and challenger mentality, she has a proven track record in leading talented teams to generate demand and close business in both telecommunications and enterprise software. passionate about positioning the value of technology for specific industries and use cases, she has a unique drive to succeed against aggressive timelines with limited resources and unquestionable optimism. having led teams in europe, us and latin america, she is an authentic and internationally-minded leader with exceptional communication skills and a contagious energy and urgency which rubs off on her organization. by coaching and mentoring talent inside and outside her company, she empowers her colleagues to think in a non-linear way and learn constantly - always striving to find a better way. key achievements - selected as a 2018 scholar on the prestigious marketing academy programme as one of the top 30 young marketers in the uk. - promoted to carto s executive committee (reporting to the ceo) after only 1 year in the organization, leading a cross-functional team to spearhead growth for a new product range, as well as defining and executing the company s data strategy. - fast-tracked by senior leadership to launch telef nica s new global big data brand only 9 months after completing their global leaders graduate programme. - delivered a keynote speech as a one young world ambassador at the 2016 summit in ottawa (video below) - speaking alongside the president of verizon wireless.
 5 years experience helping creators and business engage their audiences in new and innovative ways. business enquiries harry iampop.com personal / consultancy harry.c.willis gmail.com
steve clarke's unrivalled marketing knowledge of the fleet & fuel card business has been developed over the past 12 years as marketing manager at fuel card services and his in-depth experience is now being utilised at his role with oilfast. he is responsible for the marketing of fleet offerings under the fleetmaxx solutions brand, including fuelcards, fleetvision -vehicle cameras, fleetloc8 vehicle tracking, business insurance. each of these has its own identity and customer advantages, which steve will be tasked with promoting, to different market sectors. joining fleetmaxx solutions in 2020, steve s goal is to be part of a business that truly adds value to its customers, delivers customer promises against a clear set of values and is proud to be part of a team that appreciates and motivates its employees. steve has sharply focused vision for building and creating a successful marketing function 'it is not rocket science,' he says. 'it s my role to find out what customers want, then introduce them to an unbeatable choice of products and solutions, providing impartial advice and personal service from named account managers and more. everyone at fleetmaxx solutions works very hard to deliver exactly what each customer needs from their fleet & fuel management supplier, great service, real savings and the security of working with a trusted partner.' steve s previous role at fuel card services, [2008-2019], was to build an outstanding, profitable fuel card provider, starting from scratch. setting out with just an office, a computer and a telephone - and years of fuel card experience, backed by excellent relationships with all of the major fuel companies, he launched the fuelcard people. this much loved brand, now has many years under its belt as one of the best known names in the fuel card sector. uninterrupted growth soon meant a complete relocation into larger offices, then expansion into additional premises. from a standing start, steve has built a dedicated, expert team of 25 fuel card professionals, helping tens of thousands of customers with dedicated personal service. having met his original objectives and with a change in businesses priorities and ethos at fcs, steve decided to put his experience and talents to work for oilfast.
i'm marketing director at ics-digital - an implausibly good seo, content marketing, translations and digital marketing organisation. with global talent working across 71 languages and 80 territories, the ics team can bring an *enormous* amount of firepower to help you build an international, personal and effective digital strategy. to share ideas about any of those things (or beard maintenance), drop me a line here or via martin.calvert ics-digital.com - i'm nothing if not approachable ) i enjoy speaking at interesting global events and writing for publications across a variety of industries, from specific ecommerce, gaming and travel niches, to more general titles like search engine watch and econsultancy so feel free to get in touch about that kind of thing too.
a confident, enthusiastic individual who has the initiative and drive to succeed in all situations, a team player with excellent communication skills, sociable and eager to further develop. digitally savvy with certifications for both google adwords and bing ads, an experienced email marketer with confidence in html and adobe suite applications. responsibilities and achievements have included record numbers of delegates to international events targeting the technology sector, managing and executing multiple event-based marketing strategies and campaigns monitoring efficiency, budget and tracking roi whilst working closely with the ceo.
i've worked in marketing for 16 years. within idhl i work closely with the directors and heads of service to identify new business opportunities. generating quality leads, following these up and consistently obtaining a high conversion rates. alongside this, i work on my own ecommerce and amazon store promoting other products & services where appropriate and generating referral leads. having an in-depth understanding of different markets and competitors in the area to maintain a competitive advantage has really helped working alongside directors in managing the translation of the business strategy into clear plans. proactively researching markets, competitors within different regions and establishing ways to develop a competitive advantage through local networking. highest qualification is a master of arts (m.a.) focused in modern history from university of york.
marketing leader (vp/cmo) in digital, technology and marketing solutions. blogger and speaker on innovation in marketing and digital experiences. led global and european marketing teams, based out of london. excited by tech-led businesses that have the vision & ambition to either disrupt an industry, do things better or define a new category. recognised through several awards brand republic top 50 klout uk influencer, top 10 uk most engaged marketer on linkedin, toprank uk top online marketing influencer, b2b marketing magazine marketer of the year. committed to raising digital marketing competence and skills of the uk's marketing community have served on the exec council of the business marketing collective, the idm business-to-business marketing council and been a mentor on the dma mentoring programme. also a judge on the drum content awards, the b2b marketing awards and dma awards. connect on twitter jwatton specialties marketing strategy | market analysis & segmentation | proposition development | field marketing | channel enablement | team leadership | digital marketing strategy | marketing automation | abm | partner marketing
resilient, proven and adaptable financial services marketing and communications senior professional, equipped with an outstanding track record of delivering best-in-class results. builds highly effective networks across all internal and external stakeholder groups. consummate manager of time and resources across multiple areas of accountability and inspiring leader of teams. delivers measurable and distinctive contributions to growth.
 what is my remit part of the delta management team. i manage delta's sales leadership, marketing operations, business development, bid management, including consultancy services and channel partnerships. what does delta do the delta group is committed to service excellence instore, outdoor and online. we are dedicated, knowledgeable and client focused people who aspire to make a difference every day. we value the long-term partnerships we have with our clients and work collaboratively to lead effective change and empower your strategic goals. our clients operate in an increasingly complex world and must constantly evolve to meet the dynamic needs of retailers, e-tailers and consumers. our services comprised of three units creative, display and technology are designed to reduce the complexity of international marketing campaigns across multiple markets and languages whilst maintaining consistency, increasing localisation and responsiveness. creative - our creativity empowers your imagination we never stand still and are relentless in exploring new and imaginative ways to make anything possible. our practical insight and measurement allow us to create powerful visual communications that deliver impact and improve sales. display - our unique direct manufacturing capabilities facilitates a dynamic end-to-end service that reduces links in the supply chain and empowers brands to react quickly to changes in market conditions. technology - our proprietary technology workstreamx has been designed, built and managed by our in-house team of martech experts. it provides our clients with full control of their print and digital requirements from management through to store level and offers excellent flexibility across multiple platforms from desktop, tablets to mobile devices. for further details about the delta group please visit our website at www.thedeltagroup.co.uk contact me at dean.smith thedeltagroup.co.uk or +44(0)7957 633 652
passionate about discovering & developing deposits in minerals of strategically short supply. monetising valuation uplifts! providing gold star service to clients. mob +447725960939 email mb buffaloassociates.com 
a senior tech-savvy integrated marketing manager and an education enthusiast who has 13 years of diverse experience of how brand campaigns interacts with performance marketing and commercial success. driving growth by developing and executing multiple touchpoint campaigns for customers that reinforce brand image and deliver business objectives. graduate student (part-time) for strategy & innovation at said business school, university of oxford (#1 ranking in the world) / communication team leader of the biggest marketing campaign of turkey (4g launch in 2016) / developed more than 60 holistic brand & digital communication campaigns for 3 different markets, 4 different sectors, 4 different product categories. specialties team management, partner marketing, ott marketing, product development, profit & loss, business strategy and management, brand management, atl & btl campaign development, digital marketing, consumer & customer insights understanding, creative agency management, international account management, customer development, innovation management, digital transformation
i'm passionate about the power of technology to drive transformational business outcomes. track record of designing and delivering strategic transformation programmes, with a focus on sales, marketing, communications and digital agendas. cmo, board director, and member of the management committee at pa, an innovation and transformation consultancy, with high energy, future focus, impact and strong values. i enjoy mobilising and engaging large teams, work across global matrix organisations and ecosystems, and make change happen. expert in the design and leadership of sophisticated integrated influencing strategies, improving experience and engagement with customers, media, influencers and employees.
hello i m giuseppe caltabiano! i am a highly-talented, results-orientated global marketer with 20+ years' success spearheading instrumental b2b & b2c operations, specialising in saas, it, software, financial services, industrial automation, and energy. as a renowned speaker, i was voted as one of the most influential b2b marketers by companies market recruitment in 2019, onalytica in 2018 and traackr in 2016 and i have achieved an essential place among the 2017 top 25 masters of multichannel marketing. furthermore, i am an innovative creative strategist with a passion for advising top global brands across the financial, technology, industrial, and consumer sectors to produce world-class content and digital marketing strategies, including schneider electric, vodafone, generali, virgin media, capgemini, credit suisse, discover capital, google, aegon, motability, barclays, grant thornton, and many more. my excellent interpersonal skills mean that i am adept at developing key communication channels and building consensus across all levels of business. as a goal-orientated team leader, i am skilled at motivating and training multi-faceted teams to accomplish marketing and branding objectives. furthermore, i am a powerful motivator who has spoken at an array of global marketing conferences, including the digital branding summit, content marketing world 2017, cma digital breakfast, summit on content marketing, festival of marketing. competencies include global marketing & branding strategy content marketing strategy social media digital marketing public relations marketing organisations development international / regional field marketing account based marketing channel / partner marketing m&a / post-acquisition marketing team leadership staff development public speaking writing/blogging an updated library of my writings can be found at the following links http //marketingacrossborders.blog http //contentacrossborders.com https //www.linkedin.com/today/author/giuseppecaltabiano
a senior and commercially focused leader of 20 years, theo has a proven track record across product and marketing in enterprise technology, and production and creative direction in the games industry. theo has served as a startup mentor to technology accelerators, sits on advisory boards and consults on new business development for deep tech startups, has written technology thought leadership articles for numerous publications, and continues to keynote at international events. his book, the future starts now, co-authored with bronwyn williams will be available in early 2021 through bloomsbury. current head of global product marketing at decos ceo at rawshark former positions cmo at wfs technologies vp product at sap vp marketing/ chief evangelist at software ag ceo at cronycle startup mentor at htc vive x, alchemist accelerator programme manager at various (10 years)
bytedancer | ex-facebooker | ex-adman | experience working with some of the world s top brands. experience working for american, chinese & european companies. driving growth. mobile first. 
want to start generating client leads or candidates by leveraging social media marketing then get in touch tony.restell social-hire.com or book in a call via the social-hire.com website. think about it. getting results from social media marketing is like trying to solve the rubik's cube isn't it ! infuriating for most, but more straightforward for those who've put in the hours to master every element of what's needed to succeed. if you'd like to pick my brains about how to generate a consistent flow of client leads, candidate applications, event bookings or the like, message me here or book in for a call via the graphic below. i get a real buzz from helping small businesses and recruitment teams build their social media presence and start seeing tangible business results within 90 days . that's typically done via linkedin, facebook and twitter (sometimes instagram). depending on your business and your goals, it might also involve creating webinars, blogs, chatbots, leadpages, lead funnels - essentially whatever is needed to get your business the results you need to justify your investment in social media. i have a great team behind me and am proud of the fact that so many of our clients have been with us for years and years. if you've been thinking of investing in a social media agency, be sure to choose one that has great client retention, compelling client testimonials and 5 star google reviews. there are lots of fabulous talented agencies out there, but also lots who have no track record and will be learning how to get results at your expense. free webinars + free consultation calls our team are always happy to invest time with anyone trying to figure out how to leverage social media in their business. if that's a challenge you're currently addressing, you're welcome to click the graphics below to join one of our next free webinars and / or to book in for a free brainstorming call about how you could get results from social media. p.s. i can't help you solve the rubik's cube, never put the time into learning how to do that! but for social media marketing i've got you covered. shall we arrange a short call 
i like getting people excited about the things i get excited about - i believe there's nothing better than finding opportunities for talented people to do awesome things. i've worked in both in-house and agency roles at a senior level. these have been for multi-site businesses where i've had to lead teams to deliver recruitment projects from headhunting board level talent to delivering on high volume national contracts that means i understand your pain points, i can advise you on how to hire well, cost effectively and i can deliver results under pressure in a calm, logical and effective way. i spent 2 amazing years with emap at kiss fm. i spent the large majority of my time working on the kisstory events and whilst i still have a very questionable taste in music, i am an unashamed, self confessed events and media nerd. my skill set is developing junior recruiters and senior consultants into becoming principal consultants and billing team leaders. i'm very 'hands on' and i love rolling my sleeves up and getting stuck in! i like giving people big responsibilities early on, helping them think about projects in a different way and showing them how to stand out from the crowd. i believe that pressure is a privilege and i think it's an honor to teach people how to earn more money for themselves and guiding them to the next steps in their careers. i take great pride in watching people grow and develop and have been known to shed a not-so-secret tear of pride when i see them do well.
i am an proven chief digital officer with hands on digital transformation experience from within some of the uk's biggest household names. my experience covers all aspects of digital customer operations / digital customer marketing & digital technology innovation. with this experience i help chief executive officers and boards who are struggling to positively increase customer satisfaction and are in urgent need to better utilise digital channels in order to reshape their ongoing costs of customer service. i guide companies who are disheartened with their current brand direction & lack of digital vision. i clarify exactly how their digital potential can be unlocked to positively remodel their business and then execute this transformation. i give confidence to those organisations needing to move away from shrinking traditional marketing channels and to instead successfully leverage digital marketing activity at scale to drive their new business and retention revenues. i help private equity companies who are frustrated with the lack of digital progress within their portfolio brands. i support investors who are unsure about the realistic digital opportunities inside their target investments. with every spare hour i have i try to do all i can with a number of brilliant charities i proudly support. feel free to get in touch!
passionate about digital marketing, e-commerce and organisational structure / culture to deliver tangible business returns. creating start-up mindsets in large organisations through agile working, test&learns of tech innovation, fail fast culture. i am a change maker passionate about sharing my knowledge and inspiring positive change a member of wacl*, what women want steering committee (www.whatwomenwant.uk.com), a graduate of mckinsey s remarkable women programme and general assembly s digital marketing course (20 campus strong school specialised in training of tech, data & design), a frequent contributor to the female leadership & working parents conversation (recent events include oxford women in business society https //www.oxwib.com/ , kantar talks, retail week be inspired annual conference & wacl gatherings & internal events at l or al). i am a brand builder building brands with purpose that are transparent, honest and cultivate trust with our consumers. i am a people builder i believe that balance, wellbeing & positivity are key to bringing the best out in people. i launched project grow, an initiative to make l or al a leading organisation for working parents. the initiative is changing the lives of our employees and was deployed across the entire organisation in 2018 with the help of our partners, talking talent. i am a high-energy, optimistic, fun and courageous human-being who wants to achieve great business results whilst lifting others and enabling them to be the best they can be in their professional and personal lives. *women in advertising and communications, london (wacl) has been in existence since 1923. it currently consists of 160 of the most senior women from the fields of advertising and communications, marketing, media and associated trade bodies.
results-focused and dynamic professional with extensive experience to managing director level of generating and increasing sales in both b2b and b2c markets throughout europe and the world. 20+ years in digital marketing and e-commerce. track record of success in the fintech, saas, education, retail, and healthcare sectors. well versed in start-up and scaling via paid and organic growth in highly regulated and competitive business environments. extensive record of delivering profitable customer relationships through improved systems, processes, and sales channels. successfully worked across a variety of business functions and working in start-up environments as well as mature businesses. experiences include managing director of the uk subsidiary of europe s leading digital finance providers + 6 years as cmo for major online lending brands scaling customer acquisition and lending marketing & communications director of market-leading education earning and skills company with turnover of 200m responsible for all marketing, communications, and pr campaigns generating multi-million sales and e-commerce business and managing customer relationships, marketing, sales, and communications across uk, europe and global markets development and execution of business and marketing strategies through organic growth and/or business/portfolio acquisitions business start-up planning and execution, including rapidly increasing scale, sales, and customers specialties include general management, business development, sales, managing high growth business, marketing strategy and planning, marketing optimisation, e-commerce, online business, digital marketing
noel mack is the cbo for the uk's fastest growing company, gymshark. responsible for the global gymshark brand strategy and brand marketing, with a particular focus on marketing to the 'digital native' through social media, influencer marketing, creative, events, pr and customer experience. noel has over 12 years' experience in brand strategy, marketing and technology.
i m jamie love, the founder & ceo of monumental marketing. i created my dream. monumental fuels digital marketing & pr for a number of local and global clients working across sectors. monumental is powered by minorities and champions diversity. monumental is the uk s best growth agency 2020. monumentalmarketing.co.uk
- global experience in digital, product and integrated marketing communciations for techology firms. worked in asia, america and am currently based in the uk, leading a small and growing team of marketers across both regions. - for the last 2 years, my remit spans both b2b and b2c marketing, with a primary focus on marcoms. - over 10 years experience in managing marketing efforts for saas, supporting $500+ million in revenue - i have 5+ years of management experience, managing field and product marketers, executing local, regional, and global campaigns - responsible for lead gen (through creative campaigns, sem/ppc), ar/pr, customer marketing, events, partner and product marketing, sales training with a focus on priority markets. - managed product launches from conceptualization to delivery - responsible for product marketing lifecycle, including pricing, trade show representation, sales training, and customer briefings - directed program efforts around awareness, thought leadership & lead generation for multiple products specialties social media, digital marketing, marcoms, branding, market research, strategic marketing, pr, competitior research, direct marketing
i'm passionate about being purposeful, and as cliche as it sounds i'm the happiest when i'm valued for the value i add though my work. i'm transparent, authentic and drive success with a diligent approach and clear communication. i'm committed to everything i do with an unconventional approach to problem solving and enjoy working in challenging environments. i m a huge advocate for personal development and growth. everyday is a new opportunity to learn something new and be the best version of you! feel free to reach out with a personal message. general enquiries jornac live.co.uk
- commercial acumen+ (marketing, branding, sales, digital, retail, call center, indirect channel) - proven digital/retail/callcenter track records - leadership, change management, teambuilding, eye for talent, realplayer - negotiation skills - trading and channel management (international) - experienced at driving through business cases - mobile industry experience and in particular exposure to the mvno market - brand strategist / pr / communications / events - operations / logistics / transformation / quality - customer experience (cxp/nps/e-nps) - campaign management, project management, strategic and tactical planning
'i have no special talents. i am only passionately curious' - albert einstein
always looking to help and hire smart enthusiastic entrepreneurial people! get in touch!
after graduating with a degree in french & spanish at leeds university, i kick-started my early career in marketing recruitment with one of the world's leading businesses. it was here i developed an extensive, multi-tiered network of contacts across the uk. i have become a specialist in search, selection & headhunting in the digital & marketing sector, over a 15 year career in recruitment. generally operating at mid to senior & board level appointments across digital, marketing, advertising & business development. in 2006, i co-founded the multi-award winning adam in manchester - we pride ourselves on being able to unearth the best talent in the digital, marketing & hr fields and operate across search, selection and recruitment. i have helped a multitude of businesses grow and achieve their goals through the acquisition of skilled professionals at all levels over the recent years. our raison d'etre at adam is to become a trusted partner to clients & candidates alike and be a pleasure to deal with, whilst not over complicating the recruitment process and offering bespoke results-driven solutions. based on this and our unparalleled track record, hopefully you'll want to get to know us from adam... i moved to london in 2015 to develop our offering with the goal of repeating the success we have had to date across the rest of the uk in the digital & marketing industry. if you are keen to get in touch for a discussion, please give me a call on 07920 753358 or drop me a line on leon weareadam.com. specialties search & selection head hunting sales & marketing recruitment specialist uk recruitment specialist sales & marketing consultancy business planning and resource planning, advertising, pr, digital, design recruitment. typical roles i recruit for span all levels of client services and commercial assignments.
if you are looking for the best tailors london has to offer, then we are the people to trust. our experienced tailors have been producing bespoke and stylish clothing for many years. this means that you get all this knowledge and expertise at your disposal when ordering attire from fielding and nicholson. in addition, we are committed to giving the best service to our wonderful clients when they come to us for their next purchase. with so many tailors in london, it can be hard to choose. we believe that our unique and personal approach helps us stand out. from hand-crafted suits that are bespoke to the individual to stylish shirts and high-end accessories, we offer the full package. we only work with the best cloth and materials to craft our range of clothing and give the best results. here at fielding and nicholson, we understand that the modern man wants classic style and traditional quality with a fresh look for the times they are in. our elite and luxurious range of clothing offers all this and more. browse our range of suits, shirts and accessories today to find out more. whether you need a classy suit for that next business function or a stunning shirt for a weekend way, fielding and nicholson can help. we are proud to not only offer the best customer service and quality but also great value too. https //www.fieldingandnicholson.com/
manchester digital exists to support the development of its member's businesses by providing a range of specialist support services and products. it also works hard to develop the industry as a whole tackling strategic issues such as talent development, infrastructure and finance. it supports a wide range of digital businesses, from start ups through to global ecommerce companies. my role is to help communicate the important work manchester digital, and it's membership, does to help grow manchester's vibrant digital ecosystem. specialities marketing strategy, seo, paid social, link building, social media management, content writing, blogging, email marketing, cms management, outreach, content marketing, branding, events
a frustrated journalist at heart, communications has always been my passion. whether it's putting together a short story, drafting an opinion editorial, or just understanding how to manage a full-blown corporate crisis, i've always loved how you could deliver the same message in so many different ways. over time i shifted my focus from traditional communications to digital and performance marketing, to keep up with how business has evolved. that landed me in some pretty exciting positions, including leading digital marketing for dhl express globally, the world's most international company. nowadays you re more likely to find me dreaming up acquisition programs, debating the merits of automation platforms or tinkering with css sheets, as i work at rotageek - a fast-growing saas company helping businesses through optimised scheduling. specialties demand generation and growth marketing digital transformation omnichannel marketing coordination content and campaigns seo-led content creation and writing email marketing search marketing - seo, ppc content and social media marketing communication strategy media liaison employee engagement media strategy crisis management brand marketing & advertising
a self-starter marketing product manager, with focus in creating growing brands & optimizing product values across all customer segments. highly experienced with designing digital/social media acceleration plans for b2b & b2c audiences. proven expertise in combining creative thinking & descriptive analytics to develop gtm activities. lead operations with p&l 23m and a&p budget of 1m.
what sets me apart from other european marketing leaders is that i come with a global following of sales and marketing decision-makers built-in. i have deep expertise across digital/content/social media/ demand gen (i literally teach a course at uc berkeley on the topic), and that i understand first-hand the expectations of a us-based tech company operating in europe. i specialize in demand generation and pipeline marketing, and i learned from the best in the business during my time at marketo when i reported directly to co-founder jon miller. i wrote the best selling marketing book welcome to the funnel how to turn your content and social media marketing up to eleven and self-published it selling 22,000 copies worldwide. a revised edition is in the works and currently slated for a summer 2020 release, along with two additional books i've been working on for the past three years. in addition to my marketing duties and team building, i deliver 50 plus keynotes, sessions, and workshops around the globe each year having graced the stages at the most prominent digital conferences in the world including dreamforce, content marketing world, smx, business insider trends festival, marketing profs b2b forum, marketo marketing nation, and many more. most recently i was the head of brand marketing at microsoft in a hybrid role focusing on the 5th largest business in microsoft and bringing next-generation demand generation & digital capabilities to a mature giant, with the goal of turning disruption into an ally. a major focus of this role is teaching marketers and partnering with agencies on how to leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning to better understand the customer decision journey, make better use of their data, reduce costs, and ultimately focus on being more creative. before joining microsoft as an internal transfer, i spent nearly six years building the global content marketing, social media, and demand generation engine at linkedin as the group marketing manager. i built the team that drove record-breaking campaign and pipeline numbers across the organization. my approach has been adopted across multiple business lines, and i won the coveted linkedin transformation award for my efforts. i pride myself as an inspirational leader, a digital ideator, implementer, and team mentor, organization builder, and network marketer. i bring a complete digital marketing solution with the ability to establish, extend, or transform marketing capabilities into a fully integrated, automated digital marketing competitive advantage.
independent consultant with unique global experience and education, within both business and fashion. on a mission to challenge the traditional conventions that exist within the world of luxury, lifestyle and fashion. laser focussed on creating cultural, entertaining, sustainable and relationship building brand experiences, through the power of creative strategy. with an extreme addiction to the world of business growth through impactful strategy, i strive to ensure creative thinking and effectiveness in every project, process and touch-point. i get high from exploring new cultures, market trends and consumers while leading strategy for top tier brands. this addiction has brought me from copenhagen to hong kong to paris to dubai to singapore and to london . i am amongst the top 100 danish business talents under 35 (talent 100 - 2017) as well as freelancer of the year finalist (yunojuno 2019) and selected member of the jury for the danish digital awards (2017). specialities - brand management - growth hacking - strategic planning / creative strategy - digital, social and content strategy - trend / consumer / market research - workshops & talks
 the power of analytics extends far beyond one organisation s ability to weather the storm, but can serve as a critical driver in reaching a global solution. as buckminster fuller once stated, humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. we are all responsible for protecting our global economy and our societal functions. in a time where connection is limited, sharing is more important than ever. share resources, share knowledge, share solutions. with an eclectic track record in planning and implementing comprehensive b2b and b2c growth marketing strategy, across a multitude of industries, including tech, music, travel and education, i am proud to be able to support the analytics community with good information, good data and the capacity to derive good decisions, through the lens of truecue.
data protection world forum brings together privacy, data protection and security professionals face-to-face and online via conferences, webinars, digital publications and podcasts. delegates, listeners and readers visit us for the latest advice, information, guidance and analysis on data protection, privacy and cyber-security offered from our vast community of expert contributors.
industry dedicated marketing leader. with a lot to talk about! if you think you know a little about social media and marketing but want to engage with a professional who manages 100's of different media campaigns with a 90% client retention rate then let's have a chat. i see all too often employees of independent food & drinks establishments are burdened with the task of 'just put up a post', 'post our offers will you', 'take a photo of that lunch table'. i see daily that all too often, establishments with unbelievable offerings are doing themselves an unbelievable disservice by failing to align their content to what the customer wants not to what they 'think' the customer wants. what i do want you to know, is that my purpose here, my profession, is to not only inspire and educate you but to help grow your business through a proven methodology with sought-after industry knowledge. i always create unique and distinct strategies based on thorough research, analysis and industry knowledge. i work closely with proprietors, managers and teams within various industries to help relay your brand values, your purpose and your offerings to the people who matter most. creating content aligned with what your customers and prospects really want during their buyer journey. creating solutions addressing buyer problems then addressing them whilst building trust and credibility for you and your brand.
entrepreneurial board level marketing leader across all channels. spearheads customer insight and data, marketing strategy and planning, crm, loyalty, brand and all digital and mobile marketing. builds strong long lasting relationships within complex matrix organisations and across marketing agencies. introduces new ideas, propositions, partnerships and channels. management of marketing budgets from 1 million up to 100 million. coach and mentor supporting the development of future leaders and start-up businesses. 25 years experience in leading large multi-channel b2c and b2b marketing and digital teams. creating, executing and delivery of integrated acquisition and retention strategic marketing. recruits, nurtures and coaches large marketing teams to translate marketing strategy into high performing marketing campaigns that support business objectives and product strategies. key skills marketing strategy and planning brand management digital channels & mobile marketing content, seo, affiliates, aggregators product and proposition development budget management & cost control strategic partnership and alliances an out of the box, creative thinker. key words leadership, strategy, digital, mental health, lgbtq, professional speaker.
i'm a marketer, creative and growth strategist. i love to travel and i m a total geek when it comes to all things marketing and events related! i ve worked with an array of the world s leading brands over the last 5 years - designing, developing and delivering creative marketing campaigns that drive growth and engagement. i m passionate about helping the brands that i work with achieve and exceed their goals. consistent analysis and strategic development is fundamental to growth and underpins the projects i work on. here's a quick overview of the support i provide... event marketing pre-event marketing onsite social media management post-event marketing sponsorship ticketing strategy digital marketing consultation inbound marketing support & development seo social media marketing ad words & ppc consultation keywords strategy online pr additional services persona development & audience analysis competitor analysis abm campaign management messaging development website creation & development my personal interests include trialling outlandish hairstyles and reading arguments in the comments section of youtube. if you're looking for design, marketing or event management support, feel free to drop me a message!
experienced head of growth with a demonstrated history of working with smes and startups to enhane their growth. skilled in ppc, seo, crm, hypothesis-testing, interviewing, business development, social media, and mobile advertising. | strong marketing professional with a master of business administration (mba) focused in focus on strategy & marketing, consumer analysis and early stage tech start ups from university of cambridge.
i'm the digital marketing manager at htl group and have a strong focus on building positive relationships with customers by creating brand awareness and generating demand. for more information on how htl group can assist you in the supply of controlled bolting and joint integrity expertise, please contact me using the below details. georgie.burns htlgroup.com +44 (0)1670 700 016 www.htlgroup.com
i help ceo and exec teams that need to deliver on their agenda, regardless of size or sector. i m a practical marketing, communications, and commercial leader, cmo, ned, and coach helping businesses to survive, thrive, and grow. i deliver demand generation, commercial results, innovation, and major change. i create, gain buy-in for, and implement brands, stories, and propositions. i set-up and develop marketing teams, functions, and businesses. i ve done this at telefonica o2, ey, barclays b2b, bt, pa consulting group, british land, the british institute for brain-injured children, and the business marketing club. i m a cim chartered marketer, mba, and ma (hons). i can help an organisation survive, thrive, and grow. reach out to me for business branding, marketing strategy, proposition, and marketing capability builds or full time, interim or part-time cmo with heavy focus on commercials and value proposition development / delivery or full time or part-time chair, ned and advisory or cmo / marketing team coaching or if you've got something interesting, practical, and visionary to share on the podcasts, webinars, or in the events i run for b2b marketers.
winner of future marketing leader of the year at the restaurant marketer and innovator awards. experienced in implementing, developing and managing marketing, sales and communications strategies for hospitality and leisure brands.
strategy leader and senior brand marketing manager with 15 years of demonstrable experience working with global organisations, niche marketing companies and as an independent contractor. branding and storytelling expert designing activations that bring brands and communities to life. craft, project manage and lead innovative marketing approaches looking for new trends, talents and forms that explore expectations, leading to the creation of new brand stories and professional relationships. build and lead multicultural teams, driving strategic goals that enhance brands, optimize efficiency and maximize profit potential.
14 years working across large international and small boutique hotels. specialising in sales, events, operations, hotel openings and team transformation management with experience hiring and managing small and large teams, to deliver profitability, strategy across multi faceted revenue streams. a high energy leader, that combines drive and enthusiasm to promote team autonomy and effectiveness.
at 360 om, we help brands drive digital growth through performance marketing. we work with brand-side marketing teams and optimise their performance marketing channels such as ppc and paid social. we work with brands like engie, tombola and europcar mobility group. in the past 12 months, we've helped europcar mobility group drive growth 534% growth in conversion through paid search, uac and apple search ads. are you facing any of the following challenges flat lined performance tough targets and kpis lack of resource and specialism to scale up activity drop me a line if you'd like to catch up about your performance marketing campaigns on tariq.mohammed 360-om.co.uk.
i am a global marketing and general management executive delivering outstanding results, driving financial success through strategic and commercial leadership, innovation, marketing flair, executional excellence and building high-performing teams. i re-frame brands and businesses, initiate and lead change, build great teams and win through innovation and creativity. experience includes luxury goods, p&l, beverage alcohol, fmcg/packaged goods, innovation, retail and e-commerce development, sports marketing, publishing, digital marketing. i believe in using creativity as a critical tool for competitive advantage and ensuring that a focus on creating a culture for ideas, big and small, is central to building successful businesses - critically, this needs to be built on a powerful analytical and data-driven foundation. i believe that giving the right people freedom and support to pursue what excites them within a clear guiding framework can create magic for a business.
a passionate, ambitious and driven creative and strategic thinker with a proven track record of delivering consistent results in a variety of environments managing teams, formulating and implementing business strategies and delivering accountable, efficient, innovative and consumer led strategic solutions. excellent interpersonal and communications skills plus an unrivalled black book provide the ability to connect with clients and agencies at all levels
i work at pace. lightening speed at times. i am at my best when you don't have it all figured out but you need someone to do that. i scale, successfully. i build phenomenal hard-working brilliant marketing teams from the ground up (one such team is a finalist for 'team of the year,' for marketing excellence by the chartered institute of marketing 2020). i bring the desire to always innovate and never settle. i'm not afraid of big hairy challenges, in fact, i love them. i deliver growth, awareness and revenue time and time again. i am a proven (award-winning!) customer-centric, hands-on, & commercially focused saas, ed-tech, media & technology marketing director with extensive experience of scaling and adding commercial value to digital series a, b or c subscription-based businesses whether to exit or get further investment. i deliver expert strategic planning across marketing b2b & b2c environments across acquisition, retention & customer onboarding whilst proactively working with teams across the globe (inside sales/ field sales/ product/ content). i work with entrepreneurs & business leaders & provide a growth framework to successfully scale their businesses. a few highlights 1. in the last 24 months, i have scaled & grown three digital subscription businesses one to a successful exit and two achieved next round investment. this involved * 1000's of mqls & millions of closed-won * adoption of digital tech stack from marketing automation through to google analytics * thought leadership achieving global pr 2. hired and coached award-winning marketing teams. 3. launched ( 12 million launch) a uk market-leading product (retail/ online) that achieved cash positive in year 2 which was 5 years ahead of business plan brands i have worked on microsoft, gamesradar, techradar, fox, disney, sony, avado, itn, lbc, mousebreaker, dazn, nintendo, total film, sfx, playstation, drum-cussac, digital theatre, xenzone, kapow primary, rileys, fego partnerships i have delivered channel five, itv, aol, warnerbros, tesco, newsuk, express group, google, paramount, telegraph awards won cim launch of the year, aop commercial individual of the year, aop commercial partnership, ppa brand of the year, dma - digital film brand of the year, time's grand prix of marketing excellence - team (various years!) and of course, the most recent shortlist!
after starting a family at the tender age of 18, it has been a rollercoaster ride building a career i'm proud of, but, **some** years later(!) i am now the proud co-owner of a successful marketing business, rebellion marketing, and, in addition, i continue to be passionate about the apprenticeship sector. as well as working with clients to support them with business growth through marketing, i also work with levy and national employers to build successful apprenticeship programmes, attract and retain talent and future-proof business. key skills apprenticeship programme design marketing- online and offline (seo, ppc, social media, event management) sales account management
i am a highly passionate, creative and methodical marketer with 19 years of offline, online experience and across global markets. adaptable to any work environment (fast paced, growth orientated and new) and possessing a proven ability to ensure that business objectives are well understood analyzed and achieved. demonstrated success record in - planning, strategy, and developing digital and & offline channel performance. - developing agencies, in-house strategies and tactics for performance media. - developing team/direct line individuals to help achieve business & personal objectives. - building automation - dsps, paid social tools (bionic) and attribution (metagini) - taking initiative and driving success in ad campaign management, c-level relationship development, writing, and project management within environments from small projects to large-scale organisations vertical experience - retail (fashion, consumer goods & supermarket) - travel/airline/ leisure(incl travel insurance) - fmcg (energy/sports drink) - telco - sports clothing - gambling - print media core competencies/skills - strategy and planning - search, affiliates, programmatic, & paid social - analytics (ga and adobe) - multi/omni channel marketing - ecommerce - budgeting/ forecasting
a digital and social strategist with over 15 years global experience gained both on client and agency side. experience includes, community management, content creation and curation, customer service transformation, project management of digital builds, campaign management, digital/ social media monitoring, influencer & blogger marketing, creating and leading social/ digital teams, conducting social media workshops, transforming traditional businesses into 'social businesses' and much more. a true believer and advocate of social media who is passionate about telling stories through the creation of engaging content. meticulous about data and how to use data correctly to provide actionable insights and strategy that delivers a solid roi for global brands. excited about the future of the social media landscape , especially the 'collaborative' economy or 'peer to peer (p2p)' economy and new businesses that have grasped the understandings of the economy to create new innovative social products. if you would like to know more, have any questions, opportunities, feel free to contact me via email at abedhakim gmail.com
director of marketing and communications at everton from 2014 and in june 2018 i took on an expanded role to become director of marketing, communications & community and also chief executive of everton in the community. my role at everton includes driving growth of attendances, season tickets, memberships, tours and events - all of which have had record-breaking growth in recent years - and overseeing all aspects of fan engagement and experience, including the fan centre and ticket office functions. i also have responsibility for media, content, public relations and corporate communications including engagement for the club s proposed new stadium at bramley-moore dock and a community-led legacy at goodison park. as chief executive of everton in the community, i have responsibility for devising and delivering the strategy for one of europe s most successful and respected sporting charities. with more than 40 programmes, 125 staff and more than 20,000 participants annually, everton in the community is widely respected as one of the most effective charities delivering life-saving social interventions in liverpool and beyond. i am chair of the chartered institute of marketing and a chartered fellow of the institute the highest level of marketing qualification in the uk. i am also on the board of the liverpool visitor economy network the city s tourist board. qualifications include a masters in business administration (mba) and a ba (hons) degree. before everton, i was chief executive of one of kenyon fraser one of the most respected and fastest growing marketing and communications agencies in the north. prior to that i worked for the professional footballers association and major league soccer as director of development. i was also interim head of marketing and communications for the jockey club in the north west (including for the grand national) and worked as a consultant with the r&a on golf s oldest major, the open championship.
a highly experienced and passionate brand partnership and sponsorship specialist, with significant rights holder experience across formula 1, sportscar racing and the automotive sector. a proven track record in securing long-term revenue generating partnerships with global brands. a driven and dedicated leader who relishes a challenge and always delivers.
global cmo with extensive brand and digital leadership experience across all major geographies. deep understanding of global cultural movements with focus on the younger generations and the ever changing digital and social media landscape. recognized ability to turn around tired and low performing brands and step change performance, through reinventing the marketing vision and strategy followed by inventive communication and connections plans, as well as redefining all commercial levers for future success. extensive experience also of building new innovative and clearly defined brands and digital acquisition strategies from the start. passion for leading big and diverse teams and truly believe the most powerful way to drive performance is through others development and freedom to make fast, creative and brave decisions. broad experience across fmcg, spirits, hospitality, retail, luxury, sports and wellness.
i started my marketing career 10 years ago at a national accounting firm. since then, i ve worked client side with the uk s fastest growing accountancy firm, agency side with a leading digital marketing agency - working with global brands across a vast range of industries - and freelance as a marketing consultant. since going freelance, i have developed my digital marketing management skill set further and expanded my understanding of the most effective atl and btl channels & tactics across multiple markets, before moving onto advising dozens of small business owners on their marketing, brand and communications strategies. most recently, i took on an interim appointment to lead the marketing and brand team at a fast-growing, pe-backed recruitment tech company, whilst managing a diverse portfolio of b2b sme clients. i currently act as an outsourced marketing manager for a number of professional services and financial services firms. i typically work with 1. businesses going through change or in the early stages of seeking a permanent senior marketing appointment (on an interim basis). 2. business owners who don t need a full time marketing manager, but need someone experienced to plan & implement an effective marketing strategy. 3. business owners who require ad hoc marketing advice and/or support for specific projects or campaigns. 4. marketing managers/heads of marketing who require support with digital marketing, analytics and kpi reporting. 5. marketing agencies requiring additional, flexible resource in their delivery teams. strengths strategic marketing planning, marketing audits, digital marketing channel management (ppc, seo, social media & digital content), abm and crm management, content & outreach, pr, digital analytics, marketing reporting & success measurement. i ve worked with some incredible organisations, including tui easybus hyundai capita anglepoise avanti plc tc group amberjack executives in sport group plus over 40 accountancy & legal firms! get in touch here contact jamiehallitt.com | 07398069428
 are you looking for digital marketing support 23000+ followers | ceo of 123 internet group, a fast-paced full service creative digital marketing agency based in milton keynes serving a local, national and international customer base of 600+ clients. proud to have a friendly team of 20 experienced specialists who offer bespoke design, branding, web development, seo, ppc and fully outsourced social media management & digital marketing support. we become an extension to your business and marketing team. additional services including copy writing, public relations, 3d immersive photography and videography are served by our trusted partners. i believe i am a passionate, results driven business owner who shares the combined vision with the professional and dedicated team i surround myself with #dreamteam. i am always open to providing support, advice and guidance to business owners - if we can work together, great! if not, who do you know who could benefit from our services #webdesign & #development, #design, #print, #search #engine #marketing, #ppc, #searchengine #optimisation, #web #hosting, #email #marketing, #government #scrappage #scheme
creative strategy and marketing for modern luxury and lifestyle brands. rare creative business perspective informed by hybrid experience working at advertising agencies, iconic brands, new media companies and editorial publishers. every role held newly created within highly creative, innovation-driven and culture-defining businesses during transformative growth stages. progressive marketing approach focused on engineering evocative brand worlds for discerning audiences. one of creative review s top 50 creative leaders and d&ad new blood judge.
are you a b2b marketing manager with a big remit you need to deliver on are you under pressure to deliver more leads from your campaigns are events (live or virtual) part of your campaign strategy and you need to ensure they deliver you roi do you sometimes feel that there just aren't enough hours in the day to get your job done and your team is over-stretched and under-resourced do you find it hard to find people who get you and your brand and can translate that effectively into an event are you worried about bringing in external support as taking a punt on a completely new supplier might potentially make you look bad would you like to find someone who can bring experience, ideas and initiative to the table but doesn't want to change your whole brief if so, i can help. i ve been organising b2b events for more than 20 years for some of the biggest brands in the financial services and tech industries. i am passionate about organising live experiences that bring people together, start conversations and build relationships. i know how to organise events that are guaranteed to deliver a business roi and new leads. i have a tried and tested event strategy which works for both live events and those taking place digitally. events is all i've known for my entire career so i'm confident that my skills and experience can help you. it s a job that i love and get a huge amount of satisfaction from. there is nothing better than seeing people connect and engage at an event and having a happy client at the end of it. having started my own events business over 2 years ago, every event is truly personal to me as reputation means everything. this means your event will be a top priority and i ll be your main point of contact. i guarantee it won t be handed over to someone more junior to manage. cost wise i charge on either an estimation of my time to complete the project, or a % of your overall budget. fees start at 3500. covid-19 has stopped the world from meeting face to face for the moment, but much of the strategy for organising a successful digital event remains the same. as we return to a new normal, if you want to start hosting a face to face events once again, you will need a partner on your side who understands everything that will need doing to run an event safely and successfully. if you think it might be worth a conversation, then please drop me a message on here.
 chief marketing officer at appear here, named one of wired magazine's 100 hottest startups and the financial times' most disruptive companies extensive international marketing experience at google left and right brain connected master's in software engineering at harvard and creative writing at oxford marketing at the wharton school speaks 8 languages specialties marketing strategy, c-level leadership, corporate communications, pr, online acquisition, media management, brand development, programmatic advertising, quantitative analysis, creative strategy
hello, hola, n n h o, zdravstvuyte (that's russian by the way), salam, selamat siang. i'm omar, a 28-year-old londoner of mixed heritage jamaican, chinese, portuguese, indian and pakistani (yes, my biology must be confused!), a former journalist for the times, guardian and the independent turned marketing founder. i've led a pretty cool life, from living in the west african desert to being involved in major political campaigns, working with influencers and now working on a super exciting and fast growing startup. one thing i've learnt is that the rules are there to be broken! that's how you bring about progress and innovation - shakespeare used to do it all the time with his language! i'm particularly interested to see how faith can be a point of opportunity, not antagonism. we want to see greater inclusivity in today's advertising as a way to bring about a more interconnected world. and this is why we run creative, strategic marketing campaigns targetting the global muslim market. with over a decade of insights and learnings, we ve learned a thing or two about the global muslim market of 2 billion with an annual spend of $2 trillion. why us - we're the world's first influencer marketing agency connecting brands with the global muslim market - we have the largest muslim influencer network - we have a track record of success with the un, primark, anchor butter, rubicon, co-op, the southbank centre, tesco and more. we re an ambitious bunch with a drive to bring greater harmony between different cultures. delivering purpose and results is at the heart of why we exist. services - influencer marketing - strategy - content creation - social media management + strategy - branding give me a shout at omar wearemin.co to connect
trailblazing sports professional! key skills and experience include vision & leadership investment procurement sponsorship acquisition & revenue generation sports facility & club management marketing strategy tv, media & digital communications pan-asia operation and activation experience innovation and creativity in sports industry extensive business relationship network management of large teams fluent in chinese
a passionate leader and social entrepreneur who works with government agencies, leading universities, corporate institutions and charities to promote the use of digital learning tools, in order to expand the reach and impact of education globally. chief executive officer of learn et al and the school of marketing, both investment backed companies, that aim to promote digital learning and help solve the digital divide and prepare people for the future of work. impacted over 100,000 learners globally in areas such as promoting cross-cultural peace and dialogue, skill-based learning for development and key employability skills in marketing and business. awarded an honorary fellowship of the cambridge judge business school, cambridge university for contribution to marketing. previously held positions as a lecturer and adjunct professor at leading business schools such as the hult international business school and pearson business school. holds an mba (distinction) from warwick business school, mphil (1st class) in strategy and innovation from the cambridge judge business school, ma (hons 1st class) in business from edinburgh university and bsc (hons 2 1) in financial management from manchester business school, manchester university.
a specialist recruitment consultant helping agencies and brands find the best talent in creative, digital, design and marketing. from industry giants to small independents, working with who matters in the creative industry, including most of the top 100 digital, design, advertising and marketing agencies. covering london, manchester and leeds. kate.young macgregorblack.com / 07964689784
take your marketing from mystical misery to clear and simple success. erica weareorangetree.com marketing can feel overwhelming, especially when it's not the only job you have. as a business owner you wear many hats ceo, finance, it, compliance. and then there s marketing. you know your business you re an expert. but are you an expert in marketing it are you using marketing tactics that are optimised for you, or are you dipping in and out of various social media platforms based on the latest facebook ad but marketing is not magic! it is simply a conversation with your audience your potential clients, your existing clients and others who are interested in your business. how can i help you i work with business owners to identify quick wins to optimise your leads and sales flows, create efficiency in your processes and create effective marketing plans. talk to me why not book a free 30minute strategy call and find out how i can help you. i guarantee you one implementable idea at the end of the session and then we can discuss how we work together. email erica weareorangetree.com or visit www.weareorangetree.com specialities marketing strategy content writing and planning, voice analytics, advertising, media buying and planning, project management, sales quality, contact centre management, direct marketing, sales optimisation, lead generation, strategic partnerships industries insurance saas environmental protection cybersecurity coaching and training construction retail philosophies don't think out of the box, think like there is no box only you can make yourself happy giraffes don't eat steak - this is my favourite - ask me why. email erica weareorangetree.com or visit www.weareorangetree.com
problem solving and relationship building. 2 core skills which have been pivotal to my success throughout my career. having honed them in a former life as a bank manager, i now enjoy putting these to good use, marrying clients and candidates in perfect harmony as a marketing headhunter. in my spare time you'll find me under the bonnet of my cars, with a glass of rum in my hand or at the gym. rarely all at the same time. wondering if i can help you here are a few examples of roles i have successfully filled in the last 12 months senior ppc manager agency | content manager retail | uk marketing director retail | head of campaign retail | marketing data analyst not for profit | marketing manager property | digital copywriter agency | senior channel marketing manager software | ecrm executive not for profit | social media manager software | product manager technology | seo specialist professional services | marketing manager - software | product manager - leisure
i'm on a mission to help ambitious business owners within the property, professional services or b2b sectors, grow their businesses even further. and i am not talking about adding 1-2 new clients per month. i mean as much as doubling your business. (i can see you smiling!!..well, not really, but i bet you are now) why am i doing this i have worked in marketing for almost 20 years now. i have learnt a thing or two (or hundred) and have trialled and tested hundreds of campaigns. some have failed, but many have succeeded and have made my clients thousands or pounds in profits. i know what works and have built a team of skilful and experienced marketers i am proud to call my colleagues. they are the best! and i am not just saying this to make them feel good they really are! (and only business owners know how hard it is to find good people!!) but i have also found that businesses in property (such as estate and letting agents), professional service providers (such as tax specialists or pension providers) or b2b (such as commercial agents and surveyors) are not very good at marketing their own brand or generating leads via digital marketing. after all, you spend your days getting better at the service you provide. so, how can i & my team help you grow we achieve this by using an 8-step scientific strategy founded in human psychology, and based on our 19 years experience into the sector, that turns strangers into customers, and customers into raving fans. with smaller clients we work on a retainer, taking the role of your extended marketing department. for larger clients, those that can handle 100+ leads per week, we operate on a pay per lead model. with this model there are no upfront creative costs, no upfront production costs and no upfront setup fees, this alone is an incredible saving of over 6000! but it all starts with a free call. ---- (copy/paste this in your browser) https //artdivision.co.uk/contact/book-15-min-call-nelly-berova/ if you believe your service is second to none, i want to help you. book a free growth strategy call with me and together we will identify the one single thing you could do right now to have the biggest impact on your sales this year.
experienced sports marketeer whose skill set has been shaped working for three of the largest global sponsors in emirates, hsbc and jaguar land rover. expertise in delivering complex global and multi-market projects to generate revenue and a strong return on high profile sponsorships with leading sport rights holders such as real madrid, arsenal, formula 1, rugby world cup, atp, european tour and the icc. now based in london, i founded e10 sponsorship in 2017 and specialise in brand consultancy and working with rights holders to develop their commercial growth. please visit www.e10sponsorship.com or email me at tim.davy e10sponsorship.com to discuss how we can work together.
would you like to have the possibility of having a new method of continuous income even if your business is succeeding at the moment it's probably an attractive offer but, you need to read carefully to understand why there are currently almost 1 billion people who don't know about a product or service. ' it is clear that you already know about digital marketing and all the tools and processes that have allowed you to capture hundreds of potential customers. you have enjoyed the joy of having an average of 6 to 7 figures in your bank account thanks to the success of your company but. what if i told you that that billion people are thirsty to know your service or product and there is almost no one who can do it (take your product to that virgin market) today there are too many marketers who talk about conversion, unlimited reach of dream customers and ideal platforms to earn more and more money online but... how many offer to translate your product into the language of a virgin market and transform that market gap into a productive and reliable repository that generates much more roi than you currently have that is what is called transcreation and few are valuing the spanish-speaking market, which is one of the most active markets when it comes to consumption, either physically or through internet offers. no matter how successful your business is in anglo-saxon countries, it is possible now, today and immediately to start invading the spanish speaking market. are you a marketer, a sales leader, a successful seller it is possible that your services are known in latin america. where there are few who really make the grade and have become the 'spearheads'. it's time for them to get to know you, it's time for you to enter this market and master more territory. having a professional, advanced and state-of-the-art translation service is the first step, because there is no artificial intelligence that can touch emotions more effectively than a human being even more so when it is someone who knows this language perfectly. all in all no one thinks about stopping making money... ask me how and with pleasure we can talk whatever your language is. contact us here or send us a direct message games translator games translation market translation marketing translation gaming spanish translator marketing branding
the main reason businesses come to us is because they struggle to find high quality junior candidates that have the skills for their marketing, sales and tech roles. tech start-ups like yoti, roomlab and machine medicine use digitalgrads because we educate and assess candidates in the digitalgrads academy to understand what each person is capable of before making them available to hire. it's recruitment - done the right way! every candidate has a digital profile that is created consistently and contains a video and examples of work which brings the candidate to life far better than a personally prepared cv. employers are encouraged to take a 24-hour trial of the platform, no strings, to check out the calibre of our candidates https //hiring.digitalgrads.com
my story i specialise in helping business and marketing leaders to create rapid and transformational growth by helping them stand out in a sea of sameness and 'me too' competitor brands. i do this in the most complex of b2b markets crossing technology, finance and everything in-between. my agency has helped scale ups like crowdcube to re-invent their brand and have their best ever quarter, every quarter. we've helped incopro increase their average deal size by 37%. we've helped sage pay to double the effectiveness of their marketing campaigns. we've helped funding circle achieve a 1.5billion ipo. and we've helped kpmg win 58m of closed business from a 1m spend. all of these outcomes have been achieved by religiously following one simple principle. if you want to move products, you need to move minds. for any ambitious leader, figuring out how to grow their company, the stakes have never been higher. if you're not using the power of story and emotion to drive sales effectiveness, you're literally slowing your business down. i simply call what i do #humanizingb2b. - and it works, time after time. in my personal life, i ve made millions and lost millions, written a book (second book coming out soon), turned down a cheque for 19m for my first company, developed the 13 stories framework, won over 30+ awards, co-founded the fastest growing marketing agency in the uk, fallen in love, been seconds from bankruptcy, fathered two awesome boys, been divorced twice and even after a thousand rounds of golf i've never come close to a hole in one -) i'm passionate about helping companies and people to fulfil their potential and hate it when lazy marketing gets in the way. i'm driven by human understanding, creativity, narrative development, storytelling, innovation, abm, sales enablement, category design, disruption and transformational growth. b2b client experience hp, microsoft, cisco, vodafone, samsung, oracle, virgin media, colt, amadeus, symantec, adobe, canon, kpmg, funding circle, make it cheaper, currencycloud, crowdcube, incopro, sage pay and many others.
i'm the co-founder and cmo of crowdcube, a pioneer and global leader of the equity crowdfunding industry. i regularly provide media comment and thought leadership on entrepreneurship, fintech and crowdfunding industry trends. i've been named by debrett s as one of britain s 500 most influential people and was selected as one of the sunday times maserati 100 game-changing entrepreneurs. since launching crowdcube in 2011 with co-founder darren westlake, crowdcube has been recognised as the preferred funding option for today s startups and later-stage businesses. almost 900 businesses, including monzo, brewdog, curve, pod point, freetrade, pip & nut, mindful chef, mr & mrs smith and grind, have successfully raised funds. more than 750,000 registered crowdcube investors have invested 690 million on the platform in eight years. today, i'm driving the company s ambition to fuel a new generation of businesses who want to leave their mark on the world and loving it )
are you a marketing bod who s been asked to produce a tv ad has your client or boss asked you about clearcast and it's made you want to run away and hide or maybe you're a brand person who needs to fit video into their mix but doesn't know where to start i'm luke, a 6'6' krav maga and cinema obsessive with 10 years experience producing compelling content which changes perceptions of brands, organisations and smes. with tv adverts i've spent a number of years introducing clients to tv advertising, guiding them through the complicated processes, produced beautiful creative and helped get that content in front of millions of viewers on itv, channel 4 and other major broadcasters. for brand i've worked with companies like sandisk, santander and hitachi to produce great content which has helped promote brands and their values across social media and the net. for corporate i help clients move above the noise of online video by producing compelling left field content. please get touch if you need a hand making fun content which will get seen a lot ps in case you were wondering 'why hightower' it's after the really tall guy from police academy (see reference to my height above!) feel free to give me an direct message on here - or check out my reels at - www.hightower.video www.vimeo.com/hightowervid
i'm the ceo of the marketing optimist - the marketing department you don't have. we help companies turn marketing spend into sales leads by focusing their efforts on the areas which will bring greatest return on investment. we're helping lots of businesses gain focus on their marketing. we take a strategic approach which helps our clients focus on areas which will create meaningful results for their business, rather than vanity metrics. we take away our clients pain in keeping abreast of the daily advances in marketing. with this approach they can focus on the elements which make a difference. our background lies in direct marketing, before the internet age. this helps us bring strong measurement skills into the digital marketing world. our strengths are strategic marketing planning search engine optimisation social media marketing email marketing paid advertising straight forward marketing advice. the beauty of our approach is that we work with clients in the way they want to work. in my 20 year career as a marketer i've worked as part of a board in several industries with various sizes of business, so i understand how marketing effects a whole company. if i can help you call 07834 197785 email richard marketingoptimist.co.uk or visit https //www.marketingoptimist.co.uk/ my passion social networking is my passion (what did i do before twitter ). twitter, facebook and linkedin are pretty much my life. used in the right way they bring people together and help businesses make money, which is after all what we all want. as a knock on from this, i ve been on the panel for several social networking discussions and i m always keen to help others and learn new ideas at the same time.
are you paying for ppc/google adwords or seo then you need our free, no-obligation audit report. find out if you should be getting better results. find out if you are wasting your money. get free recommendations and advice to improve your roi. read what others are saying about us here https //digitalethos.net/our-results/ message me for your free audit report and see how you can get better results from your current spend. digital marketing |sem| social media marketing | paid search | search engine optimisation | affiliates | digital ethos - uk's fastest growing digital marketing agency
after working through some of the challenges, i have the insight to achieve greater business efficiency and that is how i am going to support you. i know that with the right technical software you will become more cost-effective as your business expands. using my expertise and knowledge of ground-breaking technologies, my skill is to diagnose with tailor-made precision, your digital needs before making appropriate recommendations. working with a lack of support unaware of new emerging technologies fearful of making the wrong technological investment not being fully aware of your business options increasing your costs in the process of growth integrating the production of your services & products staying ahead of the game with pride and care, my focus is entirely upon creating a smooth and logical relationship between every piece of technology you need to run your business. i work with cutting-edge software some are not yet known mainstream and that is why i can help you to accelerate., . ultimately, i am confident that you will see the quality of my service in the process of us developing a relationship built on trust and respect. * let s start with a to find out. we are in service to all b2b communities particularly those who are looking to develop with some degree of caution in this climate. we appreciate that is why you need support and guidance to achieve that seamless change. we also work with institutions and large organisations to integrate their systems. design applications marketing digital strategies enterprise risk management online business presence with specialised domains business planning building relationshipsdennismjohn gmail.com | +44 (0) 7576 94 9393 | www.accuethome.com
whether you love or loath social media, if you are in business and ignoring social media s potential as a source of new leads and growth then you may be missing a huge opportunity. but don't worry - i have literally years of practical experience that i am happy to share with you and to point you in the right direction, enabling you to start tapping into the business building potential of linkedin and facdbook. whether you are a b2b or b2c business i'm happy to have a chat so i can understand your objectives and explain exactly how you can use social media to help generate leads and business. check out the http //linkedin4more.biz/ website or drop me a line a martin linkedin4more.biz or call on +44(0)7584 415452 / +44(0)1924 829393.
modo25 - turning digital marketing inside out.... coming soon. modo25.com recruiting now in leeds and london. data scientists paid media specialists seo tech specialists ux/cro specialists content writers digital marketing trainers digital marketing consultants ride25 - www.ride25.com ride25 was set up by rob hamilton and i after we experienced an incredible response to a uk to australia charity cycle ride called 1morecycle which raises money for the african children s charity 1morechild. the event was so popular that rob and i decided to open it up to a wider audience, giving individuals, groups of friends, charities and companies the opportunity to travel to the other side of the world by bike, one tour at a time over 25 legs and so ride25 was born. corporate clients include google, adobe, facebook, thomas cook, sky betting & gaming, infor, mace. charity clients include teenage cancer care, help for heroes, raf ben fund, dame kelly holmes trust, lesson's for life foundation. ride25 take all the hassle out of planning and running challenge cycling events - meaning you can just enjoy the ride and raise considerable amounts for charity along the ride.
i run the sports marketing network where we train and support providers of community sport and physical activity to become more vibrant, visible and viable. the sports marketing network is a growing international community of like-minded people. people who want to develop and deliver more vibrant, visible and viable sport and physical activity initiatives, right there in, and for, their communities. people who want to learn from best practice, from ideas and thoughts from across the sector and beyond and who are looking for a one-stop source. that is what the sports marketing network has been providing since 2004 and we are now taking some steps further. so wherever you are in the world you can now have access to unique and proven inspiration and advice - right here and through our grow sport workshops, grow sport conferences, grow sport guides, grow sport magazine and the grow sport + part of smn's website...and there's more to come. we know there are great things happening in community sport and physical activity across the world, so here is a place where you can get inspiration from really great community sports enterprises and learn from all those great places and projects. we will even also help you with checklists and action points. we call it thoughts, tools and to-dos. vi arbejder nu ogs i danmark gennem vores s sterorgansiation idrn t p tv rs ivs. via konferencer, seminarer, webinarer og r dgivning m lrettet mod danske kommuner, idr tsiv rks ttere, foreninger og idr tsorganisationer vil idr t p tv rs ivs nu bygge p vores viden og erfaring baseret p vores arbejde i england, wales, irland, skotland og danmark. email svend smnuk.com or simply call 0044-1423326660
digital marketing fanatic with over 20 year digital marketing industry experience. founder of the digital marketing group on linkedin, the 4th biggest group on linkedin. winner of linkedin power profiles 2015 - top 10 ranking in marketing and advertising founder of digital doughnut the global community for digital marketing professionals http //digitaldoughnut.com ranked in the british interactive media associations top 100 people in the uk's digital industry 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 ranked by fastcompany magazine as one of the top 50 most influential people on the web ranked by the drum magazine as one of the top 200 people in digital in the uk judge of communicator magazines, digital impact awards 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 judge, community partner and advisor to the technology strategy board reaches over 1,000,000 marketing professionals every week! hubspot ranks digital marketing as the no.1 group for marketers on linkedin! specialties digital marketing, digital marketing technologies, digital marketing strategy, digital marketing events, digital marketing training, digital marketing consultancy, digital marketing transformation, social media marketing check out the digital leaders videos below! join http //digitaldoughnut.com to stay updated to information and events on digital marketing
i am a creative marketer with a strong digital marketing background across all sectors and excellent knowledge of web development and design in many formats from wordpress to magento, with a strong entrepreneur background. i have worked with all types of business from small sme s to large plc s who have a huge ambition to grow their business across digital and non-digital platforms. i have worked with lots of different sectors from retail to accountants to consultancy and finance companies, i work with any business who wants to take the next step online, as any business which wants to grow needs to focus on social media and digital marketing. my goal is to help your business take the next step in the evolution by using clever marketing and digital strategy which will included everything from social media to email campaigns to website development and seo. my ideas are unconventional but do work, they have helped many businesses take the next step. if you want your business to grow and develop you need to keep at the cutting edge of technology and skills, these are something i am passionate about. and sometimes having a fresh set of eyes looking over your marketing and business strategy will make all the difference.
proven leader in all aspects of running, scaling and selling a fast growth start -up company. in 7 years i rapidly developed my bootstrapped startup from a $0 to a $20million global business and successfully lead the company through two acquisitions. i m now committed to share my breadth of knowledge and experience by collaborating with motivated teams, particularly within high growth start-ups/sme s looking to scale, expand into new markets, develop/market new products, or in putting together and executing that perfect exit strategy. specialities - growth strategy/ strategic planning - product and audience development - new market entry & expansion - business development - digital marketing - project management - organisational design, transformation and change management - building and retaining high-performance teams - p&l leadership, budgeting, and cost management - managing board of director relationships - mergers & acquisitions
i love brand marketing, communications & public speaking. tell a story, make people laugh, add value. it's a pretty simple formula. pr, comms, branding, brand strategy & sponsorship are my specialties. the importance of brand messaging on consumer purchasing decisions is often undervalued. brand is often seen as the 'fluffy' part of marketing. but fluffy i am not. here's why i believe in outcomes not outputs. just doing the work, ticking the boxes and hitting kpis (whilst important) isn't showing success. what really counts is the end result - changing a behaviour or an opinion. i believe in measurement to improve, rather than measurement to justify. nothing's perfect. so research, measure & survey to find ways to get better instead of proving you are doing the right thing. insight is key. i believe the concepts of relevance & connection are core to all brand marketing and communications. customers care about things that are important or relevant to them. sounds obvious, but it has taken me a long time and lots of research to reach this simple conclusion! relevant brand storytelling can bring brands to life - be it in social media, advertising, pr or content. whilst marketing is my day job, i am also an ambulance volunteer (yes, driving on blue lights to 999 calls), a non-exec director, a charitable trustee & school governor. it's amazing how much i have learnt from doing 'non-work' stuff. managing a large team of paid staff is tough. managing teams of volunteers requires a whole new set of skills.
i offer outsourced sales and digital marketing services to technology companies and consultancies. this includes business development and demand generation across search, social and email. recent partners include - ebo.ai - microsoft - lynxeye & more. if you need support bringing in new business then get in touch today on linkedin or over the phone 07707 932 664. 'seb has not only given us invaluable advice but also achieved great results within a short space of time.' andrea and sandra, directors of single parents on holiday ltd. - my career to date has included the delivery of an online trading budget in excess of 200m for the uk s largest electronics retailer, dixons carphone, building a team and crafting a sales process as head of sales at lane 6 (a demand generation agency) and a combined two years of work driving new business for clients across the globe as a sales & marketing consultant.
enthusiastic and resourceful brand-marketer with a passion for storytelling and an exceptional ability to link creativity to financially tangible outcomes and memorable brand experiences.
an experienced global b2b digital content strategist, producer and marketer, with a demonstrated history of working in the corporate events sector for leading global events conglomerate, marcus evans and more recently driving commercial, marketing and event strategy and execution for start-up b2b events company connect global group . skilled in content planning, marketing strategy, webinar production, design, negotiation, business development, customer relationship management (crm), team development & management, and event management. spent the past decade setting up teams in new territories, engaging & collaborating with stakeholders across markets, leading new initiatives and internal trainings, all while initially launching digital content departments through personal business development and nurturing client relationships. developing a clear content marketing strategy and business process to underpin the longer term growth of departments on a global scale. worked across a wide range of industries with significant experience producing and running digital events for the financial, pharma, healthcare, legal, manufacturing, health & safety, hr and investment sectors. worked with hundreds of leading industry experts, from companies including and not limited to barclays, commerzbank, state street, coutts bank, continental automotive, aecom, caltex, royal mail, air asia, austrian financial authority, intel, sanofi, bre, ascendis pharma, ccua, deloitte, pwc, furla and coca cola to name a few. past clients include ptc, bearingpoint, sanaclis, onyx healthcare, prometeia, lexisnexis, luxoft, icube consortium, driven inc, software daten service, os inc, diamond mccarthy, evotec, acurian, swift, oracle, nuance, syncera, quest diagnostics, clariness, quantaverse, infosys, planixs, nomis solutions, advantech, caterpillar, cyclica, elsevier, r4risk, pelago, assima, teg architects, topstone, bcs consulting, wso2, gensuite, ey, clinical ink and many more.
i am an associate director at major players, leading our perm digital marketing division. we have specialist teams across performance marketing, online marketing & ecommerce, digital communications (social media, editorial, crm, content) and data & analytics. i'm currently working with some of the most well known and innovative global ecommerce brands, technology providers and publishers as well as the top creative/media/integrated/pr/social agencies if you would like any consultancy on hiring into digital marketing and data/analytics then please do not hesitate to reach out.
digital radish s co-founder and marketing director with over 14 years experience in growing global b2b businesses across media, technology and mobile marketing/advertising. highly effective with a proven track record of driving revenue through online and offline marketing, operating at both a strategic and tactical level. digital radish is a b2b marketing agency where strategy meets creative. a team of creative marketing strategists using market insight to develop bold brands and creative campaigns that inspire, motivate and engage your employees and customers. providing brands with the insight and creativity to move fearlessly forward in times of change.
senior marketing, brand management and business development professional with strong commercial acumen. responsible for the successful delivery of multi-million-pound projects that have driven asset values for the uk's leading property companies. a strategic yet collaborative planner with a positive attitude and strong negotiation skills. specialities marketing communications (b2c & b2b), brand management, niche leasing, commercial and community partnerships, sponsorship, contract negotiation, key account management, experiential marketing, commercial real estate and shopping centre management.
as a senior marketer, i have been responsible for developing and implementing marketing and digital product strategies in highly competitive technology b2b environments. i ve taken on companies like google and aws through innovative positioning, customer-centric messaging and delivering campaigns with a test and learn mentality. at a strategic level, i ve created marketing departments and teams from scratch, built out full go-to-market strategies and advised at a board level. alongside my work, i enjoy contributing to my industry and wider community. i am a regular speaker about marketing and technology at international conferences, including gitlab commit san francisco 2020 and brighton seo 2020.
allexo is a specialist consultancy within the consumer & retail sectors recruiting across marketing, category, insights & commercial. i've spent the past 8 years growing and developing my network of clients and candidates within this space, and have been lucky to partner with a range of amazing businesses, from budding smes to the world's largest bluechip companies. if you're looking to build and develop your teams across these functions, or considering the next step in your career, please feel free to connect or reach out to me directly - +44 203 133 2008 rnelson allexosearch.com
combining marketing, sales, design and content creating skills with a unique interior industry knowledge to equip businesses to increase sales, grow their client databases and capitalize on the opportunities of a tailored online presence in the digital era.
thanks for taking a look at my profile its much appreciated......... marketing has changed forever. your audience is moving away from traditional ways of receiving the information required to make a buying decision. with the explosion of digital channels, social media, email marketing and the web, they are already extremely well informed before a sales conversation begins. at successflow we craft strategies that improve the experience of your brand online by managing the process through the funnel. strategy no one person is the same as the next your digital strategy should therefore be tailored, with the customer journey at its heart. we create strategies that connect you and keep you connected to the people who matter most. marketing with the explosion of digital marketing channels, we ve adopted smart insights race planning framework to help you reach a wider audience, interact to generate leads, convert to win new business and engage to retain and grow. creative content is the lifeblood of marketing. with it, you can create lasting engagements and give your brand a voice online. we re here to help you meet the challenge of the always-on era. technology we know that the best digital strategies don t just stop at the sales door. we ve partnered with leading technology vendors, such as salesforce, pardot, marketo and oktopost, to help you build a digital platform or optimise an existing one. it s only a matter of time before digital disrupts your sector, if it s not doing so already. investing in a strategy for your digital activities is now crucial. don t let your message get lost in the noise. working together, we can put your customer at the heart of a winning digital strategy.
i am an award-winning marketing professional, with a proven track record of implementing innovative digital and traditional marketing strategies and campaigns that transform brand profiles and deliver clearly attributable commercial returns. whatever the budget or team size, my forensic and collaborative approach ensures marketing outcomes are aligned with business and commercial needs. i build, develop and lead teams, enabling and supporting them to deliver whether globally, regionally or locally. skills summary change management and digital marketing transformation outcomes focused marketing marketing strategy marketing attribution brand marketing performance marketing b2b b2c dtc marketing team building non-exec director ma in marketing
dynamic and motivated professional with a diverse 5-year experience in marketing, partner management and operations with a proven record of conceptualizing executing growth campaigns, generating and building relationships, managing projects from concept to completion and leading partnership negotiations.
chris's career spans roles across some of the fastest-growing and most successful direct-to-consumer businesses in the uk and us. over the past 11 years, he's led brand-conscious performance marketing teams at graze.com, hellofresh and harry's, during which time he's overseen two successful international launches. he was also a seed investor at tails.com. three of these companies have since gone on to achieve successful exits 2 strategic acquisitions (graze unilever, tails.com nestle purina) and 1 ipo (hellofresh). chris is currently senior director, direct to consumer at harry's, where he joined as uk employee #2. over the past three years he has overseen the successful d2c launch and subsequent rapid growth of the company in its first international market outside of the us. he has built out world-class performance marketing, creative, digital product and email marketing teams, scaled the customer base at 4x the speed of their us launch, and established a unique approach to growth marketing in a brand-conscious framework. in 2019, harry's launched in boots stores nationwide and is now a leading example of a customer-first data-led omnichannel cpg brand with 50+ employees based in their covent garden office, and a further 300+ in new york. prior to harry's, chris was us director of growth at hellofresh in new york and was employee #15 at graze.com, co-founding the original marketing team and working for the business in both london and new york.
- accelerating linkedin s marketing solutions business in new markets - building partnerships across the world - creating relationships with trust, commitment and transparency - keynote speaker on all the above - advocate for diversity and doing business the right way - sing with london philharmonic choir
i'm a glaswegian living in london, lover of banter, travel and coffee life is an adventure. for now, i'm at home helping businesses attract more clients via my video content & linkedin marketing campaigns . i also run an online linkedin marketing club ( www.linledinbreakfastclub.co.uk ) for uk professionals which is lots of fun (i'm a linkedin addict) how i can help you i have a strong network win more clients create video content for your website & linkedin that draws people to you increase traction with monthly linkedin marketing services, includes content, connecting & engagement create better content with visually linkedin online training increase linkedin engagement by joining linkedin breakfast club about me 20 years experience in sales & marketing 15 years being active on linkedin 7 years of creating professional video content click to connect and message me, to start the conversation professional video content - one off videos or monthly packages www.30secvideo.com linkedin marketing agency - marketing campaigns on linkedin, website coming linkedin breakfast club uk members club for people who are looking to generate more business on http //www.30secvideo.com/lbc linkedin visually - online training to help you create content that converts to customers http //www.30secvideo.com/visualtraining
hi, i'm andy! i help fun teams with big ambitions, from core strategy to getting my hands dirty with growth, product, analytics and code. email or tweet me if you'd like to chat - andy apexa.co.uk / andyy my special power is thinking about tech businesses from 360 , fuelled by my varied experiences as a software engineer, tech architect & cto, product lead, country lead for b2b sales, partnerships & operations, and most recently focusing on overall business success as a technically-minded growth marketer. i excel in a crisis. particularly an identity crisis. mostly i don't excel, i google sheets. an engineer at heart, i started out as a kid creating my own games on a zx spectrum, before early jobs building web apps for e-commerce, real estate and more. while studying computer science at oxford i founded membership management platform groupspaces, and grew it to help thousands of group leaders manage 5 million memberships, raising $2.5m investment along the way. i launched stripe in the uk and ireland, growing our presence from early beta through to the payment platform of choice used by many thousands of companies from startups through major brands. i was ready for promotion to lead 3 countries, but the scottish independence vote didn't go through. the selective tweets app i created for facebook has been used by over 1 million people - i wrote about it here http //bit.ly/selective-tweets-story i've mentored startups at accelerators including seedcamp, techstars, ef, ignite100 and oxygen. i've given talks and led workshops at events such as websummit, south summit, leanconf & producttank. i like building useful things, and using technology to help people. photo credit dan taylor // heisenbergmedia.com
i am passionate about helping companies grow online, particularly relating to companies in disruptive industries and the future of the planet. at inonda, we use our pool of expert knowledge to increase turnover, profitability and brand positioning. inonda will connect you and your business to ceo's, cio's, cto's, directors, vp's, managers, it directors, marketing directors, sales directors, commerical directors, finance directors, and key decision-makers. inonda is a specialist digital marketing consultancy, utilizing the power of linkedin. our team will build your own executive community in your niche business sector like we have done for companies globally. whilst helping companies thrive online i am also a consultant at ecofunders.io. we source and refer socially responsible investments to investors whilst funding the much-needed transition from a carbon-based economy to a renewable one. we look to fund profit and not-for-profit projects, primarily in the uk, but also with a global reach. we provide an introductory service for investors wishing to invest in successful businesses dedicated to renewable clean energy solutions. we will help you invest the right way and help to fund a more sustainable future! uk based green energy bond earn between 9-12% per annum ethical investment opportunity quarterly interest payments asset-backed investment fca regulated bond administrator established and uk based invest from 5,000 no fees see less so whether you want to grow online or looking to invest to make a difference, please have a discussion with me. you can reach me on andy inonda.co.uk or admin ecofunders.io
connected to a large network of company owners and leaders, peter dickinson is an experienced business and digital coach. peter helps companies drive growth and has worked with over 400 companies across a wide range of sectors over many years. having an mba(open) and a it chartered professional with years of experience implementing technology, peter is also a technology & digital marketing specialist. he has helped companies achieve a strategic advantage through the use of technology to deliver far better products or services to their customers whilst stripping out cost. starting with why you do what you do, peter will look at what differentiates what you do from the competition. this is a great source of ideas for doing more of what really benefits your customers and this in turn helps to clarify the marketing message and will drive more profitable sales for key growth. for example, we have supported a metal fabrication business to setup and grow an online shop selling business to business to achieve 180k 2018/2019 and targeted to grow to 250k this year. we also helped the company grow from 1.8m to 3m and supported the secession from father to son. working with the team at kub, peter can take away the pain of running your digital marketing by coordinating all your digital marketing activities or if it makes more sense for your business, help you develop in your own in house capability and then help you bring in specialists to do the more technical specialist roles. if your scoreboard is down, you may want to consider the following services digital marketing coordinator social media management linkedin lead generation content writing video production the structured approach, experience and qualifications means that peter can help your business achieve sustainable high growth. contact details are as followed growth kub-uk.com or call on 0333 050 9053
director & master growth architect at origin growth, a boutique growth marketing agency. we re not your average marketing agency. we challenge traditional approaches. we take time to fully understand how you want to grow, identify opportunities and develop creative approaches that put your customers at the heart of everything we do, to deliver real, tangible benefits. with over 12 years experience helping businesses grow their sales, i m passionate about making a difference to an organisation s sales. i enjoy getting under the skin of our clients to understand their offering, and develop creative, consistence branding and messages to position them in a way that resonates with and reaches their target audience. and, our team works across a wide variety of b2b and b2c clients from sectors including technology, automotive, utilities and finance, from europe, usa, asia and the uk. origin s key specialities include account-based marketing (abm) content marketing inbound marketing social selling branding and creative digital communications to get in touch, contact sud origingrowth.co.uk, or give me a call on 01926 422002.
regional director for the marketing centre - flexible access to part-time proven marketing directors across the uk. it s very simple. great businesses surround themselves with great people. i am one of a team of 90 plus professionals who work as part-time marketing directors within ambitious businesses to provide the skills and experience for the business to achieve outstanding results. i find business owners often feel frustrated they really want the very best marketing expertise in-house but simply can t afford it or find it in their area. they approach a marketing consultant but find they speak an alien language and don t roll their sleeves up and do. so they work with an agency who devise campaigns but never really get under the skin of the business enough to take responsibility for roi. or they hire a marketing junior who takes a scatter-gun approach with no cohesive strategy or plan. it s frustrating! that s why the part-time option works so well. one of the marketing centre s part-time experienced marketing directors works for you as part of your in-house team, has a proven track record of success, works on your entire business across all aspects, talks your language and quite simply gets stuck in to make an impact on your growth. our part-time business model means you get a top-quality proven marketing director for a fraction of the cost to appoint one on a full-time basis. if you d like to find out more get in touch for a chat. i ll listen and ask a few questions, and then you can see whether this might be the solution for your business. typically we work for businesses of 3m+. you can contact me on 07803627503 or ged.leigh themarketingcentre.com or via linkedin or through our website www.themarketingcentre.com | marketing director | cmo | marketing consultant | marketing specialist | director of marketing | sales and marketing director |
accomplished global business executive with passion for leadership and innovation at the intersection of media, marketing, data, content, technology and emerging business models. results-orientated, decisive leader with proven success in recruiting, developing and motivating high performance teams and delivering positive business outcomes. with my refined skill set, i bring customer-centric thinking that enables companies to adapt, innovate, transform and thrive. i care deeply for people. in an era of digital disruption and managing constant change, i always put people and culture first. i excel in dynamic, demanding environments while remaining pragmatic and focused. core competencies - visionary leadership - global strategic alliances - digital media - consultative selling - branded content - integrated marketing communications - partnership marketing - strategic management - customer focused - product management - tactical market planning - reporting & analytics - operational management - stakeholder management - business development - data mining & audience segmentation
experienced pr expert with a demonstrated history of working in the airlines/aviation industry and luxury consumer sector. skilled in consumer pr, media relations, crisis management, crisis communications, event management and brand strategy.
i lead the strategy, transformation, and change recruitment practice at 3search, having set up this practice in 2016. having worked previously as a management consultant with a focus on transformation & change, leading on transformation projects, i bring my previous experience to understand both my client's and my candidate's requirements and provide a tailored experience to both parties. we recruit both contract and permanent roles across the entire transformation lifecycle, recruiting for agencies, consultancies, and also for client-side roles. i am always keen to talk to strategy & transformation professionals who may be interested in moving on to their next challenge, or even those who just want to talk about the transformation marketplace. i can be reached on richard 3search.co.uk
a highly versatile and commercially astute marketing consultant and director at forbidden marketing with a great mix of agency and client-side experience of working in various sectors. my marketing career started at one of the leading b2b marketing agencies, where i got to work with some of the most recognised brands in the world. since then, i ve also gained some great experience in family-owned businesses setting up and building a marketing department, and heavily contributing to the significant growth of the businesses. i love nothing more than a challenge and strive to develop and implement strategies that significantly impact revenue and brand growth. i m a well-rounded marketer with experience across a broad range of marketing areas perfect for helping sme s understand how marketing can help their businesses grow. key experience includes demand generation campaigns, ppc, seo, inbound marketing, social media, marketing automation, crm/sales pipeline implementation and management, budget planning and responsibility, sales enablement, branding, and ecommerce. i also have great experience in pitching, team management and development all while remaining highly commercially focused. i am exposed daily to a wide range of marketing, sales and business challenges, and relish the opportunity to develop and deliver solutions that support significant growth. during my career, i ve worked with amazing brands including microsoft google for work xerox canon hewlett packard (hp) sas capgemini smurfit kappa nokia for those of you who want to explore what is possible through bold marketing ideas and execution, why not get in touch.
my aim is to get you more leads and customers. everything i do has that goal in mind. i provide demand generation, lead nurturing, sales, digital, social media, martech & webinar support, content creation and general marketing support and solutions. focus digital, tech, fintech, finance, cyber security. read one of my case studies for a financial management firm here - https //fyami.com/how-does-a-niche-management-consultancy-fly-to-the-top-of-google-financial-management-case-study-success-story/ shortly after this project they closed a deal with a large travel technology business that turns over more than 5 billion a year. -involved in a start-up that went from 0 to m -helped with microsoft, knowbe4 cyber security & fortinet partner projects. contact me if you d like some ideas. microsoft digital & modern workplace advocate & microsoft cloud sales specialist masters (ma) degree graduate in the creative economy (business) hubspot digital & inbound lead certified mcim status at the chartered institute of marketing advanced level 4 criminology diploma, including cyber security & cyber terrorism. data privacy & data security (dpa, gdpr) trained and certified. project management (itil, prince2) awarded 96% distinction contact me on faye.eldridge live.co.uk faye.eldridge fyami.com
as head of events for the east coast, i strive to connect selected leaders from the worlds largest enterprises through our signature evening gatherings, flagship conferences and our newly established virtual roundtable boardrooms. our events allow our attendees to discuss best practice strategies, collaborate and idea share on crucial industry trends and create new, mutually beneficial connections - with the main goal of helping to aid both personal and professional growth.
in 2015 i founded populate - a specialist social media marketing agency designed to carve a niche in an incredibly competitive and saturated marketing industry. we manage social media feeds for companies/organisations across the globe, curating fantastic content, growing audiences and above all, pushing the brands we work with to the forefront of their industry. our focus is on providing return on investment to all of our clients, something that is often forgotten about in the marketing industry! in 2017 i was lucky enough to win cardiff young business person of the year at the cardiff business awards and prior to this the company was awarded the prestigious spark challenge award in conjunction with santander and cardiff university. for all of your social media needs drop me a line! get in touch on daniel populate.social
client services lead with an excellent track record of creating and executing strategic sales and marketing plans that result in tangible business growth. experienced in technology and the creative industries, specialising in innovating new services, opportunities and income streams for businesses. currently the owner of relationships with technology vendor leaders, working with them to define global growth strategies to increase pipeline and won revenue, and delivering on these with an international team of account managers and business development specialists.
i'm an expert in holiday park sales, marketing and operations. i offer consultancy services to parks to help improve their financial performance. my track record is second to none and my experience means i am able put strategies in place that fit where your business is today and improve it for the future. we train it s the people within it that can make or break your business. we recruit sometimes people s attitudes can t be changed. we market our team have the knowledge and expertise to identify your target market, and reach them with well considered, thought through campaigns. the difference between myself and other consultants is that i have been in your shoes. i ve undertaken most roles on a holiday park and run some of the most prestigious businesses in the sector. jim has a vision and the drive to motivate those around him to push on to achieve ! he has a keen eye for detail and an natural flair for marketing. david little - chief executive at lake district estates i worked as head of f&b in a consultancy role for haulfryn when jim was sales director. he is one of a very few people i got you whom i consider to have extraordinary vision. if i could choose my ideal team, jim would be at the top of the list. stella west-harling mbe - founder & ceo at ashburton cookery school ltd jim and his business is different to most, the reason being, he's been in your shoes, if you are considering the services of annesley gandon, be assured that jim has been in your position and therefore knows exactly what you need and delivers every time leigh rice - head of caravan sales - bourne leisure ltd there are not many people i've come into contact with who have a wider scope of industry knowledge than jim. from a recruitment, sales and marketing perspective, there is a very small number of people i'd turn to, but jim is certainly in that few. paul johnson --director of sales / operations at great blue resorts
are you ready to really take what you're doing to the next level how great would it be to have someone handle almost all aspects of digital for you oversky marketing is revolutionising digital for psychologists, coaches, therapists, and consultants. contact me today to learn more about how we can help at matt overskymarketing.co.uk. 
a fellow of the chartered institute of marketing with a 40 year history of working in the marketing and creative services industry. i help you reach your potential customers create interest in your product or service convert leads into customers and ultimately keep them loyal. services include marketing strategy marketing branding management project management business development advertising graphic design web design photography and video production.
my direct line is 0203 816 0871 my email is andylarkin 3search.co.uk 3search are a specialist recruitment agency focusing on three key principles across the recruitment process - putting the customer first, providing honest and immediate advice and ultimately over delivering to both the candidate and client. i work with both b2c and b2b businesses to deliver the best talent in crm and marketing automation. the types of clients that i work with include retail, gaming, e-commerce, financial services, fintech, saas, edtech, publishing, and other consumer focused sectors. i am a genuine specialist. i only recruit for crm/retention marketing roles on b2c accounts, of marketing automation/operations roles on the b2b side. it means that i have a greater understanding of the market rate on salaries, of the skillset required to do these sorts of roles, and ultimately of what is important to candidates in my space. my approach to recruitment is simple. i only introduce candidates who are relevant to the role, operate on full disclosure, and take a lot of time to understand the requirement of candidate or client alike to ensure it is the right fit. i also would hope that i treat people as i would wish to be treated. andylarkin 3search.co.uk 0203 816 0871
8+ years of product management and software engineering experience at top tech companies including google, microsoft and amazon. focus areas include consumer products, growth, mobile, design, search, structured data, data driven approach, leading cross-functional and cross-location teams.
passionate, results-driven product manager with experience in taking real customer needs and developing products that are backed by strong data insights and scalable for different use-cases as a product manager, my desire is to make someone s life easier or simpler. for me, it s not necessarily the mantra of the customer is always right but doing everything with the customer in mind helps us build great products and businesses. as someone once said, i strongly believe that 'the most lovable products are sweet, simple and scalable' -- hard-skills product management, sdlc understanding, sql, data analysis & user/business research, agile, market research, excel, wireframing, sketching -- soft-skills problem-discovery, detail-oriented, stakeholder & change-management, process-efficiency-mindset, user-first mindset #product strategy #product roadmap #agile development #wireframes #stakeholder management #market research #data analytics #a/b testing
my passions include traveling, transportation and urban development. i believe that being able to move from a to b is a key component of increasing access to opportunity and growth. reach out to me if you think i can be of help in your journey.
banker turned product manager. after a great stint as product head at phonon communications, a leading automation communication company, i am currently working in the product function at zomato. after spending almost a decade in the investment banking industry working in areas such as trading, structuring, risk management, strategy and business development, i finally decided to pursue my passion. as a consumer, i always look at a product and think about all the changes / enhancements that can be done to improve the user experience so venturing into product design was a natural and obvious choice for me. at zomato, i am now using this passion to ensure that we are at the forefront of innovation and bring the best products to our clients.
 product manager at google marketing at sony computer science + mba english + mandarin enjoy public speaking, training and psychology email pkubigjoe gmail.com wechat pkubigjoe3 (when adding, please briefly introduce yourself)
interested in the intersection of tech + economic development w/ experience in india, east africa - currently absorbing best practices in technology in silicon valley. past experience with consulting startups and tech companies in silicon valley and emerging markets, research on innovation systems policy/structures as a method to grow economic productivity, tech applications of emerging and affordable technology to economic development problems
i'm a founder/operator with deep expertise in building and scaling enterprise software (saas) companies. i'm a lifelong learner who's passionate about technology and entrepreneurship. in my free time, i enjoy discovering and analyzing saas companies and investing in exceptional ones.
product manager | user interaction, experience & interface design
professional tinkerer, customer obsessed. love creating products that surprise and delight, detail-oriented, highly-energetic, data-driven, from being inbound product manager to currently working as both inbound and outbound product manager, and helping the large mining companies in digitization. over the past years, i have successfully rolled out the product with customer satisfaction. skills consumer insights, ux/ui design, market segmentation analysis, go-to-market strategy, international & cross-functional leadership, account management, pre-sales, financial modeling/regression analysis.
i enjoy delivering products using deep insights and technology that improve peoples' way of life at scale. delivering delightful and differentiated navigation and pickup experiences from point a -- b which is critical for uber's mission to become a transportation platform of choice. about me - product lead managing a team of product managers across 3 sites. - successfully launched innovative v1 products by driving phased roadmaps and aligning goals with consumers and engineers. - hired, built and retained high performing pm teams comprising of multiple pm archetypes. - proficient in driving product satisfaction higher, analyzing and reducing complex technical problems into simpler solutions. proficiencies customer connection, product planning - vision and strategy, roadmap, prioritization, requirements gathering, agile execution, defining seamless user experience, full stack design and development on big-data, cross-core collaboration and communication.
detail-oriented information systems graduate with 5 years of experience in product management, data analytics, and data visualization. possess strong analytical and communication skills with proficient knowledge of ms excel, tableau, powerbi, sql, ssrs, jira, requirement gathering and analysis, uat, business process model, kpi dashboards, risk management, a/b testing.
a business professional with ~6 years of experience in product development, payments, risk and product management. handled diverse profiles on strategic partnerships, fraud monitoring, regulatory compliance, customer experience, and business analytics. nitish jain is a keen problem solver who is stimulated by challenges. he is alumni of bits pilani (m.sc. tech. in information systems 2008 - 2012) and isb hyderabad (pgp marketing, operations 2018 - 2019).
technology product manager with experience in strategy, finance and product development.
product manager with experience working on enterprise software, cloud computing, and big data.
i am fascinated by the intersection of technology + mobility and its disruptive effects on society. as a problem solver and design thinker by nature, i am passionate about creating meaningful products. throughout my career, i've made things happen by busting through operational hurdles that threaten big ideas from getting off the ground and building genuine relationships. regardless of the adventure, i'm always curious, always thoughtful, and always eager to be challenged. in my career, i have designed and developed both consumer and business products and thrive working on cross-functional teams to ship in a fast-paced, agile environment. i am currently a student at northwestern pursuing a dual-degree from the kellogg school of management and the mccormick school of engineering studying design innovation, organizational culture, operations, and the intersection of business and technology. learn more http //www.anissachen.co/ specialties product management, product development, wireframing, ui/ux design, prototyping, ethnographic research, user testing, api integrations, partnerships, go-to-market strategy and execution, international strategy, business development, relationship management, innovation management, remote teams, international teams, project management, agile, customer lifecycle, product roadmaps, business requirements, data analytics, cross-platform development, scrum master, customer survey, data analysis, tableau
a passionate learner, data scientist, mathematician and entrepreneurial enthusiast with over 5 years of complimentary experience in data analytics, abuse fighting, risk management and machine learning models across internet and financial sectors. i am passionate about digital technologies, analytics, fraud and abuse, statistical insights and advising/partnering visionary entrepreneurs and analytics companies. specialities digital and web analytics social, mobile and online financial and data machine learning models anti-abuse technology web and financial (credit cards) venture capital, consulting and advising project management, stakeholder management and entrepreneurship investment opportunities, equity research, probability and statistics, algorithms, data structures and data bases experience google cloud google ( maps, youtube, gmail, groups) american express also, have the stint experiences with ibm research, india research labs, new delhi microsoft research, uk-inria france epfl, switzerland university of western ontario, canada
passionate about the intersection of product and culture. i take pride in creating global products that resonate with local cultures and communities.
leila lives at the intersection of tech and human capital. after launching her career as an operations team leader at an industrial firm, she joined the human capital management division at goldman sachs where she built firm-wide initiatives for talent, equity, and inclusion. she is currently a product manager for hugo, an early-stage startup that is building the future of work in africa, and fellow at harlem capital, a new york-based early-stage venture capital firm. separately, leila is the founder of the lmc coaching group, a career coaching practice (leilameliani.com). leila earned her mba from harvard business school where she focused on technology and general management. she earned her bachelor s degree in english from howard university. when she isn t working, leila is feeding her passion for art and culture constantly looking for more space on the wall to hang a new piece!
learning to build products.
accomplished enthusiast product manager with five years of experience in delivering customer facing products to the market. skilled in product management field with leadership quality to drive products with multiple strategies, product roadmap, feature definitions for products and managing releases.
a global em macro economist/strategist with a strong track record of generating successful trading ideas, experience of macromodelling and genuine passion for macroeconomics and financial markets. solely responsible for the coverage of 15+ main emerging markets (in asia, latam and europe) in a leading multi-billion hedge fund. strong understanding of practical and theoretical macroeconomics.
senior economist with noteworthy expertise, knowledge and specialization in global macroeconomics matters and financial markets. outstanding quantitative skills supported by high academic achievements at the london school of economics, pompeu fabra university and the university of costa rica. more than ten years of research and policy analysis on economic and financial matters at the world bank, the international monetary fund, and the inter-american development bank. exceptional demonstrated background using econometric tools and financial analysis methods. experience in economic forecasting, fiscal and monetary policy studies, mathematical programming and modeling, data management and analysis. fluent in english and spanish.
armada was founded in conjunction with my partner - keith prather - in 2000. armada is half think tank and half strategy office. we provide economic forecasts, industry anaysis, corporate intelligence and market assessment for clients in a variety of industries. clients include yrc freight, transystems, echo logistics, c-biz, rubin brown, fabricators and manufacturers association, national association of credit management, bkd, missouri society of cpas, kentucky society of cpas, tennessee society of cpas and a variety of others. we write, edit and publish a variety of publications. these include the armada executive intelligence brief, (subscription based), business intelligence briefs (distributed through chambers of commerce and other business organizations), fabrinomics (distributed through the fma), and several daily internal publications for clients. i am a frequent speaker on economic issues in the us and globally. i have spoken to conferences devoted to manufacturing, logistics, finance, credit, retail, accounting and many others. i have also given many talks for corporate events. in the last year i have given over 150 presentations in the us and overseas. i am also a commentator for the local and national media. i write for a variety of trade publications as well specialties corporate and competitive intelligence, strategy development, international market analysis and market development, economic trending
personal brand capable of delivering a professional and personal product suite to match clients specific and particular needs. notable qualities - experienced 14 years in client-facing financial services roles - established us/canada economist - client focused and attentive - proficient in engaging in client interactions of any size - media and presentation savvy - quantitative and analytical - literate/prolific writer (publications, presentations) - flexible, erudite, personable
being linkedin's economist has been an amazing opportunity to move the needle on two of my passions understanding what is going on in the labor market, and helping ensure that that 'what' is harnessed to benefit the billions of people who rely on the labor market to make better lives for themselves. in my role on the economic graph team, i look at linkedin's treasure trove of data to tease out trends and patterns that often can't be found or measured elsewhere. whether it's measuring skills gaps or noticing which economic characteristics make a city unique, there are many interesting stories to tell. if you want to read or hear those stories, stay tuned!
lester is an economist at deloitte with more than 8 years of experience. in his role as an economist he provides frequent macroeconomic briefings to senior firm leaders and has authored more than 40 economic research publications across geographies and themes. lester has an early grounding in market research and business development. outside core work, he is an active contributor to shaping and implementing strategic firm initiatives. lester served on deloitte s management advisory council and was focused on bridging capabilities between deloitte s key business verticals. he is also an avid sportsman.
ali wolf is the chief economist for meyers research. as head of the economics department, ali manages and analyzes the content for zonda, provides data analytics, runs special research projects, and does presentations across the country on topics spanning both the housing market and the wider economy. ali has focused a lot of her career on understanding prior recessions and led the charge on millennials discussing millennials in the homebuilding space.
economist with solid background in microeconomic theories, and research experience in applied economic issues. advanced skills in economics analysis and statistical modeling.
economist in prime pantry at amazon.com
behavioral economist with a experience in academic and industry research. skilled in data analysis, causal inference and experimentation.
i'm a data scientist / urban economist that loves to use r shiny to automate business processes, create interactive maps, and leverage public data to model urban & health phenomenon. github.com/cr-mercado key skills r shiny data visualization (r, power bi, adobe illustrator) gis (qgis, arcgis) machine learning natural language processing (nlp)
analysis insight investment allen sukholitsky, cfa is founder and chief macro strategist at xallarap advisory, an investment research firm specializing in macroeconomic analysis and investment strategy for sophisticated investors. prior to founding xallarap advisory, allen was senior market strategist at goldman sachs asset management, focused on economic and market strategy, advanced portfolio construction techniques, and investment implementation. prior to joining goldman sachs, he worked in private banking as an investment counselor responsible for asset allocation and manager selection for ultra-high net worth clients. allen received a b.a. in economics and political science from columbia university and holds the chartered financial analyst (cfa) designation. technical expertise investment strategy, economic research, portfolio management client base portfolio managers, financial advisors, ultra high net worth (uhnw), retail investors financial services investment management, asset management, wealth management, private banking
economist with 4+ years of experience at a global macro hedge fund, specialising in european economies. passionate about addressing challenging questions using economics, and bridging my analysis into implications for nancial markets.
john ashcroft phd, bsc(econ) frsa, cbim. i specialise in economics, strategy and financial markets. i work with professional firms, large corporates and smes. our client list includes brabners, allied london, equilibrium asset management and duff & phelps. in financial markets, i work with etoro and ig tv. our flagship product 'the saturday economist', is my weekly update on the uk and world economy. i work with companies as chair, ned, or advisor, developing strategies for success in an age of rapid change. in november last year we were in moscow as a guest of gazprom leasing, presenting at their annual strategy conference on 'meeting the challenge of digital disruption'. publications include case studies on apple, lego, twitter and yahoo. i am a fellow of the royal society of arts, a companion of the british institute of management and a member of the society of business economists. i have a phd in economics. i have been involved in business for almost fifty years. i have extensive executive & non executive director experience of sme and large businesses in the uk and internationally. i have worked in family owned, institutionally owned, public and private companies. i have worked in corporate finance and corporate development, creating models and profiles for acquisition targets. i have led on over 50 corporate finance transactions. i have worked with first boston, bain & co, samuel montagu, goldman sachs and many more. i have experience of public and private sectors, i have served on the board of marketing manchester, the agma business leadership council, the council of manchester business school, the board of inward, the president's council of business in the community and the president's council of the cbi. i was founding chairman of the north west business leadership team, a granada telethon trustee and a school governor. i was chief economist gm chamber of commerce 2013 - 2015. specialties economics, strategy, financial markets, digital disruption, international relations, business modelling, financial modelling, exchange rates, interest rates, business management, business strategy, corporate governance, funding, managing growth and scale up.
economist/analyst with strong analytical skills, knowledge of economic principles, and experience in conducting research, analyzing complex datasets, and developing econometric models.
product leader working at the intersection of media and technology.
specialties bloomberg, ms excel/word/powerpoint, eviews
i have worked as an economist in both research and consulting environment, covering a number of areas such as employment, infrastructure development, indian economy, international trade, global value chains, and industrialization. i m a ph.d. graduate from indira gandhi institute of development research (igidr), a premier economic research institute established by the reserve bank of india. as an academician, i have been a part of various research projects which has given me hands-on experience in analyzing policy related issues. i m also experienced in applying advanced econometric and data analysis tools. i m familiar with large panel data and the computational issues associated with it. i was assigned projects that capitalized on my data management skills, further strengthening them in the process.
experienced chief economist with a demonstrated history of working in the accounting industry. skilled in economic research, fixed income, foreign exchange (fx) options, econometrics, and macroeconomics & economic policy. co-founder of the award winning bloomberg economic brief. co-designer of the rsm middle market business index & the rsm iep program. strong finance professional that completed all but his dissertation requirement in pursuit of a doctoral degree in political economy & public policy from university of southern california.
phd economist with over 10 years of analytical experience in professional and academic settings. expertise combining data with economic models to answer varied research and strategy questions. additional experience with management, product analytics, and data science. passionate about all things economics, technology, and health care.
15+ year economic track record advising senior public (esp. ministries of finance) and private sector executives worldwide. advanced economies, emerging europe, middle east, africa, latin america, and asia regional focus. my expertise includes advice and negotiation on macro-fiscal policy, economic development & competitiveness, energy, labor market, social assistance, pensions, health, education, and financial analysis. keywords economic policy, economist, reforms, developing countries, developed countries, emerging markets, complex analysis, client engagement, fiscal policy, technical assistance, political economy, microeconomics, economic growth, competitiveness, technical lead, world bank, un, imf, federal reserve, investment banking, financial analysis.
experienced economic analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the consulting industry. skilled in data programming using r. experienced in healthcare, telecom, banking, oil & gas and power sectors. strong economics professional with a master of science degree from lse.
resourceful economic and public sector management specialist offering progressive international experience directing large, complex economic development projects. excel at conducting research, developing strategy, and implementing programs that balance needs with requirements. able to grasp the big picture, focus on critical details, and manage multiple priorities. self-directed leader who can work effectively with multi-cultural, cross-functional teams. committed to adding value and exceeding expectations through collaborative problem solving and disciplined decision-making. possess fluent languages skills in french, creole, and english proficient in spanish. - experienced with country programming, project and program design, monitoring/evaluation, training and knowledge management
applied economist proficient in structural economic modeling and statistical inference techniques. expertise in financial markets, monetary policy, and macroeconomics. expertise in quantitative economic modeling (e.g. dynamic general equilibrium models) and the associated numerical methods (e.g. monte carlo methods, dynamic programming, global function approximation). experienced with statistical modeling techniques, such as time series analysis (arima, var, vecm, state-space models), panel data regression (fixed-effects, random-effects, iv estimation), and bayesian methods (hmm, em algorithm, mcmc). hands-on experience with python and matlab for numerical computation and data analysis. experience with parallel computing and scraping large datasets using python. enthusiastic about machine learning techniques and building automatic systems for data analysis. open to immediate employment for quant research, data scientist, or economist roles. authorized to work in the us for any employer. feel free to contact me at hanyangjue gmail.com.
i am a driven first-class-with-honours graduate with a demonstrated passion for economic research and the finance industry. i am currently working as an economist at hm treasury, specifically in the 'gdp and inflation' team. this role has provided me with a variety of opportunities to explore my interest into the uk's economy and further develop skills in stata, eviews, excel, & bloomberg. since starting the role in september 2019, i have provided macroeconomic advice to the chancellor during the 2020 budget before going on to provide further advice on economic policies during the coronavirus pandemic. in order to further explore my interest in finance through independent learning, i am currently taking a number of online courses such as 'the complete investment banking course', 'python for finance investment fundamentals & data analytics' and 'an introduction to accounting, finance, modelling and valuation'.
i am a graduate student at the economics department (and was one at the statistics department) at stanford. i study topics in the realm of causal inference, econometrics, machine learning, and social networks. i am advised by susan athey and guido imbens. send me a message if you'd like to chat!
experienced quantitative researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the investment management industry. skilled in python, machine learning, natural language processing, and deep learning. strong finance professional with a doctor of philosophy (ph.d.) in finance and master of science (m.s.) in computer science.
founder of two social ventures - forte (a new way to finance reskilling for workers who have lost their jobs - at no cost to individuals or governments) - 180 degrees (the world's largest consultancy for non-profits & social enterprises) general awards - rhodes scholar - forbes 30 under 30 - only ever two-time global winner, st gallen wings of excellence award (1/949 contestants in 2017 & 1/1208 contestants in 2018) - goldman sachs global leader - asia 21 young leader - convocation medal for best all-rounder at sydney uni (1/33,000) - world economic forum global shaper (chosen to attend davos) - australian young achiever of the year (state winner) - oxford vice-chancellor's social impact award - dean's undergraduate scholar at sydney uni - st gallen leader of tomorrow - australian of the year finalist - chinese lions humanitarian award - lions youth of the year state winner entrepreneurship - sa d prize for top oxford mba student - taught postgraduate course 'innovation, strategy and global business' - winner, european vc investment competition - winner, challenge future social innovation award (1/552 entries) academic - phd at oxford (awarded with 'no corrections') - visiting fellow at princeton - top oxford mba student - best performance in development economics at oxford - university medal (top academic award) at sydney uni - straight high distinctions (gpa 4.0) with 93.44/100 average at sydney uni - top economics/business student in '07 (1/3888 students) and '09 (1/4001) - barker college dux of year from '00-'06 uai/atar 99.80 (top 0.2%) sports - swam english channel with friends - challenge roth full ironman triathlon communication - highest scoring speech at world debating championships (1/7200 speeches) - oxford a debating team - two-time world top 20 debater - two-time world public speaking grand finalist other - world vision youth ambassador (built a school in mozambique and orphanage in thailand) tedx talks 
experienced health economics and outcomes researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting, biotech, pharmaceutical, and academic industries to deliver heor and access marketing strategies and tactics. demonstrated excellence in achieving business objectives by providing strategic guidance, robust evidence development, and cross-functional collaboration to optimize patient access and product value.
*trilingual economist/ political analyst passionate about how politics move markets. 3 years+ experience *strong communicator with experience presenting to a senior and diverse audience. accustomed to working with different cultures and across business functions. lived and worked in vietnam, the u.s., germany, france and england.
career economist with passion for closely covering all aspects of the us economy. proven track record for accurately forecasting & nailing inflection points with a substantial 3 - 6 month lead versus consensus. importantly, provide a broader framework for investors that involves comprehensive analysis of economic sectors including the consumer, housing, inflation, non-res, manufacturing, etc. efforts are proprietary with little reliance on street economists or traditional macro models still widely used by mainstream forecasters. well-tuned pulse on the economy starting with a forecast, realization of new information & unbiased interpretation of results that in turn is placed in a bigger picture, relatable context. provide out of the box analysis that quickly adapts to evolving economic developments. can help bridge financial market perceptions of the economy with actual underlying trends - often the two differ creating trading opportunities. have mastered the art of effective real-time communication with senior-most investors. easily assessable to a broad-based audience & enjoy regular, mutually beneficial interaction with constituents. independent, seasoned worker with little need of guidance. thrive at a l/s or macro shop that must respect & incorporate coverage of us economic news flow into their day-to-day investment strategy. summary practice is highly differentiated to the benefit of those looking to make better informed trading decisions be well prepared & ahead of the curve for near-term potential catalysts gain a better understanding of on-the-ground economic developments placed into a broader framework complement the firms current practice while broadening it's scope to incorporate macro. you bring me in to help you trade better. i love what i do. and no one else does it.
i have more than 10 years of experience in business research and analysis. i have had the opportunity to work in macro-economics, financial market analysis, industrial research, and consumer insight analysis. worked as an economic consultant for the economic think tank of aditya birla group (a large multinational conglomerate) and for management consulting firms such as accenture. gained expertise in analyzing the impact of economic events on financial markets and presenting an outlook. published reports on various sectors, countries and topical issues. worked closely with top management i.e. business heads, and cfos, to aid them in making key business decisions. in my last job, i was responsible for providing research-based inputs which are key in formulating business strategy tracking important developments in the global economy and assessing the impact on the business projecting economic parameters such as growth, inflation, interest rates, and exchange rates writing reports on issues critical for current financial market conditions, such as the impact of us fed policy on developed as well as emerging markets providing critical inputs for annual budgets, hedging foreign exchange risk, treasury allocations and project feasibility country risk analysis for various economies which were potential destinations for investment or of interest to the business writing representations to industry associations or government ministries to advocate a change in public policy in 2011, (while at accenture) i worked on a project with one of usa's mobile network operator and was based out of kansas city for six months. the project, which was aimed at retaining telecom customers for the firm, and gave me hands-on experience of working for a us business. #macroeconomics, #financial markets
finance professional with strong analytical, stakeholder management & problem solving skills and diverse experience in the energy sector. proficient in investment evaluation, corporate finance, financial planning & analysis, business finance partnering and performance management.
jack is an economist at simetrica-jacobs, a research consultancy specialising in impact assessment and wellbeing analysis. simetrica-jacobs is part-owned by jacobs, one of the largest engineering and professional services companies in the world, and has contributed to internationally-endorsed economic guidance including hm treasury's green book and for the oecd. jack holds an economics msc with distinction from university college london (ucl). prior to this jack was a senior associate in pwc's management consulting practice. before joining pwc in september 2015, jack was at cambridge university where he completed the economics tripos before doing a year of management studies at the cambridge judge business school.
economist and author. working to try and remove the jargon from economics. i post personal thoughts on economic issues on linkedin, either as brief written articles or as short videos. i firmly believe that everyone can and should understand economics - we all make economic decisions all of the time. the problem is that the economics profession has not been good at communicating. specialties inflation, global capital flows, income inequality in oecd economies, economic change and environmental sustainability, education and economics, and the consequences of prejudice for macro and micro economics. https //www.youtube.com/channel/uc_37bvdoukegvgfwuojnqnq find my ubs work at www.ubs.com/pauldonovan
economist currently working at the customer behavior analytics team at amazon where we combine elements of machine learning and causal inference to support the company's decision making process.
with 9+ years of post mba experience, christie hatges is analytical and performance-driven. she has experience working in the areas of private equity, investment banking (on both the sell-side and buy-side for small private and large billion dollar companies) and in-house corporate finance. holding both a bsc with a double major in neuroscience and biology and an mba, christie is adept at developing financial models, investment strategies and asset valuations to optimize a companies capital stack and execute strategic financial investment decisions. prior to joining fastpay, christie was a senior associate at focalpoint and fbr and an associate vice president at barclays in the global healthcare investment banking group. prior to becoming an investment banker christie was an associate in the business origination & execution group at dri capital (a private equity firm with over $3.5 billion aum) and has experience in operations improvement consulting and tax.
joining the laedc as a research analyst in 2017, i have since been promoted to the role of associate economist through a highly regarded research capacity for extensive collaboration with other laedc departments and a record of leadership within the organization. in addition to an extensive regional research background, especially in the context of the annual laedc economic forecast, my time at the laedc has involved multiple instances of research leadership and project management. in particular, i managed and led the creation of the last two los angeles county economic scorecards, overseeing data acquisition, document design, editing and coordination with our county ceo collaborators. i am currently research lead for our work concerning foreign direct investment and international trade, having led the successful completion of country reports for the consulate general of canada and the hong kong trade and development council. moreover, i revived the institute for applied economics role in producing world trade center la s annual foreign direct investment report. since most of our research revolves around economic impacts of selected industries, i have extensive experience with implan. additionally, i am currently the sole user of remi at the laedc and have used the model to perform analyses concerning topics as various natural disasters, labor disruptions, government shutdowns and tax changes. i also used remi extensively for transportation demand analyses for a report concerning metrolink s southern california optimized rail expansion (score), a project which i also led and which ultimately resulted in a presentation to the metrolink board of directors in december 2019. thank you for visiting my linkedin profile and feel free to connect.
i am an applied microeconomist working at amazon. i specialize in interpretable econometrics models (others may call it machine learning) for impact evaluation.
extensive work experience primarily in domain of health economic modeling. experienced in developing diverse health economic models such as decision tree, markov, patient level simulation and discrete event simulation. developed modes for different phase of drug development including early models, global model, submission model for health technology assessments (htas). worked on model adaptations to suit local country requirements. proficient in use of excel/vba along with working knowledge of matlab, r and sas. worked in both industry and consultancy environment as part of wider global teams.
i am a multilingual data scientist trained in economics who continually seeks to understand and predict how a program, product or policy shapes the behavior of individuals. i enjoy generating and supporting analysis that aims to uncover underlying data patterns and improve people's quality of life. my experience includes research and survey design, causal analysis (econometrics), prediction (machine learning), production of manuscripts, project management, teaching, and business acumen. my former supervisors and colleagues would describe me as highly organized, determined and detailed oriented individual with sharp analytical, interpersonal and communication skills. in sum, your company will benefit from my experience employing stata, python, mysql developing and implementing machine learning algorithms (k-nn, pca, svm, etc). executing econometric models (psm, did, iv, rct, etc.) producing and delivering data briefs to senior managers, donors, and program recipients. ability to quickly learn new software (self-taught latex, python).
dr. ning lin is a respected energy industry economist with extensive credentials validated by her direct contribution to assets and profitability of several global businesses. before founding morning inc, dr. lin managed global market analysis capabilities for shell trading, koch industries, and tenaska. her experience in both the chemical and energy industries ranges from natural gas and power to petrochemical derivatives, intermediate chemicals and polymer, fiber, and engineering plastics. both a skilled manager and analyst, she has built and managed multiple successful teams and projects. dr. lin has successfully executed a variety of commercial development projects and established local partnerships in overseas regions, including capital investment, technology licensing, market development and product innovations. as a natural thought leader, dr. lin brings unique value to her customers by analyzing their businesses, assets, and capabilities against expert insights of markets, identifying profitable opportunities, formulating actionable strategies that align with company s vision. she is passionate about helping businesses to turn the ideas and visions into profitable reality. morningbryn mawr 
experienced health economist with a demonstrated history of working in the research industry. skilled in statistical data analysis, epidemiology, and quantitative sociology.
experienced economist with a demonstrated history of working in the banking and the higher education industry. skilled in programming and economic research. strong professional with a doctor of philosophy (ph.d.) focused in econometrics and quantitative economics from queen mary, u. of london.
global-minded health economist passionate about applying quantitative and qualitative research methods to tackle business and public policy challenges. proven track record in generating rigorous scientific evidence to inform public health policy and support commercialization of new products for pharmaceutical companies. demonstrated strengths in research methods, strategic business thinking, and multiparty communication.
a senior economics scholar and practitioner of economics and public policy, committed to genuine and sustainable economic development, poverty alleviation, and improving global health postures in a world increasingly less violent and more focused on common global challenges environmental preservation, renewable energy sources, global health policy and health systems strengthening, gender economics and gender policy, inclusive macroeconomic and fiscal planning with intergenerational concerns and responsibilities, and reforms of donors' policies and methods to enhance impact of international development on global communities, with crosscutting focus on vulnerable and displaced groups.
i am an applied economist working on a wide range of topics including general and partial equilibrium modelling, agricultural and environmental economics, climate change adaptation and mitigation, local economic development, gis and spatial statistics, spatial econometrics, precision agriculture, big data, and machine learning.
welcome to my linkedin profile! my name is mariefi and i am an economist at financial reporting council. currently, i am applying my diverse economics skills in the financial sector. i am a highly motivated economist with experience and knowledge on economic appraisal, research, regulation and policy in the financial sector. strong quantitative and qualitative analytical skills. a great interest on stakeholder engagement, with strong interpersonal skills. well-organized and multitasking person, initiating and managing multiple projects within strict deadlines. passionate about embracing diversity. ability to adapt and respond to changing work environments. passionate about diversity issues, technology and climate change issues other interests travelling, practicing yoga & playing football please feel free to contact me here.
 solid background in economic theory, econometrics, math, and machine learning strong coding skills and experience with sas, python, r, sql, c/c++, and matlab reliable team member with excellent presentation, communication, and analytical skills
macroeconomics, economic policy, development, economic modeling.
#globalmacro #financialstability #emasia #chineseeconomy #fintech #shadowbanking #financialinclusion #financialinnovation
lbs mim & ucl economics | experience across investment management, investment banking & technology
it has always been my goal to build a rewarding career in one of the world's global cities. in 2013 i made this a reality when i moved from calgary, canada to accept a role at cnooc international's office in london, uk. since then i've held two rewarding and challenging roles within sp&p (strategy, portfolio & planning) function & economics function, servicing the upstream and downstream businesses for the europe & africa divisions. my career is about enjoying the journey & achieving the goals i set along the way. in 2018 i began a master's program at london business school (lbs), completing in 2020. networking, collaborating and competing with some of london's brightest business minds, has allowed me to strengthen such skills as lbo & financial modelling, investment modelling, negotiations, creative idea pitching & presenting, investment portfolio optimisation & strategic planning. my current aspiration is to engage with key internal and external stakeholders in sourcing, modelling & negotiating new investment / asset opportunities, as part of my role. i'm always looking to expand my network j.m.jeffery24 gmail.com
a competent professional with an experience of 8.5 years in the areas of - marketing communications - brand management - brand creation - strategic planning - market research - digital marketing - consumer insights - csr - advertising & pr - presentation skill - web analysis - b2b - influencer marketing - social media marketing - framework analysis - ux understanding - content marketing - integrated marketing
experienced senior marketing communications manager with a demonstrated history of working in the health wellness and fitness industry. skilled in crisis communications, media relations, corporate communications, market research, and management. strong marketing professional with a p. g diploma focused in mass communication/media studies from ymca.
results-driven marketing professional with 20+ years experience in developing, executing and measuring results of integrated marketing programs. experience & strengths planning and executing multi-channel marketing campaigns & events- drive marketing projects from concept to completion manage a multitude of complex, concurrent marketing initiatives with hundreds of related tactics, deadlines, external vendor contacts, and outsourced services while maintaining the highest level of quality and delivering desired results on time and within allocated budget. content & collateral development skilled technical and strategic marketing content writer and graphics designer for a variety of digital and printed collateral (emails, blogs, video, digital content, client case studies). client engagement/marketing automation - experience introducing and integrating marketing platforms (oracle eloqua, marketo & pardot) for client engagement & lead generation. ability to produce all campaign assets graphics, emails, forms, landing pages, lead alerts, etc. management - ability to lead staff with a mentoring/coaching style which encourages skill attainment and continuous learning. ability to work with all levels of management, technical, and administrative staff with a positive attitude that invites collaboration and mutual respect. channel partner relations & co-marketing activities - collaborate with vendor partners and distributors on channel partner marketing campaign strategies and tactics. create co-marketing plans to fund 95+% of marketing efforts. event management highly experienced in live and online event planning of all types, topics, and venues including conferences, tradeshows, seminars, executive meetings, employee reward trips, team building events, webinars, podcasts. excellent computer software/app skills ms office 365, adobe creative cloud (illustrator, indesign, photoshop), marketing automation (oracle, marketo, pardot), event management (cvent & regonline), social media, google adwords/analytics, crm/databases (salesforce & connectwise), enterprise/collaborative sap and sharepoint.
experienced public relations professional with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services, tv measurement & other industries,. skilled in brand building, reputation management, corporate communications and management. strong media and communication professional with an advanced program in digital marketing focused in digital communication and media/multimedia from dmti india.
experienced marketing and communications professional with a demonstrated history of working in the professional services industry. skilled in adobe creative suite, microsoft office, social media channels, technical communications, developing value propositions, writing for leadership and developing compelling content. ambitious professional currently pursuing a master's degree in communication management with a focus in marketing communications at the university of denver.
i lead efforts in achieving your goals and vision using public relations, advertising and marketing expertise while also applying hard work, accuracy, efficiency and a positive attitude to every task.
 12+ years financial services industry experience project leadership excellence data visualization expertise combining a progressive career record, undefeatable industry dedication, and the proven ability to envision and execute strategic global marketing initiatives that propel increased brand awareness and market share expansion i m driven to take on challenging projects and create winning promotional collateral. attentive in applying impeccable writing, design, and content creation skills, i consistently deliver clear and persuasive messaging that presents and positions brands for market success. enthusiastic about studying market and business intelligence, i m methodical and detail-focused in analyzing, interpreting, and transforming complex data into easy-to-understand charts, graphs, and presentations. proactive in making new connections, i like to reach out and cultivate beneficial relationships and productive alliances. a process-oriented planner and manager, i excel at liaising across key stakeholders and collaborating with multidisciplinary resources to prioritize and balance multiple projects establish and monitor timelines and produce high-quality, on-time, brand-aligned deliverables in fast-moving, deadline-driven environments. committed to maintaining quality standards, upholding compliance guidelines, and optimizing promotion efforts, marketing operations, and the sales cycle i continually advance and improve processes and efficiencies. *specialties strategy development | innovative marketing approaches | market research | data analysis & insights design excellence | integrated marketing campaign components | omnichannel outlets | brand management | team leadership | cross-functional collaboration | performance analysis & campaign improvements
hard-worker, detail-oriented and enthusiastic professional. able to manage big projects and large working team. strong communication and organization skills, deep knowledge of media and animation industry and many other interests. tech-savvy and a quick learner.
i am an engaging leader driven to motivate and inspire cross-functional teams to action and superior results through clear processes, well- defined expectations and communication.
i started my professional journey as a direct marketing executive with p&g and then moved to frontline sales at radisson & the oberoi. marketing communication & public relations roles furthered the graph at max healthcare and finally i transitioned to brand & marketing leadership position at fortis healthcare. my strengths lie in strategic brand management, using consumer insights, product development & innovations, integrated marketing communications, digital transformation, social media management, public relations and image management. developing team as well as functional capabilities to fuel growth and re-engineering systems, processes towards customer-centricity drive me. i follow a hands-on execution driven method of brand building. i am experienced in managing team dynamics, collaborating with cross-functional resources and leveraging external agencies for achievement of business goals. complex business challenges interest me and i perform well under pressure. a strong work-ethic, people-insights, interpersonal communication and relationship management help me overcome professional hurdles. i believe, firmly, in a higher purpose of existence beyond business performance. lending a voice and scale to socially relevant causes is something am most passionate about. in 2011, i made it to campaign india s a list of media, advertising and marketing professionals. health biz india magazine in its third anniversary issue profiled me as one of the six future game-changers of healthcare, in 2014 nominated as a popular digital marketer in iamai & moneycontrol s digital marketer award 2018. specialties brand-building / branding, communication skills, atl & btl advertising, digital marketing, social media, orm, crisis containment & communication, outreach contact programmes, innovative communication tools development, corporate communications, public relations, event conception, management and execution.
seasoned marketing and communications professional with an extensive understanding and experience across luxury, hospitality and lifestyle brands. i have had the opportunity to work across a plethora of brands, ranging from globally established brands to domestic brands which are trying to make a foothold in the market.
for more than 15 years, i have been leading marketing and communication teams and driving organizational excellence. often called upon to re-energize or reorganize teams to improve performance and engagement. values-based leader who helps teams answer the question why am i here today data geek who loves to dive in to assist in developing and executing highly successful marketing, communications and business development programs to drive growth and profitability. leadership and life transition coach consultant b2c and b2b marketing traditional and digital advertising brand development seo crm product marketing media relations strategic planning marketing analytics internal and external communications programs seo optimization social media strategy crisis communications employee engagement copy writing vendor management - project management please view some project samples posted in my profile.
marketing communications leader with more than 16-years of experience in campaign content and messaging, brand strategy, industry trade shows, social media, and executive communications for global enterprises. specialties brand strategy and governance corporate messaging and content event marketing social media marketing creative strategy integrated marketing campaigns
my job is to diminish the arguably biggest gap known to mankind. the one between a thought and an act. to do that, i create desire, and convert it into action. i couldn't have resonated more to these words of david ogilvy, 'when aeschines spoke, they said, 'how well he speaks' , but when demosthenes spoke, they said 'let us march against philip'. this, according to me, elucidates the fundamentals of effective brand conversations. i am a brand conversationalist, a new media evangelist and an integration addict who believes in creating substantially effective conversations between a brand and its consumer. in my work record, i am a brand marketing & communications manager having worked on some of the iconic brands like samsung (consumer electronics & consumer durable), p&g (fmcg/personal care), airtel (telecom), everest (building solutions), greenlam (building materials) and other categories like consumer lighting, sports and healthcare. i specialize in crafting effective brand-consumer engagements, conversations, by orchestrating all relevant marketing and communication tools across consumer touch points to create a brand marketing and communications consortium.
i m a millennial strategic communications professional. every day i apply my background in digital and traditional marketing, public relations, editing,copy writing and events management to create and carry out effective marketing inbound strategies to help companies connect with the right people at the right time in order to drive sales. creative, keen to learn, persevering and fluent in english as well as in french, i'm open to all new ideas and offers also ready to work in an international and multicultural environment! more than an experience, i am looking for the once in a lifetime opportunity in a job of course but also in a team where i can give my best. skills communication, pr, events management, digital marketing ( inbound marketing, seo, cms, social media marketing)
creative and passionate marketing manager with extensive experience of international and national marketing and brand management, media planning and advertising, content marketing and communication, digital strategy and social media, and data analysis and roi performance tracking. i am at my best inspiring and partnering with multi-cultural teams to deliver exceptional results locally and globally. i thrive in a highly collaborative environment through leading strategic and creative initiatives to meet organisational targets and objectives.
marketing professional with over 12 years of experience across different industries (food and beverage, home care products, white goods and payment technologies) with strong focus on social media and sport sponsorships. lived in 4 countries and always worked on power brands like coca cola and visa.
with more than 10 years of experience in across a variety of roles in marketing & advertising businesses, i have developed solid skills across strategic planning, team management, creative development, marketing activation, crm and sales promotion. confident team manager and commercially astute, i have the skill set to provide creative and innovative forward-thinking leadership across teams and geographies (emea, north africa, apac). i have expertise in ecommerce, fmcg, luxury, travel, having working for some of the world s largest brands, such as photobox, johnson and johnson, accenture or nokia, dior, selfridges, amazon, tui, etc.
experienced sales and marketing communication professional with a demonstrated history of working in the consumer goods industry. skilled in people and team management with a master of business administration (m.b.a.) focused in marketing & strategy from indian school of business.
as a dedicated, strategically astute international marketing leader with extensive experience driving commercial growth and performance for major brands, i combine an analytical, innovative and creative approach to marketing strategy underpinned by a comprehensive marketing toolkit and sharp entrepreneurial instincts. after beginning my career with ad sales, pr, account management and marketing project management roles at top-tier international agencies in poland, i moved to amc networks international in london. over the course of six years of consistently expanding accountability, i headed high-impact 360 marketing strategies that drove success of major tv channels on some of the biggest global tv platforms. career highlights include leading a major pr launch campaign for a new tv platform at grayling, turning around a major at-risk client and leading a major channel rebrand at young & rubicam, as well as building profitable relationships with major jvs and affiliate partnerships at amc. with experience spanning the end-to-end 360 marketing mix, my strengths range from creating innovative concepts through market analysis, segment penetration, event management, launch strategies and delivery of high-impact cross-channel campaigns. my core strength includes empowering clients, colleagues, partner teams through effective entrepreneurial decision-making and adaptable problem resolution, underpinned by a combination of creative and analytical skills. i am adept at communicating with different audiences, including working in-house with global employers, also with a range of global agencies. as a team leader, i am passionate about empowering emerging talent through effective delegation, coaching and mentoring of high-performing international groups. i enjoy making new industry connections please get in touch at emilia.gabrel gmail.com.
street smartness with a blend of never dying inquisitiveness topped with some modern dynamic ideology is what keeps driving my zeal to learn|unlearn|relearn in this age of competitiveness' i have lived in four countries india, uae (dubai), australia (sydney) and singapore worked in various team tasks including people from diverse cultures and backgrounds. former global marketing student and a skilled professional whose interests lie in the field of business management, branding, and sales & marketing, has been recognized for being a keen initiator, a genuine people s person and comfortably adaptable. i aspire to work in a culture where we strive to discover the true essence of value creation and with meaningful thought leadership achieve our responsibilities together for the greater good of the organization. feel free to hit me up on jain.siddharth07 hotmail.com to know more about my endeavours
sales-focused marketing manager with a comprehensive background in lead generation, tactical and strategic planning, e-mail marketing, print including current customer retention. successfully driving growth in company returns on investment through innovative and cutting-edge marketing campaigns. a listing of my core competencies includes brand management market & product positioning go-to-market plans digital marketing campaign development social media marketing strategic marketing budget forecasting e-mail & direct mail marketing campaigns supply chain available to discuss new opportunities in the toledo, oh areas, please contact me at llpolkinghorn gmail.com.
 a result oriented professional with more then 13 years of experience in the field marketing, branding management, communications, and product development & management. acquired in-depth knowledge and expertise on marketing, corporate communications, advertising, promotions, events, agency, vendor management and pr. proven track record of developing, and implementing brand standards and guidelines to ensure consistency and standardisation is communication and branding. proven track record in establishing systems and procedures to ensure cost efficiency on agencies, vendors and internal customers. proven skills in planning and implementing high budget campaigns across media. specialties marketing strategy, digital & social media marketing, product marketing, brand management, advertising, bfsi marketing, activation, visual merchandising, research and business development, cmo/ head of marketing for retail/ consumer bank
managing brands via marketing communications. success is a long road, shortcuts don't interest me!!!
result oriented marketing professional with over 16 years of experience in leading fmcg and telecom companies - gillette, p&g and vodafone. rich marketing experience leading big global brands as well as establishing new brands. strong functional competency from insight to execution and across brand and innovation. managed large brand building and media budgets to drive growth and build brands. functional expertise combined with business understanding and orientation has helped deliver outstanding results. led large teams and demonstrated leadership abilities as a functional lead as well as being part of leadership teams. collaborative team player with an ability to work with diverse cross functional teams. contributing continuously in organizational building for many years by supporting marketing recruitment and new hire on-boarding program. experienced trainer for delivering multiple trainings on developing functional and behavioural skill set, a certified trainer for 'segment marketing' from oxford school of marketing (osm).
a dedicated & result oriented marketing & communication professional with 8 years of experience, spanning from strategic digital, offline branding, pr, advertising, and content development specialities digital campaigns, brand redesign.
experienced marketing communications professional with demonstrated success working in many fields from the industrial automation industry and technical arena, to the arts. strong marketing professional skilled in digital content, corporate social responsibility, event creation, brand implementation, corporate communications, emerging artist development, publicity, seo, customer insight, copywriting, integrated marketing, marketing copy, and publicity.
experienced head of marketing with a demonstrated history of working in the events services industry. skilled in marketing management, communication planning, team management.
a b2b finance marketing manager focusing on brand development, content creation and communication, with previous experience as a credit risk consultant. my 12+ years of practical industry experience and commercial awareness has allowed me to develop a niche skillset combining analytics, communication and creativity, with a strong preference in utilising data-focused approaches in marketing. with an aim to create a stronger presence in the industry, i have successfully demonstrated my capabilities across the full range of marketing activities - including communication, digital development and event management, using digital analytics where applicable to drive decisions and create new content strategies. key competencies - communication - creativity and visualisation - problem solving and analysis - project management - stakeholder management - presenting and speaking - mentor and leadership specialities - website development - web copy - brand development - content creation - social media creation - content calendar management - event management - internal communications - brand ambassador key achievements + website rebrand, 25+ new web pages resulting in 120% more traffic, 2 months after launch + streamlined internal communications channel + launched successful first webinar + co-ordinated successful client round-table event + shortlisted awards submissions women in credit 2020, credit strategy 2020 and car finance 2019 + established risk academy, a bespoke client training service + developed successful partnerships with top uk universities for the internship programme + invited as panel guest to bbc asian network radio offering university/career advice to students. i m a strong advocate for professionals giving back to students, especially to those studying a stem (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) subject who would like to explore a career in the financial and banking industry. i m regularly invited to speak at university career and panel events - please get in touch to discuss potential speaking opportunities. popular topics - how to leverage a stem academic background in the financial industry - how to create a personal brand to elevate career prospects - linkedin workshops for beginners. please send me a message or email me at jenika.karsan gmail.com to discuss how i can contribute and add value to your organisation.
innovative strategic marketing and communication professional with more than 10 years experience in community engagement, media and pr marketing and communication, including digital marketing (creative campaign development, social media, advertising, seo/sem, analytics, salesforce marketing cloud, online advertising) k-12 education enrollment marketing/recruitment university/higher education access/outreach marketing corporate community relations broadcast news and print journalism public affairs, crisis/issues management leadership and management in a variety of industries proven ability to work collaboratively across various business units and stakeholders internally and various stakeholders externally. bilingual - english/spanish results oriented. ability to thrive in disruptive environments and industries, including technology, healthcare, retail, non-profit and education.
aspiring for a career in a pr, marketing and communications agency. knowledge of disruptive strategy in digital marketing from oxford university said business school. knowledge of using a content management system (cms), google analytics and adobe photoshop. as well as awareness of implementing seo and sea practices. a strong and confident communicator, both in person and in writing, able to work well with people at all levels. together with bachelor (philology and linguistics) and master (international relations) degrees and 2 years demonstrable working experience, with experience of using the microsoft office suite of programmes with a good understanding of what s required in an administrative working environment. equally confident working solo and as part of a team, with the initiative and organisational ability to prioritise own workload and meet every deadline, as well as helping direct reports meet their objectives. fluent in english, german, russian and ukrainian languages. eu citizen.
i've spent the last eighteen years devoted to creative problem solving. i've organized a lot of rodeos and herded a lot of cats! i've been a graphic designer, web designer, photographer, typographer, illustrator, animator, production manager, creative director, corporate communication manager and probably any other creative titles you can think of. as i've evolved in this arena i've come to discover my true passion and talent lies in my ability to be decisive, adaptable and analytical as i help forward-looking thinkers refine their imaginative propositions. my strengthsfinder themes strategic - faced with any given scenario, i can quickly spot the relevant patterns and issues. i create alternative ways to proceed. activator - i turn my thoughts into action. communicator - i generally find it easy to put my thoughts into words and am a good conversationalists. relator - i enjoy building close relationships with others to achieve a goal. learner - i have a great desire to learn and want to continuously improve. fun facts i love backpacking because it pushes my physical and mental limits. i foster dogs because i believe every creature deserves a second chance. i m adopted and finding your family is not how they depict it in the movies. i weld metal sculptures because i m afraid of power tools. i have two guitars but still can t play a whole song. i have never trained for a full marathon because most people find a half marathon just as impressive and i don t lose any toenails.
versatile marketing and brand management professional with 10+ years licensed consumer products. a team player with strong interpersonal skills, i enjoy collaborating with both creative and analytical personalities. from television and film to podcasts, newspapers, music, books, and blogs, i m an information enthusiast who excels at translating ideas and story content into desirable consumer products and compelling retail events. my background includes strategic brand management, marketing, inventory forecasting, event planning, copyrighting, editing, presentations, and public speaking. i also have a strong understanding of brand positioning and licensing. after a short career break, i am seeking a new challenge where my versatility and can-do attitude will make an immediate impact. in my free time, i love traveling, photography, meeting new friends, and learning foreign languages.
a brand marketer with 14 years of experience, across brand strategy & communication, content strategy & production, digital marketing and events & activations.
a multi-faceted brand marketing professional with a strong desire to empower commercially conscious brands by creating innovative and customer focused marketing so they can spread their message and increase their positive impact & growth. a creative brain having worked with different industries like print media, manufacturing, e-commerce and ed-tech, i carry 10+years of experience in delivering innovative marketing strategies for the growth of an organization. specialty - corporate identity creation and management. brand management, category management, brand communication, trade marketing, event management, go to market strategy, growth marketing, content management, budgeting, vendor management, retention marketing, digital marketing , product launch , strategic marketing,360 marketing campaigns, display advertising, analytics, brand building/sales promotion, public relation, team leadership & budgeting, sem/ppc/email marketing, social media marketing , media buying & planning, content development and management, trade shows, advertising (atl/btl), events/road shows, viral marketing, collateral designing & merchandising.a strategic planner with experience in managing multiple projects and campaigns under tight deadlines spread across geographies. my quest for quality of the work is the prime driver of my motivation to keep going an extra mile to deliver the best suited results.
marketing and communication has been my driving force throughout my career. i have developed targeted brand campaigns to build brand awareness, launch new products and embrace the digital transformation. i have worked in strategic agencies preparing cross-functional marketing collateral and client organisations planning integrated marketing programmes. to excel, excellent project management and communication skills have gained the respect of colleagues and clients. everyday i embrace the culture and the ever changing dynamics of this industry.
an organized, seasoned, creative & knowledgeable professional with a proven track record in digital and offline marketing with an extensive experience in developing data-driven marketing campaigns and strategies, successfully managing marketing teams, and monitoring performance of the campaigns. with 9+ years of experience working as a specialist in marcom, digital marketing, and as a digital marketing influencer, consultant & trainer, with excellent communication/leadership skills, great time management abilities, and strong attention to detail. expertise budget planning & execution, business development, campaign execution & measurement (atl & btl & digital), concept storyboard development, copy-writing, corporate communications (pr, csr), customer relation management (loyalty program, giveaway etc.), digital campaign execution & management (seo, sem, smm, orm), event coordination (sme, trade expos etc.), market data research & development, marketing collateral's design & development, media communications (print, digital, radio, outdoor, television), media planning & buying (online & offline), sales, marketing and digital strategy development & execution (4p s marketing), website design, development & maintenance (wordpress), ux design development & concept creation
marketing and media professional with 15+ years of cross-industry experience in brand development, digital marketing brand building, media and digital strategy and consumer insights. consumer-centric, digital innovator with proven operational skills acquired at leading financial, retail, media and entertainment brands skilled at conceptualizing and implementing 360 degree marketing plans, developing brand communication and media mixes, leading teams and managing customer loyalty program management specialties - brand building, promotion marketing, media planning, portfolio management and customer lloyalty marketing. - marketing mix development, brand communication - digital strategy, social media marketing, user centric design,customer experience - cross functional team leadership, alliances and integrated marketing solutions
lifelong learner, ideator, collaborator, and self-motivator who enjoys helping clients meet their goals and grow their business. my goal is always to provide value, whether specific insights or a listening ear. i pride myself on being a dependable leader who enjoys sharing knowledge and inspiring creativity & motivation in others. my career began in email marketing. my love for strategy and customer engagement was born in this area as i became deeply involved with understanding the customer, journey mapping, and using the data to analyze performance to improve continually. from there, i flowed into digital marketing in a b2b e-commerce environment with email still at the heart of the mix. in this internal platform, search became my area of intrigue. once coupled with email and online advertising, i had to learn more. present-day, i am in a higher-level strategy role creating marketing and content strategies that align with the organizational business goals i also have ownership of planning b2c advertising through traditional and digital media. i have learned more about out of home, broadcast, print, direct mail, and how to use those channels to support and complement the digital and social side of life. committed to diversity and inclusion, i enjoy time with fellow minority women supporting and helping us all to fully recognize the value of our perspectives as a diverse professional brings to the table. i have been grateful for how my career has grown and developed. outside of work, you can find me outside with my daughter or laughing with my sons. i am an amateur cut-flower gardener who enjoys pulling weeds. i love ledger art and am working on a few pieces of my own. chipisalacho ('i will see you later,' in chickasaw). specialties strategy, content strategist, innovation, ideation, client relationships, team leadership, client briefs, presentations, management, email marketing, direct marketing, traditional marketing, digital marketing, media planning, media buying, project management, data analysis, analytical reasoning, adaptability, digital audience strategy successes chickasaw nation-led strategic plan for the development of the first chickasaw travel stop christmas campaign that doubled sales yoy and grew gross margin by 62.6% on general merchandise in 2018. after the 2018 performance report, it was decided to make the campaign an annual event. in 2019 general merchandise grew by 154.17% over 2018. ledger art lauren good day giago.
a global marketing professional having worked with multiple international teams to influence strategies and drive marketing success. experienced general manager marketing with a demonstrated history of working in the consumer products industry for 15+ yrs across multinational (kimberly-clark, unilever, l'oreal) and india entrepreneurship driven firms (cavinkare & ttk) having a strong exposure in building brands and setting up marketing teams both in india and international markets (gcc & saarc). a strategic planner with experience in putting together and implementing business strategy to enhance market penetration, sales volume growth, driving profits and increasing market shares.
planned and implemented integrated marketing campaigns for branding and product promotions. managed communication, media planning, atl, btl, digital marketing and consumer research. outlined annual marketing strategy for maximising roi with the marketing budgets. experience in working with tools like pardot, mailchimp, manthan, sap, ms office, etc.
ambitious marketing guru with 10+ years of experience creating comprehensive strategies for maximizing brand engagement and building strong relationships. a dynamic problem-solver that excels in fast-paced environments, loves a good challenge, and has a keen eye for branding and events.
i am a recent university of georgia graduate looking for full-time positions in digital media, public affairs, or mass communication in the baltimore - d.c. area. my technical skills include - analytics crimson hexagon, buzzsumo, facebook analytics, google analytics, hootsuite, microsoft excel - research programs mri simmons, mintel reports, business source complete, and communications and mass media complete - content creation canva, indesign, adobe lightroom, photoshop, hootsuite i have professional experience in - business management - content creation - campaign strategy - event planning - digital marketing - project management - social community management - social media management i have certifications in - google analytics - adobe photoshop - adobe indesign
i am a marketing professional with over 9 years experience of b2b marketing communications. i have a broad range of experience and have successfully managed many marketing campaigns. these have including a mix of both online and offline marketing that have delivered sales and leads for all companies i have worked for. working closely with business development teams i have been responsible for creating propositions and sales collateral to help them achieve their sales objectives. as marketing manager, i feel just as comfortable leading a team as i do rolling up my sleeves and executing orders. i enjoy being part of a lively and productive team that all strive together to achieve results. i will always be a student of marketing, constantly reading reports and guides into new marketing practices. i am a entj personality type and as such i am very goal oriented. i am confident, strong willed and a strategic thinker. i am good at seeing a problem and coming up with a solution. i welcome challenges and find it satisfying when i ve overcome them. i can be stubborn, but i always approach work with a can do attitude. i know i have limits too, but i am working on the weaknesses of being a entj personality.
as a communication consultant, i'm a 'word-working' professional who's been passionate about meaningful, results-oriented communication for 35 years an award-winning writer and editor an accredited and certified business communicator a fluent german speaker and certified translator a skilled project manager and team leader an engaging speaker and effective trainer. most recently i created and led the communications department at volkert, inc, an infrastructure engineering firm. from 2008 to 2015 i led and managed marketing communications globally in all media for prologis, the world's largest industrial real estate company. from 1996 to 2007 i was corporate communications manager and marketing services manager for the ch2m hill family of companies, including lockwood greene in south carolina and ch2m in colorado. from 1988 to 1996 i worked in karlsruhe and heidelberg, germany, as a field representative for gospel fellowship association missions, leading relief trips into eastern europe. specialties marketing communication, internal communication, public relations, organizational development, change management, brand and identity management, cross-cultural negotiations
passionate b2b marketing professional with enthusiasm in event management, digital marketing, marketing reporting, and project management. self-starter and team player, with proven ability to drive demand generation and deliver impactful results in fast-paced environment.
mba from nmims school of business with majors in marketing b. tech in mechanical engineering from national institute of technology
an experienced brand marketing and public relations strategist with over eight years of digital strategy, public relations planning, event marketing, and community engagement knowledge with a focus on brand initiatives.
hello, i m anne-sophie martin, an enthusiastic marketer bilingual in english and french. my history of success comprises over 12 years, achieving results by developing innovative brand strategies, marketing campaigns and strategic planning initiatives that improve brand awareness and drive sustained profit growth. demonstrated leadership in partnering with senior teams on strategic growth initiatives for increased market shares. recognised for outstanding achievements in driving business growth through planning and implementation of brand strategies and brand equity building. throughout my career, i have developed solid leadership skills and achieved results through proven expertise in the planning and building of omni-channel strategies, brand positioning, and brand operations management excelling at aligning core business revenue and growth goals. ability to drive marketing strategy, overseeing product development, deliver sales growth, form strategic partnerships, and implement complex projects. proven success record providing vision, leadership and direction to unlock successful brands growth. my solid contributions and achievements are as follows increased awareness and education towards hcps (atl/btl) via brand equity building to maximise consumers purchasing path and drive hcps recommendations that delivered 118% of annual kpis in 2016 and attained uk s #1 gp ranking in 2016 (45% of scripts) - sterimar. established atl & btl campaigns supporting consumer users journey, achieving robust performance over-delivering against 2016 kpis and acquiring uk s #1 gp status (67% of scripts) - replens improved brand perception that enhanced product satisfaction within consumer base by 83% in 2012. if you are interested in learning more about my skillset and experience, feel free to contact me on linkedin or via email.
a creative, results-focused marketing professional with significant experience both on uk and global campaigns, including significant exposure to middle eastern markets. well versed in producing, developing and delivering strategic marketing plans and campaigns for both b2b and b2c. helping brands draw their marketing communication strategies and go-to-market plans. proven track record of consistently delivering strong top/bottom line results across a wide range of businesses. award winning portfolio in experiential marketing, developing and delivering integrated experiential solutions for leading multinational brands and blue chip companies. with more than 13 years experience in the communications industry, working on many of the world s most famous brands, on both the agency and the client side. i worked and continue to work across direct, experiential, digital, data and brand, putting me in a priviliged position of having truly integrated experience. some of the brands i have delivered campaigns for include airplus international, gas strategies, lanc me, l'or al, hewlett packard, johnson and johnson, microsoft, john rodriguez yachts, club 400, roberto cavalli club, corona, and many others. specialities & expertise integrated marketing strategy digital marketing strategy including social media product marketing brand positioning and management development and delivery of brand and content marketing programs market research full management of the marketing mix visual communications b2b and b2c marketing campaign planning and management project management risk management / mitigation business development / go-to-market plan agency management
a dynamic professional with more than 7 years of experience in marketing and sales. new business development i marketing i corporate communication i media planning i atl i btl i vendor management.
i very much enjoy a fast-paced environment and the opportunity to leave my mark turning ideas into results. it s fair to say i accept challenges with an open-mind. working in various teams, it has always been extremely important to collaborate - sharing with my peers but also learning from them. i have worked for smaller companies and also for global organisations across a variety of industries and from different cultures. i manage consistent, response-driven, integrated marketing and communications projects. what s important to me being decisive, following a strategy whilst thinking outside of the box, maintaining good relationships, offering support, continuing to learn and developing the brand i represent.
i'm a bay area based marketing professional with 12+ years experience. my marketing experience is varied and includes brand marketing, communications, partnerships, social impact programs, events, and more. after many years spent building two consumer brands at eo products, i am seeking a new professional adventure.
my value proposition well, with an international perspective and resiliently enthusiastic nature, i'm able to connect and communicate with others with empathy and a sense of personal relatability. growing up in france as a young girl has had an ever-lasting impact on my life. first and foremost, my love for divine culinary tastes like cheese and wine, the luxurious community lifestyle shared at local bistros and most of all, the innate passion of noticing the beauty all around. this is where my passion and a lifelong career collide into 7+ years of brand marketing. i am a brand and creative strategist using my global experiences to think differently and using my empathic nature to find connections and make brands relatable. ask yourself, would you be friends with your brand using skills acquired from a master s degree in luxury brand management, i am able to use the brand values, customer pain points, product development, and my creative juices to build lifelong consumers. i have a knack for discovering the beauty that lies within, and the ability to share it with many and make it relatable. my calling is to be a brand marketing manager or creative strategist assisting in brand positioning and assisting in product development within luxury, fashion, cosmetics and manufacturing. when i m not at work, you will find me out feeding my zest for life through traveling, being around good friends and family, and creating life memories each day. people, places, and new experiences lifts my spirit. with this said, please feel free to say hello, let's connect and share your story with me. areas of expertise digital landscape, social media, forward-thinking, creative, leadership, global marketing, innovation, market research, cross-functional, problem solving, brand positioning, relationship building, customer marketing, customer experience, industry research, creative strategy, enthusiastic, takes initiative, collaboration, brand storytelling
exceptionally charismatic, ambitious, and competitive project manager focused on diving deep into business objectives while developing meaningful relationships with internal and external stakeholders. focuses on the voice of the consumer to build and lead successful cross functional marketing programs.
marketing & communications expert with 15 years industry experience. neha holds an executive degree from harvard business school and a post graduate degree in business management with specialization in marketing & communication from symbiosis institute of business management, india. in her current role as the executive vice president, she heads the marketing & strategy function for teleperformance india and the middle east region. she has been instrumental in setting-up the team in india and presenting the teleperformance brand to drive engagements, digital and offline, with employees, prospects, clients, industry associations, analysts & consultants and the government. she has championed some of the digital best practices, globally and also earned worldwide accreditation for the company across its people, process and community spirit practices.
maribel, a native new yorker, is a strategic thinker, experienced leader and storyteller with a proven track record of brand building and campaign development for a variety of brands. she ensures success by building and maintaining strong client relationships through delivery of expert counsel, understanding of client's business objectives and flawless execution. throughout her career, she has worked with companies such as nbcuniversal, y&r advertising and interpublic advertising. she is a passionate, results-driven marketing and communication professional with expertise in both the corporate and non-profit sectors.
experienced marketing communications professional with progressive consumer durable category experience across a broad range of atl / btl / digital / pr functions in varied product categories ranging from bravia televisions, audio, cameras, vaio laptops. proven ability to combine business acumen with well developed project management and leadership qualities to support go-to-market efforts, product launches and branding initiatives.
experienced marketing professional with demonstrated success in driving demand for a b2b technology company and increasing awareness for a global non-profit. specialties salesforce crm, salesforce marketing cloud, pardot, drupal, abm, relationship building, research, budgeting, public speaking, event planning.
jeff is a marketing communications executive with a track record of building brands. his background includes success both in-house and at top agencies. he is a hands-on, creative and collaborative leader, helping companies enhance their brands and corporate reputation. consumer technology | b2b technology currently manage the samsung account at allison+partners, with oversight of a portfolio of business that has included mobile, wearables, tvs, pcs, tablets and content development. held the highest pr position at sharp electronics corporation of america, launching successful campaigns to both b2c and b2b markets. has deep experience in planning and executing groundbreaking launches, including managing consumer electronics show efforts for sharp, samsung, huawei and dell. leadership experience oversee a team of 30 individuals. experience includes leading pr at sharp and managing the consumer technology group and the ny operations at a global public relations firm. served on the senior leadership teams at global agencies including ogilvy pr. acknowledged by employees, peers, clients and superiors for an engaging management style and building strong cultures within an organization. corporate communications managed corporate marketing and communications for companies, including being the global head of communications for ogilvy pr and ogilvy action. handled all aspects of communications, working directly for ceos and cmos. consumer marketing launched and promoted consumer marketing campaigns for top brands including disney, gillette, sharp, dell, sprint, nabisco, kellogg s, polaroid, mci/verizon, chivas, rolls royce and princess cruise lines. specialties, skills & expertise pr and marketing strategy brand management spokesperson training social and digital media integrated marketing media relations global marketing partnerships sponsorship development crisis communications influencer programs new business
- 10 years experience in luxury retail and wholesale industry in sales & marketing positions (luxury fashion and design) - strong international background in diverse environnements with managerial experience across north america, asia, eu and emerging markets - team leader, can do attitude, strong creative, entrepreneurial and relational skills,
i am a bilingual marketing leader with extensive experience developing, leading and implementing revenue-driving marketing and communication strategies in support of global and regional business growth objectives. known as a performance-driven b2b marketer who generates brand awareness for new products and services, drives lead generation and curates remarkable client experiences, i enjoy working with multi-national fortune 500 corporations as well as smaller, rapid-growth companies in the financial services and tech sectors. engaging clients in us domestic and international markets through compelling content, digital innovations and industry conferences plays to my strengths. in collaboration with senior management, product development and sales, i have successfully developed and deployed go-to-market marketing and branding strategies rooted in global market developments and client insights. communicating with clients digitally through owned, earned and paid media is part of my skill set. recognizing that the biggest wins come from customer-focused agile teams, i find it inspiring to lead small marketing teams in the us and european markets and to collaborate with experts of diverse backgrounds and all levels -- in research, branding, corporate communications, public relations, client development, sales, product development, legal, compliance, digital design, web development -- when developing and delivering world-class client experiences, products and services. my values of integrity, respect, accountability, team work, inclusion and diversity are deeply rooted in my multi-cultural upbringing, my education and career in international business. doing good is good business. corporations increasingly recognize their responsibility towards employees and the communities in which they operate. to that end, i was a driving force in support of citi celebrates international women s day, citi equality lounge at the 2019 milken institute global conference and citi community day. among my competencies are marketing team leadership and development | marketing strategy | market research | competitive analysis | branding | product marketing | product materials | digital marketing | digital platforms | thought leadership content | integrated campaigns | client communication | events | conferences | ad agency management | advertisement | public relations | social media | budgeting | expense management | reporting | project management
career snapshot - a seasoned professional with more than 14 years of experience in marketing communication, brand management, digital marketing and media management - distinguished experience of leading diversified teams in successfully launching new products with creative communications across all mediums with end-to-end responsibility - worked with top management consultants and played a key role in implementation of crm & marketing automation platforms - strong business management & analytical skills acquired through graduation in e-commerce, mba and eep from iim, bangalore - proven ability to work in cross-functional environment with a contagious can-do attitude & self-sufficient work style functional strengths - marketing communication - brand management - product management - media planning - digital marketing - sports marketing - strategic alliances - agency management - activations & events
award winning creative producer, writer, director and marketer with over 18 years of brand marketing and production experience, i have excellent eyes and ears for the constantly changing world of marketing. from tv everywhere to social media blasts, i've marketed or sponsored it by conceptualizing many integrated ad sales campaigns that increased company revenue, from inception to delivery while keeping a keen eye on project timeline and budget goals. seasoned in executing shoots under any environment, whether working with a-list talent or first time interviewees, perfection is my goal.
responsible for development and implementation of marketing initiatives for the corporate & government businesses at yes bank. a key deliverable is formulating and driving client engagement strategies through events, strategic communications, managing industry chamber relationships, online & offline content and identifying relevant pr hooks. handle sales enablement for retail institutional banking (schools, associations and societies) through tech solution-led marketing and provide gtm support
my career has spanned broadcast media (fox television inc. and nbc universal), the food industry (general mills) and most recently oil & gas (exxonmobil). i ve worked in a variety of roles in marketing and communications management, which includes project/brand management, and storytelling videos, podcasts, and other mediums. what excites me the most is the opportunity to collaborate, conceptualize and create strategy while building and managing relationships. my approach is personable, analytical, creative and focused. if you d like to hear more or discuss further, let s talk.
a passionate marketing and brand management professional with 13 years of experience in marketing operations and a resourceful insight in strategic marketing methodologies, at renowned japanese electronic multinationals like nikon and sanyo. my talent and experience make me a competitive, people oriented marketing professional & a business leader, who has the ability to shoulder responsibilities that enhance the brand value of a company irrespective of its industry type, culture, location or clientele. creative and passionate about all things marketing, i m a self-motivated, customer-obsessed, data-driven storyteller with a burning zeal for excellence in everything i do and i possess a proven track record of my accomplishments to demonstrate my aptitude. achievements won the outstanding performer award for fy 2014 at nikon. won the employee of the year title for fy 2008 at sanyo. won the outstanding performer award for fy 2009 at sanyo. core competencies e- commerce development & management product positioning & brand management partner & channel marketing digital lead generation digital marketing- seo & sem corporate communications/ pr media planning/ buying market research for consumer behavior insights mobile, social media, email marketing content marketing p&l management/ budgeting strategic project management campaign management
effective marketing leader with a proven history of increasing sales volume and gross margin. excellent management, communication, and interpersonal skills. manager of versatile teams creating a highly productive culture. organized, energetic, and adaptable, which ensures successful execution of projects with extensive scopes and multiple stakeholders.
integrated digital marketing and brand communication expert with 13 years of hands-on experience of leading projects which involved strategic planning, conceptualization, and execution across leading consumer brands. i am passionate about building brands and have been working extensively on all facets of traditional media as well as digital media channels. as a dynamic marketing professional,i have proven success in managing a broad range of marketing functions and leadership qualities to support go-to-market efforts, product launches, comprehensive content campaigns, and branding initiatives. i have been successful in achieving maximum roi on marketing investment uplifting marketing efforts with reducing marketing cost by adapting day by day changing technology and learning new and effective platforms for delivering marketing communication. presently i am leading digital communication and marketing strategy for armstrong group- asia (india, china, sea, and australia). for further discussion, i can be reached at mukesh.chaurasia19 gmail.com area of expertise brand marketing management digital marketing, integrated marketing solutions media planning, seo, sem, smm product & brand innovation e-commerce planning & execution b2b sales, business solutions to clients people management & development
dynamic international professional with 7+ years of extensive expertise in communication, brand strategy, and marketing. global mindset gained from years of living and working in 7 countries (incl. switzerland, france, brazil, argentina, uruguay...). i developed disruptive and effective campaigns for one of the largest retail brands in the world (carrefour). experience leading the planning process for a brand, managing creative workstreams, and launching 360 campaigns in fast-paced environments. i m a positive team player passionate about building insightful brand strategies and compelling creative execution. brand strategist | marketing & communication email dsaezmeretta gmail.com contact me (718) 775 7784 for any marketing and communication opportunities! core competencies strategic planning brand management brand development creative thinking project management brand activation market intelligence consumer insights excellent communication accomplishments spearheaded the development of the new brand and communication strategy of argentina's retail leader (carrefour group). project management of a usd $1.000.000 activation campaign (precios corajudos ) that successfully reversed the pricing and quality image and enabled the company to increase private label sales 15% during a deep economic crisis. -making of https //www.youtube.com/watch v mmyuv2l0ftm&t 3s managed over 15 prime nation-wide campaigns from the strategic planning to the 360 roll-out (incl. black friday, cyber monday, easters...) i recently relocated to new york city (visa l2, and fully authorized to work in the us).
dedicated, passionate, marketing communications professional. highly organized with an entrepreneurial spirit and a unique combination of analytical and creative thinking. demonstrated leadership and facilitation qualities. skilled in marketing management, integrated marketing, advertising, web design, and corporate communications. broad background in event and trade show planning, crisis communications, training, and development. extensive knowledge of integrated marketing communications, lead generation/management, social media marketing, and content planning and development.
award-winning, visionary marketing/communication and advancement executive with a track record of incisive strategy to surpass goals. a savvy leader driving innovation with compelling storytelling and collaborative relationship building. at queensborough of the city university of ny (cuny), a top ten educational institution known for groundgreaking undergraduate research, di dio doubled student enrollment from a new market that he identified. his tenure has been marked by several firsts digital media strategy, full-scale rebrand, and mobile initiatives leading to record-breaking numbers such as a 600% lift in site traffic, a 40% boost in the volume of marketing collateral, and a 100% increase in earned media. as cmo, he provides strategic direction for all marcom functions as well as operational oversight for over 2,600 employees represented by 15 unions and 26,000 students from 139 countries including advising executive leadership on a host of international affairs and current events impacting the internal global community. he established the first crisis management leadership team to mitigate risk, protect the college s reputation, and proactively plan for emergency scenarios. di dio launched patch politics from scratch while at aol, transforming how americans consumed the 2012 presidential race. there he led communication, strategic planning, and media strategy development for 850+ hyperlocal sites in 23 states and washington d.c. and executed the first social listening strategy, keeping over 1,000 journalists abreast of current issues. he worked in communications for u.s. senator hillary clinton and traveled with both of her presidential campaigns, the ny state senate, and the college democrats of america s lgbt caucus. honored as a 40 under 40 top business leaders across nyc and long island by the new york daily news, he holds a master s in strategic communication from columbia university, where he teaches graduate courses in crisis communication and leadership.
five years of experience in branding and marketing communication. summary development of brand strategy maintenance of brand integrity across all touchpoints management of brand campaigns from concept creation through to implementation and post-analysis managing brand & pr agencies planning of digital and pr campaigns create and execute a holistic marketing strategy across owned, paid and earned media manage the development of content calendar across all social platforms development of creative assets and marketing collateral design and development of website email marketing strategy, journey building, automation & analysis
a strategic and technical communicator with a passion for creative content marketing, beautiful designs, social media consulting, and event planning. i am an innovative thinker, detail-oriented, a creator, and a team-player i'm currently seeking an opportunity in the communication, marketing or project management fields.
a creative thinking brand marketer with a focus on putting the customer at the heart of everything. experience in driving brand perception whilst meeting the strategic objectives of the company. hands on approach to planning correctly, driving progress forward through measuring end results. experience across all elements of marketing and brand. proven integrator with colleagues and senior management. external agency management and collaboration experience. marketing and brand planning vodafone brand campaign management driving increased awareness to small and large businesses, influencing consideration for the brand and it's products and services. below the line 'business as usual' campaigns, creative and media agency management, brand positioning and strategy, sponsorship, events, direct marketing and brand measurement and tracking. increased brand awareness by 32% from sponsorship with williams formula one team and james cracknell & ben fogle racing to the south pole. short-listed nomination for hollis best brand sponsorship award events and customer hospitality management and execution, from blue chip company exhibition attendance through to corporate hospitality at the british grand prix for high value corporate customers . digital social media engagement and lead generation. specialist in sponsored content planning and execution. recent linkedin results include bespoke targeting b2b targets achieving high quality engagement through to contract success x 20 times base cost.
background professional with significant experience working on both traditional and digital communication campaigns. incredibly passionate about delivering carefully crafted messages to intended audiences. innovative in finding ways to reach audiences where they reside. comfortably manages projects from inception to implementation. developed and disseminated email marketing messages to an audience of over 70,000. actively monitors metrics, search engine optimization opportunities, and google analytics. working to build knowledge of adobe creative suite, html, and css. writer. blogger. social media coach. interactive portfolio and writing samples http //www.erikabrownsdf.com/ international travel experience professional guyana, malawi, south africa personal costa rica, cyprus, dominican republic, el salvador, germany, holland, ireland, honduras, mexico, nicaragua, peru, spain language proficiency intermediate spanish (oral) please feel free to ignore this part! digital media communication marketing strategy integrated marketing advertising email marketing social media collateral material branding integrated marketing public relations storytelling video production asset management indesign consumer marketing research analysis google analytics writing creative
experienced communication professional with a demonstrated history of leading cross-functional teams to solve complex problems. skilled in marketing and brand strategy, public relations, relationship management, market research, and product management.
over 12 years of experience in omni-channel marketing communication and csr in the financial services sector in both b2b and b2c categories. i am also a certified and experienced customer experience professional from medallia, london. i have a post graduate professional degree in international business from leicester business school, uk and a bachelor s degree from miranda house, university of delhi. in my current role, i am leading communication strategy and social media marketing at yes bank. in addition, also responsible for corporate communication. prior to joining the bank, i was heading the overall marketing and communication function for future generali india insurance. proven track record of leading marketing and communication strategy for businesses with cumulative pat of over rs. 4,000 crore, setting-up teams from the scratch and confidently leading teams of 10-11 high calibre professionals over a span of 12+ years.
award-winning digital marketer with 10 years of experience in creative planning and product marketing for high-growth startups and advertising agencies. product marketing facebook advertising analytics campaign planning content marketing / seo art direction user experience design (ux) - web & app
an accomplished professional with more than 16 years of first-hand experience in the marketing and communication industry. knowledgeable and proficient in a broad range of disciplines with a strong mix of creative, analytical, strategic and organizational skills. specialties reputation & brand management | social behavior research | media relations | employee relations | project management | social media strategies | event planning | web development | real estate marketing | seo | email marketing | digital & direct marketing | marketing automation | copywriting & press releases | networking | graphic design | content marketing development | saas | promotional merchandising | editing | fundraising | non-profits | web design | scripting | speech writing | qualitative research | video production | news reporting | blogging | strategic planning | team management technical skills wordpress | mailchimp | microsoft office professional | photoshop, indesign | video production | photography | facebook, twitter, youtube, google+, instagram, linkedin, pinterest | goto/webex | google analytics | email marketing | seo strategies | prweb, business wire | sandicor | top producer
leader of global organization wide transformations re-positioning companies & brands to build consumer relevance and drive business impact. broad international experience across the marketing & commercial spectrum ranging from brand management, pr and communications strategy, sales, revenue management, loyalty program leadership, digital, social media and distribution strategy. leading global teams to innovate with purpose, focusing on what's new and next, adding unique value to customers, whilst strengthening the foundations and capability of any organisation.
experienced executive marketing manager with a demonstrated history of working in the food & beverages industry. strong marketing professional skilled in marketing management, market planning, business planning, market analysis, and market research.
marketer with extensive experience in fmcg & two of indonesia s unicorns.
- over 20 years of experience in communication and marketing projects (local, regional and global), operating in areas such as advertisement, online and offline platforms, journalism, content, pr, trade marketing, brand experience, entertainment and sports marketing - speaker on 'sports marketing and digital communication' at the university of sao paulo (eca and eefe), faap, instituto trevisan, proxxima, social media week, fecap, fgv, uninove, perestroika, among others. - languages portuguese, english, spanish, italian - brazilian and italian citizenships
creative, team player and result-oriented professional. experienced in both international and operational marketing for premium brands in dynamic, competitive environments. strong knowledge of the luxury industry particularly in fragrances, cosmetics and retail.
experienced executive vice president with a demonstrated history of working in the food & beverages industry. skilled in building world class teams, introducing new products, customer insight, fast-moving consumer goods (fmcg), and consumer products. strong entrepreneurship professional with a bba focused in marketing from york university - schulich school of business.
experienced communication and marketing professional with a demonstrated history of work in the consumer goods and entertainment industry. my goal is to continue doing entertaining and purposeful marketing driving emotion and bringing real meaning to brands, people and world.
specialties international expansion, performance marketing, omni-channel marketing, e-commerce, high-growth business, media management, project management & implementation, consumer research, branding, innovation, marketing, and retail, cpg, and telecommunications
15 years experience in marketing & e-commerce in international environment. 7 years in london. developping brand's identities and generating e-business. -specialties e-commerce e-marketing/web-marketing, including seo/sem, affiliation, display and advertising, mobile marketing, business development. social network marketing strategic marketing, brand identity, brand & advertising strategy loyalty crm, e-crm -team management and leadership project management website redesign optimizing the customer experience journey -fluent in english -industries services (tourism, banking) #directeur marketing #directeur communication #directeur e-commerce
an energizing leader, and performance driven brand builder with 14+ years of experience in luxury / beauty. served in leadership roles across europe france, united kingdom and spain. specialties - brand strategy, omnichannel storytelling and digital transformation (e-com and social) - brand p&l monitoring - multi-cultural management skills and entrepreneurial leadership
i'm a highly motivated, bilingual, marketing manager with in-depth knowledge and experience in brand and experiential marketing. i have over six years experience in developing consumer-led brand experiences and implementing strategic marketing plans, and over ten years' experience project managing large event activations and grass roots marketing campaigns. i've been recognized for my effective communication skills, budget and project management, organizational skills and cross functional team collaboration in fast paced environments.
marketer specializing in building and planning brand strategy, digital marketing, media relations, social media strategy, content marketing and event activation. i began my marketing & communications experience by creating and planning marketing activations to support the store sales performance of one of a well-known department store in indonesia. from there i moved to adidas, one of the best sports company in the world to be their main contact to ensure the global brand strategy and plan can be rolled out in the market. i grew and learnt a lot as a professional during my position as the brand communications & sports marketing manager for adidas in indonesia. i learnt on how to create and build a strategy that can fits the global brand objective but at the same time adjusting it to the market's needs. i also lead a team of six where we ensure to be able to support the requests from other departments within the company and also our franchise customers, the role gave me the opportunity to grow my people management skills. in addition, i was also responsible to manage the marketing budget ensuring that the investments made by the brand were on-track and effectively used against the planned campaigns and activations over the years. i took pride on the achievements that i have made during my times in adidas indonesia from successfully maintain the brand's equity as the #1 sports brand in indonesia for the past 7 years up to enhancing the usage of the brand's instagram account as a channel to drive sales and creating the strategy on how adidas runners jakarta, the brand's owned running community will launch in the market. i am a fast learner and a multitasker who can work well both individually or within in a team. i aim for perfection in any of my work, with a clear objective on what i need to achieve. i also have a clear communication style and enjoy thinking out of the box when doing an assignment. furthermore my principle in work is to always do the 'extra mile' and i believe that any challenge in work will always have a solution.
- more than 20 years experience in sales and marketing for one of the leading luxury car manufacturers. - passionate multicultural manager. french, german and indian (oci) citizenship. lived in germany, france, belgium and india. - strong expertise in marketing communications, events/sponsoring, digital marketing, lead generation/acquisition, sales funnel management, cro, crm, dealer marketing, product & price management, business planning, sales and business development, strategy. - expert for asia and emerging/volatile markets.
strategic, results oriented and easily-adaptable professional with diverse background both in company segments, sizes and nationalities as well as in practice, focusing in marketing for the past 8 years, but with previous experience in sales and trade marketing.
over 10 years in the tech industry telecom, mobile, e-commerce, o2o, classifieds | specialized in early-stage startups | has gone through all kind of things crazy-growth, turn-arounds, m&a, spin-offs, shutdowns | experienced in growth models, user acquisition, frequency & retention | vast experience in building and managing offline sales channels & customer experience structures | sees value in growth-hacking and in branding | loves to work for the underdog/challenger/disrupter provided it is willing to move really really fast
i spent 20 years in taking up challenges in & for different categories, expertises, countries, organizations... my inner dynamic is about fixing great objectives and achieving them! i developed valuable knowledge and skills around business strategy, p&l, marketing & communication strategy, digital transformation, crm and data insights. i worked as well in a very enriching international environment, whether at a global - regional - local organizational level, or relocated in different countries (france, mexico, england or finland). i worked in agencies and companies, developing different point of views, competencies and way of working with my teams, colleagues, clients, management or network. thanks to those experiences i deepened my knowledge in different industries' challenges such as fashion, beauty, tourism, luxury, services, automotive, technology, fmcg, entertainment... i developed strong management skills and relationship building capabilities. i am now exciting to start a new professional challenge in a pure player structure going international ! 'there is nothing permanent except change.' h raclite d'eph se 'it is the ultimate luxury to combine passion and contribution. it's also a very clear path to happiness.' sheryl sandberg ' the important thing is not to stop questioning. curiosity has its own reason for existing'. albert einstein
implementation of communication strategies, media plans management, digital strategy (performance, customer experience, sea, seo...), creation of specialized journalists networks, crisis communication devices, writing speeches, articles, press releases... #communication #marketing #sea #seo #rs #rp ********** contact me camille.lepoisson gmail.com 06 25 45 17 81
i have a degree in business administration, with a postgraduate degree in marketing and two international specializations, in entrepreneurship from babson college, and project management from ohio university. i have seven years of experience in sales, advertising, and new business development in media companies, including estad o, the most influential newspaper in brazil. while as a new business manager, i helped found media lab estad o, its innovation lab. in the last three years, i invested my career as a public relations and communications manager. both of them occurred in the first two brazilian unicorns, 99 and nubank, where i could work in an agile ecosystem in constant changes.
as chief marketing officer (cmo) at the gsma, stephanie lynch-habib is responsible for driving the association's global marketing and communications strategy to support and enable business success for the gsma and its members. stephanie is a global leader in the technology sector, with over 25 years of experience. before joining the gsma in september 2019, stephanie was cmo at colt technology services where she spearheaded their marketing strategy. before colt, stephanie spent 16 years with at&t business emea and held many senior roles including global marketing director, sales vice president (vp), and sales vp iot and strategic solutions. during her time in at&t, stephanie was a founder of the at&t european women's network, was nominated twice to fortune's most powerful women next generation conference and was a frequent contributor to the huffington post's women in stem series.
full stack marketing executive with both start-up/scale-up and corporate leadership experience. global & local experience across north america, asia and europe. growth/performance marketing, brand marketing, digital marketing, strategy, new market development, consumer insight, branding, innovation/product development and cross-functional team leadership.
20 years of strong marketing background on inspiring brands. leadership / change management / strategy / brand repositionning / innovation / promotion / media / digital. international and local experience. retail and foodservice.
formada em publicidade e propaganda e p s graduada em marketing, com 20 anos de experi ncia na rea. experi ncia de marketing em mercados de alta competi o e press o por resultados forte conhecimento das estrat gias de marketing (produtos, servi os e varejo) habilidade na condu o de equipes, parceiros comerciais e processos internos alta capacidade de adapta o a novas realidades (mercados e regi es) atua o focada na busca pelos indicadores do neg cio, objetivando o planejamento estrat gico da empresa capacidade de realiza o desenvolvimento e implementa o de projetos. experi ncia e controle de budget anual otimizado atrav s de an lise de necessidades e defini o do foco de investimento. startup e planejamento do departamento de marketing e marketing digital, trabalhei com planos para aumento de demanda de servi os, posicionamento, constru o de marca, mapeamento da jornada do cliente, gest o de m dia, gest o de canais sociais e digital branding. gest o de kpi's. implanta o do departamento de customer experience desenvolvendo a cultura da experi ncia do cliente, especialista em sucesso do cliente, projetos no mbito de crm, atendimento, melhoria de processos e servi os, uso de novas tecnologias, comunica o e novos servi os com vis o disruptiva e de inova o vasta experi ncia em constru o, gest o de branding. prop sito, valores de marca. lan amento de marcas, produtos e servi os em mercados de alta complexidade. gest o de crise, pr, visibilidade de marca, comunica o interna, assessoria de imprensa, a es de cidadania, planejamento de m dia, a es promocionais e eventos. #marca #brand
i am always traveling because i am passionate about discovering new versions of myself, people and cultures. and that says a lot about me. i often strive to create a different point of view about everything, perhaps just as a way to keep in mind that our perception is made up of multiple truths. working with innovation is certainly no coincidence. i find in the startup environment the ideal conditions that make me feel complete. my experiences developed me in growth, marketing, digital transformation, negotiation, tech international business expansion, operations and complex projects management (agile methodologies, as scrum and kanban). have improved these skills in an mba (funda o dom cabral - brazil) and in a phd (universidad de zaragoza - spain) has helped me to complement the practical vision with the academic one. entrepreneur since the age of 14, founder | ceo of a startup when i was 25 and experience in fortune 500 companies and consultancies in strategy building assignments, new business development in new markets and leadership of multidisciplinary and multicultural teams. this is other information about my experiences that can help you get to know me better. now, if you recognized yourself in something you read above or in the thoughts that i share, feel free to write me. i will be happy to hear from you. )
experienced, innovative leader, with a passion for building highly motivated, results driven teams with a strong focus on people, inclusion & technology.
#marketing + #startups + #technology are the three primary columns sustaining my current professional path, powered by tons of common sense and a unique trajectory in marketing, business development, sales and entrepreneurship in the private, not-for-profit and government sectors.
 senior advisor aupr s de la children s tumor foundation, en charge de la collecte de fonds, du d veloppement et de l organisation d v nements de prestige en france et bruxelles ambassadrice essec business school une exp rience de quatorze ann es dans l h tellerie au cours desquelles j ai d velopp mon sens du leadership, ma ma trise de la n gociation, du d veloppement commercial et de la fid lisation client, mon esprit d' quipe et d initiative, ma capacit d adaptation ainsi que mes comp tences relationnelles et manag riales. membre du r seau elles les audacieuses, r seau des femmes de la soci t civile engag es dans le d bat d id es et l action. un profil international forg lors de mes vingt et un d m nagements en france m tropolitaine (paris, la fl che, valence...), outre-mer (nouvelle-cal donie) et l tranger (costa rica, pologne, australie,ilemaurice...). trilingue fran ais (langue maternelle) anglais (courant, langue de travail) espagnol (courant, langue de travail) 
- highly ambitions digital / performance marketing professional with 10 years of experience - strong analytical skills with comprehensive experience in various online marketing channels - solid capacity to manage multiple projects that drive revenue growth and roi optimization - passionate about helping companies and disruptive startups building operations, teams and processes - experience and understanding of the brazilian and latin america markets specialities business development, digital marketing, growth, media planning, performance marketing, e-commerce strategy, online retail, paid media channels, email marketing, affiliates marketing, facebook marketing, content marketing, sem, web analytics, social media, real time bidding (rtb), team building and leadership, hiring.
driven sales professional with successful sales experience. i specialize in marketing strategy and implementation of modern marketing techniques. my diverse educational background in hospitality and marketing has led me to pursue a career in oil & gas sales. proficient communication skills, i communicate well at all levels of an organization and facilitate conversation among areas of an organization dealing with service development. i excel in effective branding and help develop a unique company identity and sales presence. currently working on obtaining my capm designation. specialties social networking, blitz marketing, market awareness, adaptive selling, marketing planning, organizational planning, prospecting, long-term relationship building skills and retention 'formal education will make you a living self-education will make you a fortune.'-jim rohn no matter what happens in life, be good to people. being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind. 
a 1985-born vietnamese marketer passionate at developing local brands and local marketing talents, who has the mixed backgrounds & roles of an aggressive & transforming entrepreneur driving and developing businesses since 2008, an award-winning strategist & executive creative director on the agency side, and a business-impact-proven seasoned, disruptive marketer in the fast-pacing, technology changing business world, experiencing and growing in different environments covering leading multinationals, big locals or tech giant startups, across 15+ varied categories. bring an agency to one of the top names in the below-the-line industry from 2007 to 2011. 2012 continue bringing another agency from zero to a reputed local pride & the most international-award-winning local agency in vietnam since 2016, championing strategies, branding, creative, digital, pr & activation with 12+ million usd annual revenue, becoming the first ever local creative agency acquired by a global group - dentsu ageis network since 2019. contribute to driving the significantly amazing comeback of the heritage brand biti's in 2016 & later with many best-in-class campaigns in the market so far for this no.1 footwear brand, and achieve double domestic business over 3 years. create and develop a powerful change-creation experiential education platform to build the next vietnamese purposeful marketing leaders - young marketers, empowered by top local marketers in vietnam since 2013, turning into the most prestigious & desired program for young marketers in the country. achieve 70+ global, regional awards such as a bronze in cannes lions 4 golds, 2 silvers & 2 bronzes at pr asia awards 1 bronze at tangrams effectiveness 2 golds for best communications & best brand relationship communications at asia pacific excellence awards 2016 30+ golds/silvers/bronzes at the smarties mma mobile marketing awards global, apac & vietnam, 30+ youtube ads leaderboard & many more.
great things happen when you align your passion and your skills. my passion lies in helping people transform and turning vision into reality and i think i m pretty skillful at it. i ve been fortunate enough to live at this intersection during my 9+ years at linkedin. i ve helped build the canadian and us marketing solutions businesses. i played a vital role in growing our marketing solutions account services team from 10 90 in north america. as a leader i empower my team members to pursue their passion and reach their potential. the success of my team continues to be my driving force. to facilitate linkedin's hyper growth mode, i've built tools and processes to scale our business. i continue to challenge myself to find more efficient mediums to drive productivity for self, team & company. most importantly, i've coached my team members to unlock and leverage their potential in order to truly pursue their passion. currently, i'm the head of our marketing solutions business in canada and business services in the us. my team's goal is to build relationships between brands and the world s professionals to make them both more successful.
i am a proven, results-driven marketing leader with a track record of building and scaling high performing teams. before embarking on a career in tech, i was an award-winning journalist with fortune magazine, cbc news and other top tier media organizations. i am currently chief marketing officer at top hat, a fast-growing venture-backed saas scaleup that helps professors at 750 of the top universities and colleges in north america engage millions of students more effectively through interactive content and learning environments. i lead a team responsible for driving top hat s overall marketing strategy, with ownership over brand management, corporate communications, public relations, product marketing, customer acquisition and retention and marketing planning and execution. as a member of top hat s executive team, i help drive the overall strategy and success of the company. prior to joining top hat, i was senior vice president, marketing at vision critical, a cloud based customer intelligence platform that helps yahoo, banana republic, intuit, and hundreds of other global brands build secure communities of customers they can use for ongoing feedback and insight. i led a global team responsible for brand management, corporate communications, content marketing, demand generation, field marketing, events and customer marketing. prior to vision critical, i was senior director, marketing at salesforce.com, where i led a team focused on building brand awareness and sales pipeline globally for the company s work.com application while also working closely with senior marketing leadership to build an effective content marketing program for the company. i joined salesforce through their acquisition of rypple, a social performance management application people managers at facebook, linkedin, spotify and other innovative companies used to deliver ongoing feedback, coaching, goal-setting and recognition to their teams. specialties general management recruiting, hiring and building high performing teams product marketing content marketing public relations demand generation thought leadership
i m an innovative, tech-centric global marketing executive who consistently drives brand strength and revenue growth through game-changing marketing initiatives, including breaking2 and the launch of the nike+ app. a passionate team and people leader, i strive to ignite excitement and possibility among people from all corners of the world then inspire them to contribute their best work. as a lifelong athlete, i work with an unbending belief in the power of team and a fierce commitment to bringing out the best in each player. i m most excited when working in ambiguous, high-expectation environments in which i can combine strategy, leadership and creativity to create trailblazing work. additional strengths include digital / mobile / social marketing, brand strategy, product strategy and launch, apps, technology, public speaking (executive media trained), pop/youth culture, fashion and sports. i welcome you to connect here, or reach out directly hello nikkineuburger.com.
born and raised in indonesia, piotr is a communications leader dedicated to combining data and authentic stories in building brands. his career has taken him from digital strategy through marketing organization development all the way to building iconic brands loved by millions of people. starting his career in advertising, piotr worked across multiple industries as a strategist at leo burnett (chicago & jakarta) and market lead at vml indonesia. key clients included danone, coca-cola, prudential, bca, philips, adidas and others. as the cmo of go-jek, he built the brand into a household name while driving a 100+ in-house marketing team across product marketing, strategy, creative, media, production and digital. in his tenure at the company, the business grew from 20mm to 100mm+ downloads and 5mm to 100mm+ monthly orders across 18 product verticals, while connecting the brand story to millions of customers in indonesia and beyond. currently, piotr is the founder of we are not machines, a brand advisory firm that focuses on helping companies in south east asia inject data and stories into their communications strategy. available as a speaker and for workshops focusing on brand, storytelling and growth.
highly ambitious marketing professional with sales, marketing and advertising background. specialisation in market analysis, business forecasting and customer needs assessment. results oriented, with more than 20 years of experience within the largest companies in the brazilian market. foi vice presidente de atendimento da dm9ddb, 46 anos, tem larga experi ncia profissional. na dm9 passos liderou contas como guaran antarctica, ita , jonhson and jonhson, c&a, vivo, intel entre outras. com uma equipe com mais de 50 pessoas no atendimento, marcelo teve como responsabilidade orquestrar o fluxo de trabalho dentro da ag ncia em busca das melhores solu es criativas al m de desenvolver estrat gias vencedoras para cada uma das marcas que cuida. antes da dm9, passos trabalhou na africa como diretor geral de atendimento e gest o por mais de 4 anos e foi diretor executivo da mpm propaganda, onde acumulou a experi ncia de trabalhar com clientes como burger king, leroy merlin, c&a celulares, dell, entre outras contas. o in cio da carreira, no entanto, foi como cliente. passos tem passagem pela seagram do brasil, respons vel, durante cinco anos, pela distribui o da absolut vodka no pa s. marcelo passos formado em publicidade e propaganda pela funda o armando lvares penteado (faap). tamb m constam em seu curr culo os cursos de 'marketing com especializa o em comunica o' da universidade da calif rnia, 'estrat gias de comunica o integrada em marketing' de kellogg da nothwestern university e o key executive program da harvard business school. em 2007 foi indicado ao pr mio cabor como um dos 3 melhores atendimentos do pa s, em 2011 e 2013 ganhou o pr mio como profissional de atendimento do ano pelo cabor e em 2011 pela app (associa o dos profissionais de propaganda). tamb m foi vice presidente do grupo de atendimento, conselheiro do cenp, vice presidente do iab e diretor de marketing do corinthians.
people are what drive me. i was drawn to healthcare so that i could positively impact people s lives. i started my career as a pharmaceutical medical representative over 25 years ago. i am now chief executive officer of sanofi, a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of people worldwide by transforming scientific innovation into healthcare solutions. as a leader, i firmly believe that making an impact starts within. by within , i mean inside the company at the culture level it s about how we do things, how we work with integrity, and how we empower and inspire each other to bring our best selves to work. i m a passionate champion of diversity and inclusion because in my experience, nothing does more to unleash potential, fuel innovation and drive long-term success. it s the right thing for people, and the right thing for business. what do i love most about my job that even on a tough day, i can be confident that our work has a positive impact on people either by improving a patient s life or by inspiring a colleague to advance science.
specialties innovation strategy digital consumer insight luxury, sustainability
marketing, communication, brand and digital professionnal - launch and development of major consumer brands locally and internationally magnum - bouygues telecom - ing direct - hello bank! ... - client and agency side - multichannels strategies for acquisition, media, online and offline, and management of a digital brand - digital expertise for acquiqition and e-business - crm expertise to develop cross sell and client value - p&l development for a business line and increase of operational result - team management of multicultural profiles specialties marketing and communication - consumer goods - mobile phone and high technology - digital / mobile development and optimization social networks online banking online retail
brazilian with european citizenship +13 years of experience in marketing related areas. i had the opportunity to work in different types of businesses, which alowed me to amplify my knowledge and in different marketing areas such as . consumer goods companies, such as nestl , sadia and unilever. . digital agency, such as cubocc . retail & fashion, at grupo netshoes . tech, my current position at uber specialties digital marketing | communication and media planning | branding | content marketing | growth
 mais de 10 anos de experi ncia em marketing e intelig ncia de mercado em multinacionais de bens de consumo em diversos segmentos como novartis, nestl , natura e arcos dourados (mcdonald s) s lido conhecimento no gerenciamento e otimiza o de investimento em m dias off line e digital viv ncia em mercados com comunica o altamente regulamentada como, por exemplo, nutri o infantil e licenciamento de marcas para crian as experi ncia em processos para reposicionamento de marcas e lan amento de novos produtos gest o de equipes e lideran a de grupos multidisciplinares flu ncia no idioma ingl s e boa comunica o em espanhol m rito acad mico na condi o de melhor aluno da turma de 2006 do curso de administra o da espm.
comunicadora que adora contar uma boa hist ria, seja atrav s das palavras ou por imagens que dizem por si s . uma paix o em proporcionar momentos marcantes com eventos surpreendentes. vida por novidades e uma mente que quer sempre criar algo novo e surpreender o pr ximo. focada em liderar pessoas para celebrar conquistas em conjunto. jornalista, especialista em rp e comunica o organizacional, com mba em comunica o com o mercado, que adora aprender novos idiomas para se comunicar, claro! uma vida inteira envolvida com marketing e comunica o e h 18 anos fazendo isso profissionalmente. ** communicator who loves telling a good story, either through words or images that say by themselves. a passion in providing striking moments with amazing events. greedy for news and a mind that always wants to create something new to surprise everyone. focused on leading people to celebrate achievements together. journalist, specialist in pr and organizational communication, with mba in communication with the market, who loves learning new languages in order to communicate, of course! a lifetime involved with marketing and communication and for 18 years doing it professionally.
oi, eu sou a jubs! coordenadora de marketing na paripassu, especialista em conte do e seo e l der de comunica o em redes sociais do the cmos marketers. sou formada em fotografia, design e gastronomia, tenho mba em comunica o e marketing em m dias digitais e mestrado em comunica o, com nfase em jornalismo. j trabalhei na floripa airport, moblee, imaginarium, grupo rbs, uatt e intelbras. sou apaixonada por seo e conte do! j escrevi para blogs como semrush, ag ncia wck, resultados digitais, rock content, marketing de conte do, dna de vendas, exactsales, digitalks, portal e-food, superl gica, even3, impacthub, agendor, eventbrite, hostinger, hostgator, crm piperun, tekoa, moskit crm, clientar crm, eventech brasil, social base, we do logos, eadbox, el von, advicecommerce, ag ncia inside out, eixo digital, pulpo, tire a bunda do sof , superatualizado, ag ncia dois, gummy conte do digital, next idea, aprende a , gest o de equipes, gest o click, contrate desenvolvedor, xerpa, central do franqueado e cultura colaborativa. tamb m sou uma leitora vida de livros sobre produtividade e lideran a. vamos compartilhar experi ncias 
i am an international executive with 17 years experience in leading consumer goods and fashion companies such as l or al, l occitane and havaianas. i ve occupied local, regional and global positions in 5 different countries. with a strong sense of ownership and clear strategic visions, i had the opportunity to create unique brands and products, to find simple and innovative solutions while ensuring the perfect implementation of plans, always focusing on the construction of profitable and sustainable business models. driven by passion, with freedom to innovate, courage and will to implement and a strong desire to succeed through teamwork, i have transformed brands and companies into successful businesses in diverse markets and cultures. mba degree from coppead, bachelor s degree from fgv (business administration), and international management diploma from the university of cologne. native speaker of portuguese and german and fluent in english, french and spanish.
a dynamic chief marketing officer / chief digital officer, with extensive international experience, i've carved out a reputation as a digital and e-commerce strategist, with passion for marketing technology. strong background in brand building, turning around organization and growing talent. currently chief marketing officer for the sporting life group, i've joined the turn-around project team for the golf town business and more recently been involved in the sporting life ambitious growth plan in canada. prior to joining golf town, i was part of the canadian tire organization, as senior vice president of marketing for fgl sports and mark s. there i've led the award-winning digital flyer program, re-launched successfully the sport chek and mark's brand in canada and engaged the marketing team into its digital transformation. on a daily basis, i oversaw the fgl and mark s brand journey, developed a team of marketing talents and strived for innovation through digital and social media. before 2012, my marketing experience stretched across three continents and included the introduction of brand such as nokia, managing the microsoft oem marketing team for south europe, leading the digital and global brand strategy group for lg corp in seoul, korea. a graduate of the reims management school in france, i'm an avid hockey player who thinks of canada as a massive playground and enjoys spending time in the mountains with my wife and two children.
there s no such thing as too far. you understand you push everything as far as you can. you push and you push and you push until it starts pushing back. and then you push some goddamn more!!!!' walter abrams, in 'two for the money' what is the most resilient parasite bacteria a virus an intestinal worm an idea. resilient... highly contagious. once an idea has taken hold of the brain it s almost impossible to eradicate. an idea that is fully formed - fully understood - that sticks. cobb in 'inception' 'there should be no boundries to human endeavor. we are all different. however bad life may seem, there is always something you can do, and succeed at. while there s life, there is hope. stephen hawking in 'theory of everything
25+ years of experience unilever/danone in general management, marketing and sales growth-driven trajectory growth strategy, business transformation, differentiated brands, sales execution and talented high-performing teams international career 8 countries, fluent in english, spanish, french and portuguese
an impassioned senior marketing executive, laura specializes in building high-performing, results-driven, cohesive teams. in her career, she has taken on roles spanning demand generation, brand, product, direct, digital and content marketing. laura has worked in both b2c and b2b, and in industries including ecommerce, training, finance, and not-for-profit. for the last five years, laura led the dynamic marketing and communications department for ottawa-based saas leader, assent compliance. her 40+ person department included teams focused on demand generation, content marketing, creative and brand, event marketing, advertising, web, direct marketing, social media, product marketing, operations, business development, and external and internal communications. her career to-date has demonstrated her ability to adapt to and produce demonstrable success across a variety of industries, verticals and functions. this experience led laura to found the full-service marketing agency, sweetly, in 2020. laura's idealism and optimism are reflected in the work she does outside of the office, volunteering for various organizations supporting causes including children, animal welfare, and social and environmental initiatives. she never turns down the opportunity to travel and meet new people, always has a smile on her face and will leverage her experience to guide the success of others whenever possible.
senior marketer and leader. strategic thinking. operational drive. digital skills. customer oriented. business and action driven. influencing skills. large teams management. core skills - marketing expertise strategic marketing, crm & loyalty programs, brand management, retail marketing, product development - customer experience and transformation programs management - team management (60+) - media management online & offline media strategy including digital branding (sea, retargeting, vol, drive2store), full funnel strategy - digital marketing webmarketing/ecommerce, web analytics, social media, brand content, influence marketing - international experience worked and lived in barcelona (2 years) and morocco (1 year). ability to work in an international environment across different cultures.
marketing senior executive, with more than 17 years of experience in fmcg leading companies danone, mondelez, bauducco and brf. as brand manager led priority business in different categories activia, actimel, danoninho, sonho de valsa and club social. as group manager was the leader of bauducco cereale full conception strategy and implementation among other responsibilities such as market intelligence and main businesses full marketing strategy leadership. as head of category in brf led business strategy and operation coupled with brands comunication and innovation/activation plans. current position marketing and trade director at bauducco since 2017.
equipped with a canvas of marketing expertise from 12+ years at b2b & b2c brands in 6 diverse industries, i m a brand artist & contrarian marketing director that captures audience hearts & minds through imaginative storytelling. coming from a challenger, innovation and growth mindset, i conceptualize and spearhead the art of the possible. visualizing opportunity and connecting the dots for a holistic strategy come innately to me. my secret weapons are diversity of thought, insatiable curiosity and contrarian marketing expertise. fluent in brand strategy, content strategy & social strategy, i increase revenue, drive awareness, and solidify customer relationships by orchestrating omnichannel marketing campaigns for brands. across my marketing career, i have been fortunate to work for incredible brands such as linkedin, westjet and sportchek and build marketing partnerships with amazing brands such as disney, adidas, amazon, cisco, nike, hootsuite, ibm, microsoft and more. as a marketing leader, i aim to create and contribute to an inclusive, diverse workforce landscape with a focus on global collaboration. i thrive on conversations with women of diverse backgrounds on how to dream big and design a life of authenticity. connect with me regarding speaking engagements for a panorama of topics such as marketing strategy, social strategy, content strategy, brand strategy, linkedin strategy, personal branding, linkedin profiles & empowering women.
summary of qualifications 20 years of experience in management consulting, telecommunications, information technology and financial services sectors. managerial experience with strategic planning, business intelligence, product development, sales channel management, pricing and integrated communication. ability to lead business transformation projects turnarounds, digital transformation, e-commerce, post-merger integration, startups, innovation roadmap and organizational restructuring. proven track record in delivering results such as ebitda increase by r$ 727 million in 3 years period. international experience studied in germany for 15 months to conclude undergraduate degree course and for 14 months in england to complete high school. strong analytical capabilities, developed leadership and team building skills. bachelor s degree in telecommunications engineering (poli / usp) and mba in general management (fgv / eaesp). marketing director of a non-profit organization (icf), dedicated to career orientation for university students. specialties marketing | business development | telecommunications | financial services | information technology | management consulting | b2b and b2c | services | team leadership | business transformation | business planning | strategic planning | commercial planning | competitive analysis | product management | segmentation | business intelligence | startups | digital marketing | digital transformation
professional with background in marketing and product management in several segments such as it, construction and hospitality with focus on development and strategic planning execution, increasing transactions and income revenues. personal abilities leadership skills managing resources and vendors to achieve companies' goals pursuing the best results, agile, adaptable, communication and interpersonal skills, analytic e organized specialties business, strategic planning, market intelligence, marketing and commercial planning, development and product management
i love brands. i love brands and creation. i spent 15 years in communication agencies during which i experienced the power of strong brands. brands with a clear vision, brands with a purpose just do it better than others. they inspire more. they convince more. and they just better sell. in 2014, i moved to the world of fashion and luxury and joined chlo where i had the fantastic opportunity to set up a solid brand platform and pilot its strategic execution through content, pr & celebrities, media, engagement, events and archive. 4 years during which i also launched and led chlo e-commerce p&l & strategy. september 2018 is the start of a new chapter of great creativity and brand platform development, as i m joining maison veuve clicquot leading marketing and communication worldwide. another luxury maison with a wonderful history of savoir-faire, innovation and unique legacy to women empowerment.
good communication skills, responsible, reliable, proactive, creative, dynamic and flexible. persuasive, technology oriented, like challenges. good cultural level. work well under pressure, open to learning. people oriented, good leadership skills and relationships. more than 10 years of experience in marketing, trade marketing and people management. more than 5 years of experience in digital, e-commerce and crm.
arati sharma is the director of marketing at shopify, where she leads product marketing, sponsorships, event marketing, and community development. arati joined the fast-growing startup after it acquired jet cooper, where she was leading operations, culture, and strategic programs since the early years of the design agency. arati also works on tedxtoronto's leadership team, serving as logistics director. she is also actively involved in startup weekend toronto, a mentor in ocadu's imagine catalyst accelerator, and a variety of other startup initiatives. when she's not mentoring startups or running an event, she can be found ranting about canadian politics whilst rearranging your furniture.
diretor de cria o da publicis brasil. 13 anos desenvolvendo trabalhos de comunica o integrada e plataforma digitais. h 9 anos no grupo publicis liderei criativamente opera es digitais como publicis modem, nurun e sapient ag2. experi ncia na lideran a criativa de grandes marcas como heineken, bradesco, toyota, gm, natura, vivo, j&j, brf, embraer, entre outras. nos ltimos 3 anos participei de diversos programas de lideran a criativa como the talent business, berlin school of creativity, hyper island, ideo u, publicis leaders studio. professor da ebac, no curso de dire o de cria o digital, nas horas vagas desenvolvo alguns projetos de filmmaking e conte do, como o sparktech, um canal no youtube sobre tecnologia.
as a strategist & marketer, i help orchestrate go-to-markets, aligning market trends, client demand, solution portfolios and revenue targets. my purpose is to create the conditions for growth, through differentiated and client-focused offerings, sales funnel development, and brands that deliver long-term value. i m an internationally experienced manager and i help businesses with portfolio innovation, digital transformation, client experience, and overall value creation. over the years, i ve been an active contributor to growth strategies in complex technology and services organizations that underwent significant transformation, through m&a, divestitures and global expansion. i'm currently active as cmo at sd worx. prior to that i was chief strategy & marketing officer at isabel group, belgium's largest fintech. before that, i served in various commercial and general management roles for nga human resources, (previously northgatearinso and arinso international), helping the company grow into a world leader in hr & payroll services. at nga hr i have created and shaped every aspect of go-to-market, including strategy, alliances, portfolio management, solution marketing, demand generation, communications, client experience, analytics, and digital transformation. i have experience in small, mid-sized and large organizations which blend ip, services, and technology into value-creating business solutions. i consider myself a global citizen having worked and lived in europe and north america, and having studied in the uk, us, belgium, and the netherlands.
over 19 years of experience in marketing, innovation and commercial areas, with broad knowledge of strategic planning, innovation ecosystem, product development and go to market, branding, communication and events strategies, pricing and revenue management, marketing intelligence, competitive analysis and digital transformation. professional background includes worldwide leading consumer goods and healthcare companies such as heieneken, takeda, pfizer consumer healthcare, reckitt benckiser, the coca-cola company and unilever skills summary - business planning, budget and p&l management, expansions recommendation (regional and portfolio through innovation) and m&a process and due diligence. - implementation and execution of marketing strategies with clear kpis focusing on profitability and gain of market share increasing brand relevance in consumer s repertoire - ability to build, develop, implement and track marketing activation and experience programs (events & cx) - strong skill to manage multi-functional teams with strong results in performance, profitability and team engagement - agile coach, able to manage agile squads with scrum methodology with tangible results in accelerating innovation process, problem solving and digital communication - leader of strategic projects with strong dependence of other areas commercial, finance, p&d, supply chain, regulatory affairs, legal, quality, compliance and hr - relationship management with key-suppliers pr agencies, publicity, digital and press - deep knowledge of market research, crm. trade marketing, sales, digital marketing and social media
growth marketer with a real entrepreneurial affinity, i helped many companies driving rapid growth. i graduated from grenoble ecole de management in 2015, and after working as a digital project manager in a cac 40 company, i started freelancing in 2016. in 2017, i founded a tourist website that generated 100,000 visits in 2018, mainly thanks to seo. between 2018 and 2019, i was responsible for the google support and training program for startups at station f. in parallel, i worked with 3 to 4 clients per month and regularly intervened as a trainer to help professionals and entrepreneurs to integrate the key concepts of digital marketing in their activities. today, i am growth marketing manager at phantombuster and co-manage nero bootcamp , a 3 days training in digital marketing. do not hesitate to contact me, i will be delighted to exchange with you! contact naile.titah gmail.com website https //nailetitah.com twitter n_titah mbti profile entp
marketing experience and communications focused in consumer and audience. strategic and tatic plan, since the conception until the final results, concerning on and off line campaigns. brand management and development of new products and services, focudes in branding, innovationa and sales. work experience on line, social medias twitter, facebook, instagram youtube, google, ad words, sites, intranets, blogs and hotsites, beside this, digital kpi s indicatiors, coorporative contents and campaings. off line, campaings, ooh (out of home), magazines, radios, special projects. knowledge in direct marketing, crm, metrics, platforms site construction (scup, google analytics, omninuture). criativity, flexibility, discipline, ethics and dynamism. especializations branding, market communications, neuroscience, advertisements, consulting in on and off line.
international brand awareness activation manager to attract new names around beauty, lifestyle & luxury companies to growth and built a strong database about several persuadable audiences and new target's and want to increase their international positioning. frequency traveller consultant for emea, south of america and asia. focus on new creativity experiences on pos especially to the international retail area to attract new leads and unit customers around a pillar marketing strategy and a 360 communication plan with media alliances, tv campaigns, advertising, seo, sea, drive to store and adwords analysis. development of mainly win-win brands partnerships to increase the awareness and help to growth quickly the awareness with win-win activation tools contests, sharing advertising campaigns, charity drive a media plan and a marketing business plan to analysis kpi and roi with forecast positioning and pnl strategy especially in the retail area. powerful pr & influencers database with a strategy dedicated to the digital department with the social networks.
 viver meu descanso. o mundo meu avi o. e minhas palavras a turbul ncia. 
creating purpose-driven organizations.
25 + years in general management, sales, marketing and r&d. it has been a privilegie to work with customers, employees and talented individuals in the seeds and crop protection business across the la. solid experience in brazil and latin america working in the areas of strategic planning, marketing, sales and r&d. acquired significant experience in agrochemicals, seeds and biotechnology. customers and stakeholders management, excellence in execution and implementation of strategic plans, price strategy, channel management and sales force. developed, implemented and managed several activities on a sustainable strategic base, adding value to the business. cultural diversity from living and working in brazil and north america. my goal is to not only leverage this experience into expanding my business contributions but also support the growth and development of the company, team and peers.
marketing manager, communications and business development. expertise in strategic planning, brand management, design and implementation of traditional and web strategies. recognized as having strong communication skills and excellent leadership. passionate, creative, well organized, detail-oriented, with a proactive and dynamic attitude. gestionnaire en marketing, communications et d veloppement des affaires . poss dant une expertise en planification strat gique, en gestion de marque, en conception et en mise en place de strat gies traditionnelles et web. reconnue comme ayant de fortes habilet s en communication et un excellent leadership. passionn e, cr ative, bien organis e, soucieux des d tails, ayant une attitude proactive et dynamique.
creativity plays a significant role in all aspects of my life. i enjoy painting, drawing, and storytelling. my natural creative tendencies, combined with my passion for brand management and connecting with people, have led me to an enjoyable and successful career in marketing & communications. over the past two decades, i ve been fortunate to support the brand-building and campaign development of a variety of public and private initiatives. partnering with such a diverse array of professionals has yielded a very rewarding professional learning experience for me. with every new campaign, project or initiative, i come to understand a new perspective and i am able to do my job that much more effectively. when i m not at work, you might find me presenting some of my artwork at a local gallery, cooking, or wine-tasting (i m a trained sommelier). i m a big traveller as well. i have been to 29 countries in the last 10 years and i m always thinking about my next destination. if you have any unique travel recommendations, let s talk! specialty skills include developing marketing strategies building and evolving brands creating strategic business plans designing integrated marketing campaigns staff development and workflow management working with print and digital media managing strategic partnerships event and workshop logistical planning report generation and presentation budget creation and management views expressed are my own.
i tell beautiful stories through companies, products, people, and eventually, words.
i m a 360 marketing executive, and specialise in saas, fintech and b2b / b2b2c. my customer-centricity, data-driven approach and willingness to breakdown business silos has allowed me to drive year-over-year revenue growth beyond 100% at every companies i worked at. i coach, mentor, and equip up and coming marketing & growth rockstars with the skills to scale their art and lead their teams to hyper-growth. i am currently the head of marketing at ledger (vc funded) where i deploy the global outbound and inbound marketing strategy. ledger develops security and blockchain infrastructure solutions for individuals and companies, by leveraging a distinctive, proprietary technology. previously i was the global head marketing at finalcad (vc funded - construtech in paris, selling digital transformation for the construction, infrastructure, and energy industries), chief growth officer for fastory.io (seed funded - martech in paris selling innovative mobile first lead generation software to fortune 500), and vp of growth at advisor websites (bootstrapped - fintech / regtech in vancouver selling compliant content solutions to usa & canada's largest financial institutions). experience 10 years in b2b saas marketing (branding, strategy, communication, demand gen) 13 years in tech startups & scaleups (north america + emea) in leadership roles 15 years in sales (b2b, b2c, enterprise) comprehensive commercial experience and deep technical insight specialties building & leading saas marketing, growth and sdr teams marketing strategy & implementation - from product market fit through scaling teams and expanding internationally accelerated growth - at least 100% year over year key accomplishments grown revenue 10x and teams to 50+ people hired and developed truly incredible closers, marketers and account managers created sophisticated demand gen machines that were growing 10+ % month-over-month advisor websites recognized by business in vancouver as one of the fastest growing business in british columbia in 2017 & 2018, and by profit500 as one the fastest growing business in canada in 2017 & 2018 particular interests fintech, martech, saas, health tech/medical tech, ai, b2b/b2b2c, next-generation marketplaces, world-changing big ideas outside of my work, i spend time with my wife and daughter traveling around the world. demand gen, international, b2b, b2c, blockchain, security, sales, business development, business growth, digital marketing, operations excellence, executive/management, transformation, vp, cmo
c-level executive with strong background, having held strategic positions involving marketing (growth, branding, digital, innovation, e-commerce, inbound sales and social networks), communication with stakeholders, business development and projects. specialist in education segments (b2c) at family businesses, foundations and publicly traded companies. international experience leading expansion of large projects and startups of areas and companies in brazil. focus on results-based marketing (roi), with pragmatic orientation for turnarounds and cost savings. fluent english and french. has worked in positions reporting directly to ceo. market fit education (content), health, retail, media and entertainment.
i'm a lover of marketing, negotiation, and behavioral science. over the last few years, i have started and grown negotiations ninja podcast to be the #1 negotiation podcast in the world and now lead marketing for content callout. i'm blessed with an incredible family, amazing friends and the best clients in the world.
the coloumnist of 1300 characters sm-general affair of aerowisata jkt regional programs qtc-1987 comskill-1993 afta-1996 international programs proclamation on crossing the equator program, brunei - 1989 the youth exchange program, 1989 brunei malay technology museum mal national policy at city council sin vocational school thai the temple of the reclining buddha phil mass media (news paper & tv broadcasting) jpn mass media (news paper & tv broadcasting) yuai intermediate politics, tokyo - 1995 sp prog, sin 1997 iso-9000 awareness, nz certification - 1998 yuai advanced politics, tokyo - 1998 sp prog, johannesburg, sa - 2001 sp prog, amsterdam, den haag & leiden, nl - 2001 sp prog, kl & negeri sembilan of mal - 2001 travel mart, kl, mal- 2011 pdp, the hague, den haag, nl - 2012 pdp, the hague, amsterdam, nl - 2013 journalistic experiences journalistic training at mataram university, 1987 reporter, chief of board and editor at the student press of mataram univ, 1987 - 1989 free-lance writer at bali post and nusa tenggara post, 1987 - 1999 teaching experiences akpar and pplp mataram, 1998 - 1999 air crew class and business of airline class, surabaya 2005 petra univ, surabaya 2006 gl, upi, bandung 2007 - 2010 gl, nhi, bandung 2011 gl, sbm(s2), itb, bandung, 2012 mmrs(s2) general hospital of hasan sadikin, bandung 2012 - present mmrs(s2) army hospital of dustira,cimahi 2013 - present gl,orthopedic hospital of prof. dr. soeharso, surakarta, 2013 - present gl. medical community, kediri, east java, 2014 national call of duties treasury of national sport council of west java, 2012 - present operational team of indonesia and south korea national sport council of gyeong sang bu do, 2012 - present
data-driven business manager with 6 years of experience in strategy consulting, marketing & operations in a fast-paced environment and with excellent communication skills. specialized in developing effective working relationships with senior-level management. pursued mba from hec paris (financial times top 10 mba schools 2020). a great cook, novelist, blogger, and sea diver.
passion et exp rience sont les deux moteurs de ma carri re sur les m dias digitaux depuis presque 17 ans. c'est sur cette base que j'ai cr retail 4 brands, sp cialiste du marketing sur amazon et les marketplaces. en constante innovation, nous posons les bases du shopper planning de demain! obs d par l'exp rience client, nous mettons la simplification au service de la performance.
formerly, regional president, cmo and marketing vice president, across multiple industries and geographies. currently, executive consultant, c-level mentor, board member, and certified agile coach. 30 years of international experience. full p&l accountability. top-level executive experience, from strategic planning to operations management, with special depth in all marketing and digital disciplines. extensive knowledge across consumer goods (cpg/fmcg), mobile products, consumer electronics, marketing services and automotive. worked and lived in different markets in latin america, germany, and switzerland. fluent portuguese, english, spanish and german.
i've had experience working in banking, corporate social responsibility, nonprofits, fintech and broadcast media. those roles involved strategy, communications, marketing, social media and more.
experienced advertising specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the financial industry. skilled in digital strategy, marketing management, advertising and leadership.
graduated in marketing at university of s o paulo and postgraduated in big data at mackenzie university. 7 years of solid expertise in marketing, branding, e-commerce, digital and crm, acting in big companies, responsible for developing brands in digital environment, focused on awareness and performance, partnerships with digital influencers and project management based on agile methodology.
personal website www.mairagracini.com.br passion for creating high impact marketing strategies to create brand awareness & trust, drive pipeline, revenue and companies' growth. passionate marketing professional with 15 years experience in marketing, communications, sales enablement, market intelligence and analyst relations with a special focus on the b2b market, mostly working for information technology and business services multinational companies as salesforce, dassault syst mes, atos, iqpc, informa and claro. holds a bachelor degree in marketing from esamc, a post-grad in digital marketing and communications from espm and currently is coursing a leadership program at stanford business school. currently serves as marketing director for latin america at zendesk, with the mission of fueling the growth of the company in the region. key skills b2b marketing specialized | fast-paced | customer-focused | results-oriented | multidisciplinary team worker | ownership | people management | business acumen english and spanish business fluent speaker. international experienced.
marketing director strategically-minded marketing executive with diverse international experience managing global brands in regional and local markets across latin america, europe, and the u.s. exceptional track record of driving significant and sustainable business growth. proven ability to take ownership of operations and projects, guiding them to new performance levels. recognized agent of change, championing innovation and the full integration of new programs, strategies, and mindsets. collaborate across multiple business lines to ensure a strong, cohesive approach to product marketing in alignment with market research and defined objectives. build productive internal and external partnerships. fluent in english and spanish with advance-level proficiency in portuguese specialties category and brand strategy, advertising development, marketing plan development and execution, new product development. shopper marketing strategy and execution, p&l management
experienced marketing manager with a demonstrated history of working in the photography industry. skilled in event management, marketing b2b ans b2c. strong marketing professional with a master of science (msc) focused in international business from the university of huddersfield.
15+ years experience in marketing and sales operations, with a demonstrated history of working on customer experience, digital and change programs in b2b environments - industry and service. strong background in business analysis.
 member of management committees, project management in relation to boards of directors and shareholders strategic marketing, brands, customer experience, studies / quality, customer services, communication / pr, data / loyalty / crm, digital / e-commerce, networks sectorial expertise hotels, games, restaurants, entertainment, retail, well-being launch and development of brands and digital and physical activities in france and abroad management of intercultural teams, international, support and network experience in international groups, french and sme and start'up structures management, strategy image, brands, editorial content, rp, influence, e-reputation, partnerships, digital, social media, e-commerce, seo, sea, acquisition, attribution, audiences, revenue management, distribution, datas, crm, customer experience , customer care, quality, projects, innovation
 s lida experi ncia com 20 anos de carreira ajudando pessoas e empresas no desenvolvimento de projetos de inova o e transforma o onde o digital o pilar central. atua com o foco na gest o da rea de marketing (on + off), comunica o, branding, rela es p blicas, e-commerce e design organizacional. amplo dom nio pr tico na cria o e gest o de marcas engajadoras. estive frente de diversas iniciativas inovadoras com a miss o de fazer a ponte entre os mundos digital com tradicional e online com offline participando da constru o e evolu o de estrat gias de marketing e times geis com foco no marketing e transforma o digital. reconhecido com o pr mio internacional innovation in distribuition channel award pela hanson wade, em 2015. e o pr mio alta gest o 2016, pela alta gest o s.a. professor/coordenador de p s-gradua o em gest o de marketing digital. perfil empreendedor, inovador e com vis o estrat gica do segmento digital. cidad o atuante deste 'e-cossistema' contribuindo com palestras e artigos para diversos sites abordando uma vis o ampla sobre o mundo digital. s o diversas palestras no brasil e estados unidos. co-autor de dois livros segredos do sucesso hist rias de executivos da alta gest o volume ii e iii.
trabalho com marketing digital (estrat gia e conte do) desde 2011. me formei em jornalismo pela universidade veiga de almeida - uva e tenho p s em marketing estrat gico pelo ibmec. j passei por empresas incr veis como ag ncia frog, psafe tecnologia e fsb comunica o. como freelancer, j trabalhei para globo.com e z+ (havas group). j tive a honra e o desafio de atender marcas como ativa investimentos, editora abril, embelleze, leader magazine, maxmilhas, lentes hoya, tim brasil e unimed-rio.
leveraging digital technologies to transform the organizations and boost businesses. i'm a digital native / business and results oriented / big fan of people and collaboration. developing existing brand, creating new ones in corporate, services and product environment. running strategy and operations of web, social media, crm, programmatic, analytics, sea/seo, brand and digital content, brand strategy, digital media, social selling, social influence, marketing automation...
i joined unilever straight out of university. my first job was in field sales, in the home and personal care business in madrid in spain, looking after 2 big hypermarket chains. it was the best way to start and having that early sales experienced has helped my career tremendously. after that i moved to the uk to work on the global deodorants team doing global innovation development for our biggest deo brand at the time. this really shaped my career as it exposed me to a very wide diversity of teams and job opportunities. after three years i returned to spain where i did all jobs in marketing and customer marketing ending up as general manager or the home and personal care business in spain. in 2008 i moved again to the uk to lead the deodorants european business, including cee, managing brilliant brands like axe, rexona and dove with great results. i was also heavily involved in the sara lee acquisition. i always wanted to experience working in asia and finally in 2013 i moved to singapore to lead close close up, a youth toothpaste brand operating in d&e markets for 2 years driving a great turnaround. in october 2015, i took on the challenge of leading smile (signal, pepsodent, mentadent) the unilever family oral care brand, a 1 billion euros brand present across the world and driving an amazing social mission programme. in 2017, i had the opportunity to lead the full category portfolio for 6 months, looking after the full oral care business. on september 1st 2018, i have taken on a new challenge as cgo of the danone waters division, where i will put my energy towards getting people to have healthier drinking habits and drive the sustainability agenda. at danone waters, i look after global marketing, sales and r&d.
as a customer experience professional in international transportation and travel (tourism, mobility), my expertise is in customer, innovation and change management. my conviction is that the key to successful customer experience relies on - collaborating with all actors supported by the same guiding vision, - mobilizing multi-expertise teams to focus on innovation, agility and experimentation, - combining humans - source of emotion and authenticity - with the rapid development of new technologies (digital, ai, robots, biometry). i am skilled at uniting teams around ambitious and innovative projects to offer moments of exception to the customer. my ambition make sure customer and employee are the earth of a company. my mission ensure a permanent link between strategy and execution, vision and sense of detail, design and operations, customer performance and financial performance. my keywords customer experience customer satisfaction customer journey complex problem resolution leadership of multi-cultural teams reconciling the irreconcilable constructive curiosity transformation digital transformation crisis management digital strategy management of complex projects 06 72 73 89 89 ou carole.peytavin gmail.com
transformer les enjeux pr sents et futurs en opportunit de croissance et cr ation de valeur client. motto think big, start small, move fast #changemaking #transformation #exp rience clients #strat gie #data #marketing #rse #collaboratif expertise appr hender les projets de transformation sous le prisme customer centric et rse. sp cialisation data analyse et gouvernance de la donn e et intelligence collective grande pratique des nouveaux modes de travail (transversaux, digitaux, agiles, collaboratifs), management projet de transformation data driven ,m thodes agiles (scrum/sprint/mvp) gestion de projets en mode pmo connaissance client & design des offres design thinking, business model canvas (analyses d impacts des offres sur l ensemble des parties-prenantes - formation 2017) tude ethnographiques, touch point, plateforme collaborative, open innovation, cocr ation savoir tre / soft skills dynamique, enthousiaste, f d ratrice, leadership, bonne oratrice (speaker)
i have a passion for the moment when the right product, marketing, and business model coincide to propel a company and change people s lives. i m a marketer and entrepreneur who believes in the cloud but i don t keep my head in the clouds. by using emerging digital marketing technologies and data analytics i have a knack for helping organizations develop and execute highly customized digital marketing programs focused on search engine marketing, social media, and content marketing and development. the right marketing initiatives and teams make the difference between a conventional quarterly performance and record-setting sales. as a marketing leader i drive high-quality programs that produce those record-setting sales. i m an expert at influencing change and have proven competencies in team leadership, project management, negotiation and a demonstrated ability to influence decision-makers. i am an entrepreneur at heart and growing business for myself or for others is what i do best. if you are interested in talking about how i can lead your marketing program to realize the same results for your business, feel free to connect with me here on linkedin, email me at evan neumarkets.com or call me directly at 416.906.3498.
more than 14 years an management and leadership positions in small, medium and large national and multinational companies. in particular in retail and luxury retail (tradicional retail, e-commerce and marketplace) in the segments of fashion luxury accessories (handbags, watches, glasses and jewelry), beauty, cosmetics and fragrances, technology and culture/entertainment. extensive experience in the areas of marketing, commercial, trade marketing, events, communication, brand building, digital marketing, google analytics, google ads, inbound, seo, customer experience, coolhunting, projects, innovation, cross marketing, growth and categories for b2c and b2b. expertise in working with more than 200 international brands from groups such as puig, loreal, lvmh, shiseido, coty, procter & gamble, interparfums, euroitalia, movado group, swatch group, fossil group and others. member mulheres no varejo / mulheres no e-commerce.
d finition et d ploiement de strat gies marketing digitales adapt es au d veloppement d une activit commerciale, avec des co ts d acquisition et de gestion client orient s sur retour sur investissement. - digitalisation d organisation. en partenariat avec les autres directions de l'entreprise, int grer le digital aux niveaux strat gique et op rationnel (ex marketing produit, relation clients, call centers, forces de vente terrain). - gestion du centre de profit, le web comme point de vente. pilotage complet d une activit commerciale sur internet (p&l), - par des actions de notori t et/ou orient es roi campagnes d acquisition marketing web, prm / crm - par des supports de pr sence sites internet, mobile, application, web-to-store (merchandising, animation commerciale, ergonomie, services). multi-secteur retail, produits culturels, hi-tech, tourisme encadrement d quipes (jusqu 50 pers), pilotage de projets complexes (dont 2 refontes web), coordination d activit s multicanales initi es par le digital.
professional with more than 20 years of experience, working in leading companies in theirs segment. marketing, business intelligence, digital, ecommerce and predictive analytics. specialties marketing, digital marketing, performance media, start ups, e-commerce, seo , sem, social media , site merchandising, ux (user experience) and branding.
an innovation enthusiast. an energetic, analytical and creative with more than 18 years working with communication strategies including 6 years developing on and offline roadmaps in multinational companies, adding brand value through exciting content, diversity mindset and gender equity campaigns from the inside out of the company. i am currently head of content at ogilvy brasil responsible for digital strategy and ogilvy studios operations with more than 30 clients. previously director at mynd_music2 group operation, a producer expert in brand experience and strategy, creative content, digital influencers platform and also responsible for warner music media in brazil. also worked for avon brazil developing integrated consumer and representative marketing strategies leading communication initiatives to integrate on line and offline advertising together with agencies and partners producers to build strong foundations for brand differentiation, sales results, share of voice and buzz growth. awards - 10 best global campaigns with 2016 lgbt themes - b9, 2017 grand prize the best campaigns of the year - repense o elogio (avon) - brandblazers_ - avon brasil digital content platform and beauty influencers_e a ta pronta - brand in campaign (ethnic equity) to black friday digital 2016 - best snapchat brand in 2016 by share social media award speaker at grls festival 2020 speaker at uhull connect festival bahia 2020 columnist at vogue brasil #voguegente member of gerety award global jury 2020 member of gerety award brazil jury 2019 curator and speaker at menos 30 festival 2019 speaker at rd summit festival 2019 speaker at youpix summit 2019
- experiente em marketing digital na gera o de oportunidades. - relacionamento com clientes e gerenciamento de neg cios com foco nos objetivos de vendas. - conhecimento nas estrat gicas para transforma o de servi os e experi ncia do cliente. - planejamento estrat gico e vis o de neg cios por servi o. - administra o e controle do budget por unidade de neg cios. - relacionamento com a imprensa. - organiza o de eventos de pequeno, m dio e grande porte. - larga experi ncia em empresas do setor de tecnologia. - experi ncia como office manager no gerenciamento da unidade brasil para reas administrativas e rh.
me energetic passionate strategic thinker action-oriented determined solution-oriented fast learner team coach my skills 360 brand building innovation digital p&l management advertising & communication business development team leadership creative management media trade marketing transition leadership
mon r le en tant que consultante social m dia est de vous aider utiliser les r seaux sociaux comme moyen d'acqu rir de la visibilit et de la l gitimit , et de vous placer comme acteur majeur dans votre domaine. l'acquisition de leads sur des plateformes comme linkedin est une de nos offres phare, vous apportant des r sultats rapides et un roi positif.
experienced commercial marketing manager with a demonstrated history of working in the broadcast media industry. skilled in digital strategy, vod, mpeg standards, social media, and digital tv. strong sales professional graduated from ecole nationale de commerce de paris.
executive level marketing communications professional with 15+ years of brand strategy expertise generating earned and owned media using both traditional and digital channels. effective in stakeholder relations, negotiating, conceiving and cultivating mutually beneficial partnerships. i also work in change management and speak about diversity and inclusion especially as it relates to the public relations and marketing sectors. i am actively looking for new opportunities.
at this moment i work as marketing manager at magazineluiza, one of the biggest and most important retail stores in brazil. my team are responsible for keeping its reputation in every channel as well as relationship with our clients through social networks, and influencer marketing strategies. we built the biggest worldwide retailer brandchannel on youtube and the first brazilian virtual influencer, called lu.
since first launching my career in the premium and luxury apparel and fashion industry more than two decades ago, i have developed and refined my personal brand identity as a relationship builder, change agent, risk mitigator, skillful negotiator and an inspirational team leader. i am keenly attuned to the reality that for companies to thrive in today s market, we must migrate traditional businesses to digital/ omnichannel organizations . we must be customer-focused before channel focused, and committed to developing a company culture that reflects diversity, sustainability, and practical and responsible decision making , able to quickly and efficiently execute complex strategic plans to achieve results on multiple levels. a brief snapshot of how this has played out in my career is illustrated by my top-three accomplishments * developing the holt renfrew luxury menswear business over a ten-year span into an internationally recognized brand and nearly doubling the business in size and sales revenues. * restructuring the hugo boss canadian subsidiary, transforming it from a wholesale-centric brand to a multichannel, premium/luxury brand while increasing sales and profitability. * building, motivating, and empowering strong and passionate teams and individuals, including those that have earned multiple industry awards and recognitions. specialties transformational sales leader | strategic planning | risk mitigation | p & l responsibility | retail | luxury | apparel | wholesale
highly accomplished executive director/v.p. sales and marketing with comprehensive experience leading strategic planning, award-winning intergrated marketing campaigns for major corporate brands and associations in the hotel and tourism industry. known for a collaborative style, building strong teams that work well together. proven success in sales management, repositioning brands, developing and implementing integrated marketing plans, financial management, communications and establishing digital and social media strategies. areas of expertise strategic planning, operational management, branding & positioning, digital marketing, data base management, financial management , advertising and media, web site content, leisure packaging, social media, new products & programs, entrepreneurial start-ups
what separates devebyte marketing from most agencies is that we are focused on 2 huge things.. results & roi w/ google adwords, facebook, & instagram advertising. for all of my linkedin contacts. i d like to make a special offer to you. contact me and i ll show you what your competitors internet marketing strategies are in your respective industry. or if you qualify i will show you where your website is leaking money, where in adwords you re losing money, and how to maximize performance with your existing budget for free! i ll do this at no cost in exchange for a testimonial & 30 minutes of your time. i ll show you how to do online lead gen the right way. i ve personally been responsible for delivering thousands of leads daily to websites in the cosmetic, auto, mobile app, and esoteric niches. i use the most cutting edge technology as well as best practices, and experience to drive quality traffic and produce high quality leads. tactics include seo, ppc, split testing, and conversion rate optimization to make sure you re found online, but more importantly to make sure you get leads! we re serious about results and roi. anyone can get you more traffic with the click of a mouse and a budget. but it takes real measurable strategies to get you leads and profitability, and that s what makes our clients happy. call me at 1-587-986-2919 or personally email me at danny devebyte.com and please mention you are a linkedin connection of mine for your free competition analysis. schedule a strategy session with us - www.devebyte.com/
20 years experience in international general management in defense & aerospace industry in a complex, international & technological environment 3 main stages 1 / sales management & leadership, with major successes in the netherlands, russia, asia, america from the south, the middle east and europe 2 / international - with country leadership & general management role in libya and especially in the united arab emirates for 5 years with a/ management of local branches & jv and their restructuring, b / multicultural team management (350 to 400 people / 30 nationalities), c / partnership development & management, d/ significant increase in order intake as well as overall profitability 3 / general management and in particular a / development of new products with strategic impact son the business (radar, digital platform), 2 / strategic partnerships, 3 / activity restructuring and process rationalization (activity spread over 4 sites) contributing to an overall improvement in ebit.
core belief great execution is the ultimate differentiator. energetic self-starter and continuous learner, focused on leading growth with a performance and data-informed mindset a critical thinker, decisive leader and strong collaborator who leads with clarity and transparency, and is comfortable doing the daily blocking & tackling often needed at a scale-up strong understanding of demand gen and lifecycle marketing, and how best to integrate with sdr, sales & customer success teams. (product) growth recent experience with marketplaces, freemium, growth funnels and designing upgrade paths. hypothesis-driven experimentation and user psychology is my jam! i've done a ton of product marketing in the past as well. everything from documenting the buying process and developing buyer & influencer personas to segmentation and sales playbooks. proven to build high performance marketing teams (i strive to build teams that can fulfill the mission without me). i set clear expectations and give my team ownership, autonomy and clear purpose. build successful relationships with go-to-market teams (outside marketing) whilst keeping them informed, energized and aligned to organizational messages, pricing strategies and gtm tactics. i can context-switch fairly fast and enjoy it. i ve also hired the skill of being great at high-level strategy and atomic-level execution. i actively manage my energy, not my time. proud entj frank, decisive, assume leadership readily. young companies, some advice marketing is a major force-multiplier in saas. not only does it help bring in leads and build pipeline, it also brings leverage in hiring & fundraising. do not wear we don t do marketing as a badge of honour.
i lead transformations that enable organizations (and their clients) to develop, grow and work more efficiently. local cloud offline online office remote regional national frustrated engaged impeded productive i do this by asking questions, developing practical strategies, crystal-clear action plans and engaging support models. in other words, i turn change that can feel scary into an empowering experience - creating alignment, inspiring action, driving measurable results and establishing competitive advantages. who i help i'm seeking to lead technology, marketing, channel or sales programs at a progressive organization that s making a positive impact on their people and the world around them. my background i'm an adaptable, award-winning strategist, sales, marketing, channel and communications leader with extensive technology, telecommunications and public sector experience. proud accomplishments led g suite transformation and cloud migration of the telus marketing organization, boosting market agility and operational efficiency, while improving customer experience and team member engagement. launched telus wireless services in northern canada, instantly adding $30-million per year in profitable growth with nominal capital investment. developed an innovative, hyper-efficient community-based marketing strategy, inspiring nationwide adoption and delivering hundreds of thousands of new subscribers to date. transformed a greater toronto area consumer-focussed retail distribution channel into a hybrid consumer-business/enterprise powerhouse, delivering hundreds of thousands of subscribers from canada s largest corporate accounts. pioneered remote work and built a highly-engaged remote team, scoring 100% team engagement 4 years running. received two telus commemorative coins for achieving great outcomes from ceo darren entwistle in a single year. my values i bring my a-game to everything i do. i believe that better is always possible. i welcome adversity, and always find a way. i adopt early, move fast, measure and adjust as i go. i offer a passion for empowering others through technology, a creative entrepreneurial spirit, and a bias for action that gets things done. i m also a proud dad of two boys, health and wellness enthusiast, aspiring cook, yogi, and fan. if you're looking for someone who 'gets' the future you're trying to create, let's chat. send me a connection request on linkedin, or email at xian.newman icloud.com.
what i do i help coaches, consultants, and professionals package their expertise into digital products and automate their front-ends to serve more clients, increase revenue, and gain more time. where i ve been i m a senior digital marketing strategist with 20+ years experience in roles of chief executive officer, chief operating officer, and executive producer. i ve worked with fortune 500 corporations to define their digital strategies, and i ve helped small, fast-paced start-ups raise equity financing. i ve built and mentored digital marketing teams and created campaigns that have resulted in millions of organically generated leads. my products and services have been used by large corporations such as microsoft, honeywell, harley davidson, as well as small businesses and individuals, and have been the best-selling in their categories on amazon for over 10 years. where i am now i left the corporate world in 2003. since then, for half the year my family and i are slowly sailing around the world. i run my business from our boat - sometimes we're at dock in some small village, sometimes we're anchored off a remote island. i serve my clients just as well when we're sailing, maybe even better, because i love what i do, and where i am able to do it from. i'm a firm believer that your business should fit your lifestyle, and not the other way around. how i can help you today i assist coaches, consultants, and professionals to package their expertise into digital products so they can scale their businesses, and ultimately enjoy a better quality of life. i do this by teaching a framework that enables you to automate the marketing, sales, and delivery of your core solutions. if you are a coach, consultant or professional and you are ready to make a greater impact, generate more revenue, and scale, then i'm here to help. ready to learn more attend an upcoming free web class at www.jpeterwhite.com
meet kylie! kylie is a sales, marketing & brand professional with 9+ years industry experience working in both brand and agency settings across various industries (sports, retail, fast casual, recruiting). a high performer with extensive knowledge and proven success in all elements of client management, marketing/brand development, business development, ecommerce, social media, digital marketing, recruiting, events and strategic business consulting. kylie is proficient in the full microsoft office suite, seo, social media (facebook, instagram, linkedin, etc.), hootsuite, mail chimp, salesforce, shopify, wordpress, woocommerce, google/ecommerce analytics and ad/media buying. www.forplaybutter.com | forplaybutter 
experience in marketing and sales. marketing and sales executive in brazil and abroad. specialties sales experience, marketing as crop and product manager, branding, cotton value-chain experience.
i have developed a skill set directly-relevant to interact with different backgrounds, expertise, and cultures. i have over 10 years of experience in customer relationship / marketing / business development/ innovation projects. my last job position was working as a project and process specialist coaching on innovation challenge at ita -unibanco is the largest privately-owned bank in latin america. knowledge and developing projects into functional products or processes using agile methodology(kanban, canvas, design thinking, and nps) i receive a master's degree in marketing and business management. i lived for 7 months in ireland to improve my english skills and focusing on cultural immersion. i strive for excellence and i am not satisfied with the bare minimum. amanda.os me.com +5511996467096
 seasoned and highly adaptable communications professional expertise in corporate, internal and marketing communications, public relations skilled at distilling complex information and rendering it easy to understand, read, distribute and access solutions-based approach innovative and creative fluently bilingual in english and french (oral and written) my work experience includes the high-tech, fashion retail and non-profit sectors. specialties internal communications and branding strategies
directeur e-commerce & marketing digital marketing online & digital acquisition / sites web / fid lisation-crm e-commerce strat gie / exp rience utilisateur / gestion de catalogue gestion d quipe recrutement / formation / accompagnement gestion de partenaires appels d offres / suivi / veille techno analyses & reporting strat gie & kpis / web analytics / recommandations
. passionate about creating brands and businesses. . believer that we can all achieve the unthinkable. . sure that we never stop learning. . inspired to leave a legacy. . drive to create connections. my professional background . solid career in marketing and business management with over 15 years of experience . specialized on reshape brands & portfolio to unlock growth, creating long term value . experience in all marketing disciplines (business, innovation, brand building, communication and insights) . digital, media and experiential marketing lover . local, regional, and global roles . cross-functional and multi-cultural leadership experience . trend seeker and authentic communicator 
accomplished marketing communication executive with extensive experience in leadership management, strategic integrated communications planning including public relations, advertising and business leadership with unique blend of expertise in both latin america and us markets. systemic vision of the communication & marketing tools and their respective economic and financial impact in the business. creative strategist with demonstrated success in championing and developing products/services into market leaders as multi-million dollar revenue generators. high impact bringing great results in building strong collaborative and diverse teams. expertise/skills branding advertising integrated marketing communications corporate communications media relations public relations presentations/ public speaker new business development event planning & execution team leadership social responsibility digital transformation crisis management boards & associations member of board of directors at aba (brazilian advertisers association), 2017 to date board member cenp (conselho executivo de normas padr o), 2019 to date board member of live university - ibramerc, 2017 to may 2019
experienced president with a demonstrated history of working in the photography industry. skilled in negotiation, photography, budgeting, business planning, and microsoft word. strong professional with a bachelor of arts (b.a.) focused in transportation design from uieu.
25 years experience in brand management and marketing mainly in the sport industry and for recognized brands (sport 2000 group, reebok, siemens , sfr,..) specialties expert in brand and offer strategy sport and consumer goods distribution international marketing and sports marketing experience added value through innovative marketing & communication plans to ensure a profitable business development
experienced branding and business leader a social scientist who loves data in service of making a positive impact through meaningful brands' strategy and results. a career developed over many years at nestl , unilever, johnson&johnson and, currently, natura, putting costumer-centricity into action.
highly successful in on-line event management and promotions with proven success in developing new revenue. innovative, detail-oriented, and passionate digital marketer with over 5 years of experience in initiating, developing, and improving the value of products across diverse competitive market space. well-versed with hands-on experience in content marketing, email marketing/ crm, organic and paid search strategy, social media, a/b testing, online media buying, and omnichannel strategy. results-driven, with a focus on brand image and profitability. extraordinarily focused and goal-driven with a proven track record of projecting, identifying, analyzing, and implementing solutions to a series of complex situations with measurable, and evident results. adept in the utilization of design software and sophisticated business tools targeted towards business advancement with demonstrated excellence in creating result-driven blueprints to improve business methods and objectives compliance.
just fyi - i don't accept linkedin requests from people i have never met in person or that i have a contact before. - having worked in the ict sector for more than 15 years in 2 continents, i have a passion for what technology and digital can do for consumers - i have used this passion to grow businesses or transform functions in large companies leading marketing, commercial, strategic functions and p&ls, moving seamlessly from the strategic to the operational - i am a change agent the common thread through all my roles is that each has had a significant strategic turnaround design and implementation component, in multinational or complex matrix environments - i operate well in challenging circumstances. i build highly engaged customer focused teams and culture - i have a highly analytical, innovative, inspiring, commercial and customer driven business focus skills strategy | digital | brand | marketing | business development | cdo | cco | cmo | p&l management | coo | consumer channels | transformation | leadership | analytics | customer experience | b2b | b2c | innovation | digital transformation | team management | leadership | internet of things | international
member of the board of management of peugeot motocycles, sales, marketing, after sales, regions incl. apac 15+ years experience and proven track record of establishing global premium brands in complex multinational organizations in sales, after sales, brand and marketing communication. demonstrated ability to drive and lead a creative marketing strategy. experience in building a premium customer journey and driving sales through customer experience. follow me on twitter julien_geffard peugeotscootes on instagram peugeotmotocycles.com peugeot-motocycles.com
specialties web analytics, e-crm, seo, sem, e-business
passionate about the way digital and technology transformations can drive business and make people's life easier, i have over 15 years of experience in the hospitality (accor), media (tf1, canal +), teleco (upc, sfr) and retail sectors. my expertises - digital, tech (agile) and cultural transformation - p&l accountability - ecommerce - customer experience (ux) in omnichannel and international contexts - data, analytics and business performance - digital marketing and crm - management of multi-cultural teams and cross-functional projects - management of partnerships (google, alibaba, tencent, apple, amazon, netflix, ...) - innovation based on artificial intelligence use cases - information systems / tech
i have more than 13 years experience with corporate and b2b events. i started my career in live marketing agency s with events designer and planning. now a days i still work with corporate events but focused on strategic development, team leadership, cost center budget control (aop), development of new roi technology s and managements controls for events, third-party event vendor management, communication development for internal/sales teams and external stakeholders regarding events subjects by social media, email mkt, events, webinars and other tools.
sales development representative at rankmyapp. unraveling the universe of technology. focus on prospecting strategies and lead management. online content producer. mediation of conflicts basic training course. available at https //mediacaoparatodos.com/ worked for two years at mol - online mediation brazilian startup https //www.mediacaonline.com/ alternative conflict resolution facilitation and negotiation between parties. enrolled at the master program in peace, development, security and international conflict transformation, at the university of innsbruck https //www.uibk.ac.at/peacestudies/ digital marketing nanodegree program at udacity confirm.udacity.com/pgah7gve
professional with 15 years of experience in leadership in marketing, trade marketing, commercial, sales administration, merchandising, strategic planning, direct and indirect channels, omnichannel ,b2b and b2c. segments food, pharmaceutical, pet, telecom, electronics, educational and e-commerce.
i am a forward-thinking business development executive with over 20 years experience leading global strategic marketing, sales, innovation, trade marketing and customer development teams in fmcgs. my broad domestic and international expertise (united states, brazil, mexico, central europe, russia and africa) leading multi-functional and multi-cultural teams enables me to provide thought leadership and transformational growth across all commercial areas through strategic creation & implementation of new product launches, processes improvements and innovative consumer, shopper and digital marketing campaigns. i am highly skillful at developing high functioning talent, building and inspiring agile commercial teams prepared with a growth mindset to foster experimentation and unlock sustainable business growth pathways. i pride myself on being a collaborative leader with a pioneering attitude and passion for strategic marketing, purpose-driven brand building, development of actionable/meaningful people-centric insights and analytics for smarter business decisions. throughout my career, i developed a solid background managing multi-million dollar p&l, driving top line sales, profitability and market share. in my previous role as head of marketing for colgate palmolive s oral, personal and home care categories, i re-shaped the company s p&l for sustainable growth through revenue growth management and portfolio innovation that drove average selling price +30% and strengthened business margin in key categories by +2000 bps in 3 years. i also drove media transformation, embedded digital capabilities and grew the toothpaste category market share to a 10-year record high. prior to that, i worked as the director of customer development for colgate s indirect trade and pharmacy business in mexico where i collaborated to improve our market share position and grew sales 60% ahead of the market, promoting customer engagement and upgrading joint business planning. i am native portuguese speaker, fluent in english and spanish proficient in italian and french. if you would like to discuss my background or have any specific questions, please feel free to contact me through my profile. specialties digital marketing |trade marketing retail category development new product development sales | insights | analytics innovation shopper marketing content strategy media landscape & strategy route & go-to-market strategies advertising development revenue growth management budget | p&l | forecasts
i'm a passionate digital marketer and journalist with extensive experience with content marketing, branding, pr, branded content, and digital marketing. my career in the comms and marketing field started back in 2006, and since then, i have had the opportunity to manage global teams, launch new brands and content projects, and travel the world covering events and placing brands for all the audiences. i've been seeking for manners of hacking companies and leverage innovation, making communications clear and valuable for employees, customers, press and market in general. i have a bachelor's degree in journalism (uninove), master of business administration in digital data marketing (fiap), and specializations in data science (john hopkins and duke university), and digital marketing (the university of illinois at urbana-champaign).
accordez-vous un expert en marketing ! j accompagne les start-up et pme dans le d marrage de leurs strat gies marketing et l acquisition de clients. gr ce aux techniques de growth hacking et marketing automation je construis des strat gies de communication authentiques, orient es co-responsables et je d veloppe le cycle de vie prospect / client. freelance marketing / communication, fort de 20 ans d exp rience, je vous guide dans la mise en place de strat gies et actions efficaces. passionn par la feuille blanche, tout projet qui d marre est pour moi un d fi que je souhaite voir grandir et prosp rer. me contacter 07 56 87 57 85 marc.bailet qocot.fr www.qocot.fr mon offre s articule autour de 3 axes growth marketing d finir les strat gies et les astuces qui vont permettre de rapidement atteindre les objectifs d entreprise. acquisition de prospects transformation des prospects en clients, utilisateurs d application fid lisation des client les, audiences et communaut s visibilit d entreprise forte cr ation d identit de marque boost de l attractivit g n rer de la confiance t-shape marketing 360 (seo, sea, m dias sociaux, event, print) marketing automation d livrer le bon message, la bonne personne, au bon moment. d velopper le lien client fournisseur analyse des donn es cr ation d un relationnel continu automatis gestion de la relation client d veloppement de l attachement la marque progression des prospects dans le tunnel de vente cr ation de contenu engageant marketing thique faire mieux avec moins pour assurer un marketing co-responsable bas sur des valeurs d thique et de durabilit la nouvelle proposition de valeurs les audiences green faire mieux avec moins innovation, innovation, innovation #quandonchercheontrouve la co-intelligence l humain au centre du dispositif l implication totale (oui, le comptable fait aussi partie de l quipe marketing) a distance ou dans vos locaux, je me d place dans toute la france. pour cela, gr ce des outils de collaboration, je mets en place un syst me de suivi qui nous assure proximit et changes efficaces. a tr s vite #marketingdigital #marketingautomation #mark thique #strat gie #inboundmarketing #growthhacking #m diassociaux #communication #start-up
de mon exp rience d entrepreneur et de mes missions, j ai acquis de fortes comp tences en strat gie ebusiness, en marketing digital ainsi qu en management. ayant des aptitudes la n gociation et aux contacts humains, j ai largement pu les exploiter lors de mes diff rents r les au sein de diff rentes exp riences professionnelles (commercial, marketing, gestion, achats, rh, ceo ). l coute, le travail en quipe et l esprit de synth se sont des forces qui m ont permis de construire de r els projets dans le domaine des services ou de l industrie. de formation conomique, j ai d velopp en tant qu autodidacte (depuis 1983) une grande expertise dans le domaine du ebusiness (e-commerce). toujours l' coute pour les bonnes id es ou les belles propositions, je vous invite me contacter pour en discuter.
many companies do not know how to use social media as building relationship tools and to increase sales. my job is the empowerment of people and organizations to achieve that potential. a lot of brands have already had an increase of up to 200% in sales with my monitoring and implementation of a new digital sales processes and methodologies. i am a professional with more than 10 years of experience with planning and strategies in social media and i have worked with projects of brands such as sony, itamb , forno de minas, kr ton network, ford, roberto marinho foundation, beep sa de, tend skin brasil, odaban brazil , daucy, labchecap and others, contributing to the growth of the result in a fast and solid way. among my main skills are - strategies in social media - linkedin marketing - digital marketing for health - instagram for business - facebook for business - social selling - ads on facebook and instagram - training and lectures - training of social media teams in addition, i am professor of digital marketing at ibmec's mba's, descomplica channel and infnet, and a digital marketing certificate from sureskills in ireland and master of social media in health in fiocruz, the biggest healthcare institution in latin america. i love social media and i love helping people grow their business! let's talk' send me a message here! send a message on my whatsapp +5531988881531
apaixonado por marketing, vendas e opera es. carreira nestas reas ocupando cargos executivos e como estatut rio atuando em empresas l deres em seus respectivos segmentos servi os financeiros, internet e contact center. agradecido por ter entregue diversos cases de transforma o de neg cio.
i am director of brand marketing at 360learning, the world's first collaborative learning platform. my job is to spread the good word of collaborative learning so that teams big & small can create, ship & improve courses together. i was previously head of marketing at madkudu, a predictive lead scoring solution enabling saas companies like slack, segment, drift & shopify to programmatically determine the next best action at every step of the buyer journey. i also worked at brand director at algolia, the search-as-a-service company, where i worked on our awareness, content & communications strategy. my weeks were filled with billboard re-designs, editorial meetings, product releases, social media, event & website messaging. once upon a time i built rude baguette - france's startup blog. i had a lot of fun. these days, i still write my own newsletter in my spare time. i have bylines in wired & techcrunch, have been interviewed on the bbc & npr, quoted in the new york times & la times, and have spoken at sxsw, web summit, ces & slush.
global marketing executive with a proven track record of outstanding achievements in strategic business development, consumer understanding, product development and advertising. visionary, innovative, and strategic leader, highly skilled at (1) defining end to end business strategy from target definition, brand purpose & objective to toolbox development (2) accelerating growth of existing businesses, (3) identifying new growth opportunities, (4) designing winning global innovations and 360 marketing campaigns, and (5) developing creative solutions to address complex business challenges (6) managing highly complex licensing partners as well as high caliber advertising development partners (directors, photographers, celebrities) (7) mastering beauty category (fragrances, cosmetics) marketing mix creation (8) digital and social media marketing expert over 15 years of experience leading end-to-end product design and commercial innovation programs - from vision, to strategy, to product design, to advertising development, to global roll-out across fragrance and cosmetic industry. energizing & passionate leader experienced at recruiting, training, and managing talent specialties leadership, strategy, innovation, marketing, team building, product design, training development, developing others, beauty category expert.
 vous perdez votre temps et votre nergie essayer de recueillir de nouveaux prospects pour votre activit ... je vous aide trouver vos clients b2b et devenir visible et incontournable dans votre march . _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ vous utilisez le marketing papier (distribution de flyers, brochures...) ou comptez peut- tre sur le bouche oreilles pour r colter de nouveaux prospects. mais cela vous co te de l'argent, et surtout du temps, cette ressource si pr cieuse. si vous ne savez pas transformer un inconnu en prospect qualifi gr ce linkedin... c'est comme remplir une baignoire sans avoir le bouchon, vous perdrez de l'argent et c'est inefficace... et pourtant... en 2019, 80% des leads b2b provenant des r seaux sociaux venaient de linkedin. a vaut le coup de r fl chir non n'attendez pas que vos concurrents passent sur linkedin pour le faire. cr ez votre machine de prospection d s maintenant et faites d coller votre activit ce que je vous propose la mise en place d un r el cosyst me permettant de capter des prospects qualifi s gr ce des strat gies d'acquisition avanc es. une visibilit fortement augment e sur linkedin. un accompagnement sur la dur e pour vous pauler et vous assurer de nouveaux r sultats plus grands que vos r sultats actuels. on en discute me contacter par email contact paulinephilibertditjaime.com par t l phone 06 69 51 10 38
driven by challenge and empowered by those whom surround me, i'm seeking opportunities that will enable me to bridge my passions in marketing innovation, retail technology, and product strategy! nhmshum gmail.com.
sp cialiste en business development et en marketing digital
i have over 18 years of experience in sales, online marketing and operations. i have always had a strong passion for the automotive industry and have held positions such as marketing manager to business development manager, general manager, operations manager and dealer principal. i am focused and self-motivated, hard working individual that specializes in pro-active marketing strategies and implementation of processes that directly affect sales and service.
wexperience est une agence d di e la cr ation d'exp rience utilisateur digitales dans le domaine du marketing. nos prestations vont de la conception de l'ux au design graphique en passant par le d veloppement frontend et backend. contactez-nous pour vos projets de refonte, de conception d'application, de web analytics ou de seo
as manager, graduate recruitment & marketing, i manage the john molson school of business graduate recruitment team and lead the business development and marketing strategy in relation to student recruitment for all graduate business programs (mba, emba, mba in investment management, master and m.sc., graduate certificates and diplomas, phds, etc.) book an appointment about the john molson programs calendly.com/keumyeo email me keum-yeo.brochet concordia.ca
hi, welcome to my profile! i am excited to get you know better and see how i can add value to your life! growing up, i always wanted to know what would be happening next and i would always be thinking and predicting the next day, week, month and year. i then came across a a quote that changed my life 'the best way you can predict the future, is to create it'. from that day on, i made a firm decision that i will no longer let my circumstances control me from achieving my goals and dreams. today, i have achieved many goals and dreams and i am currently in the progress of achieving some of my biggest dreams. today, i give hope to many who do not believe in themselves and doubt themselves of greatness. success is a choice and you need to do whatever it takes to make it happen!
werkt jouw website niet zoals jij dat wil dan moeten wij eens praten! ik bouw met mijn bedrijf kreatix websites die werken en online marketing die scoort. lees je mijn content graag stuur me gerust een connectieverzoek! mijn persoonlijke website met verhalen https //oliveropdebeeck.com/ oliver op de beeck (25) is de stichter/zaakvoerder van kreatix. opgericht in 2014 ontpopte dit internetbureau zich razendsnel van vof tot bv, van startup tot bedrijf, van passionele hobby tot 300+ klanten in binnen- en buitenland. kreatix bouwt websites, webshops, doet aan digitale marketing en voorziet een strategie voor je bedrijf online. vrijblijvend praten over je project stuur me een mailtje oliver kreatix.be
with my team, i help companies and brands shine to win the heart of the consumer and build a strong and committed relationship with them. as sir richard branson, founder of virgin group, said, 'if you don't tell your story, someone else will'. in the past, the storyteller was an inspiration through whom we could make up our minds about the world. 10,000 years later, we are always on the lookout for the latest news and scoops. this information influences the way we think. the 'modern storyteller' also has a place in our reality he is the leader of public opinion. as a brand or company, controlling your narrative is paramount and choosing who will carry your voice is an important marketing decision. making the right choice requires a thoughtful and agile strategy that's why my partner marie-noelle and i founded bicom. through our extensive network of influential connectors, we impact and transform the history of brands and people by connecting them with key public opinion leaders and associating them with memorable experiences. ignited by an entrepreneurial spirit and constantly looking to the future, bicom is proud to have launched the first-ever pan-canadian community of nano-influencers b nation! this innovative project allows us to reach the consumer directly through targeted campaigns. we put you in touch more quickly and efficiently with the media and influencers most worthy to carry your voice! we also support our clients in a range of complementary services - traditional media relations - creating and disseminating content - management of social networking platforms - experiential marketing - internal communications and activation of the employer brand - strategic monitoring as business leaders ourselves, we understand the fundamental aspect of business relationships better than anyone else. for this reason, i can promise you that we always work with our clients with the same flame as if it were our own business. i would love to learn more about your business plans and to discuss the opportunities available to you to maintain the bond and commitment of your consumers. i would also be happy to share some case studies and best practices with you. best, vicky boudreau co-founder bicom www.bicom.ca
 senior executive with concrete management experience in leadership of cross-functional teams, developed international experience with a focus on latin america and emerging countries. presents strong background in marketing & retail, besides being a crm and digital specialist, implemented several projects in these subjects, with outstanding results. with pro-active attitude, creative and analytical, likes to take risks. since 2010 leads croma group, providing consultancy and insights for business innovation. as a leader, has high communications skills and also knows how to mentor and coach, how to follow-up and contribute to personnel development. graduated in marketing with specialization in digital marketing at harvard, also studied philosophy and music. fluent in english and spanish, is frequently invited to lectures at the most important marketing and innovation events. specialties innovation branding retail & go to market strategies sales strategy & trade promotion innovation & technology digital transformation research and insights design thinking crm
 tu es un talent digital postule sur digirocks.fr pour trouver le job de tes r ves ma sp cialit le #ecommerce depuis 1998, le #digitalmarketing mais aussi l'animation de r seau, l' v nementiel, la distribution, la formation et l'enseignement. si tu ma trises l'une (ou plusieurs) de ces comp tences et que tu recherches un job en or, contacte-moi. more... intervenant/enseignant supdewebmars emdmanagement kedgebsmrs uparisdescartes visiplus comundiactu medinsoft - pr sident le la commission marketing digital et ecommerce whydigital, fondateur de l' v nement cr ativit , communication et commerce marseille 20-21 septembre 2018 whydigital.fr startup marseille - vice-pr sident, coliver et coworker de la hacker-house 2018 shake your ecommerce cr ateur du congr s de la communication, de la distribution et du num rique 2014/2015/2016/2017 ecomprovence - fondateur de l'association des commer ants, pr sident 2013-2018 aix-marseille frenchtech - commission digital marketing, cr ateur des petits d jeuners du digital wakeup_amft #amft #frenchtech oxatis - vp marketing 2006-2011 ebp logiciels de gestion - ecommerce
visionary leader - digital transformation - change management - intrapreneur- end2end lead management- crm- customer and human centricity - brand builder - brand & communication strategy - people manager - project management - power of positivism
auxilio profissionais a concluir a flu ncia no idioma ingl s em no m ximo 18 meses, com uma metodologia focada nas principais dificuldades que hoje um profissional tem na hora de aprender o idioma. desenvolvemos uma metodologia capaz de levar o aluno do zero at a flu ncia do idioma em 18 meses, de modo f cil e intuitivo, formatada para trazer para dentro de sala uma experi ncia semelhante de um intercambio. desenvolvendo as 4 compet ncias principais ouvir, falar, ler e escrever.
these days it is essential for your business to be noticed online. you need your products and services constantly in front of the best possible prospective customers. that's where unlimited exposure can help. we've been toronto's first choice for internet marketing since way back in the 1990s when the web first began. our experienced team of professionals have brought results to every size business in just about all industries. we don't just get your site listed on google's first page, we do everything needed to get you impressive results you can take to the bank. we study your business. listen carefully to your goals and frustrations. then create a custom marketing plan that will get measurable results. you get more customers, bigger sales, improved profits, and a greater market share. our goal is for you to achieve 100% roi. unlimited exposure provides expert mobile app design, web apps, and social media marketing. we give you everything you need to dominate your competitors and quickly grow your business, no matter what your size. http //www.unlimitedexposure.com 416-477-0594
morin oluwole is a luxury industry thought leader in digital advertising at facebook in france, where she manages facebook and instagram's global luxury client partnerships. she was formerly the business lead to the vp of global marketing solutions at facebook in ny where she was responsible for developing strategic business solutions that aid in managing top client and agency relationships. she joined facebook in september 2006 and has focused on product marketing (facebook pages), global partnerships (fashion/luxury), and digital advertising. morin has been at facebook for over 11 years - when it was a small start-up of 200 people and 8 million people and now a global presence with over 2.9 billion people. she previously worked in management consulting at sachs consulting in new york. morin is an avid presence in the fashion and digital industry, having spoken at events like the cond nast international luxury conf rence, paris luxury summit, and more. morin holds a ba and ma from stanford university in human biology and sociology and an ma in management from columbia university. she was a bill gates millennium scholar and received the dean's award for academic excellence - both for 5 consecutive years. morin has been featured in vogue, luxury daily, luxury society, matchesfashion.com, l opinion, fashionnetwork, a&e magazine, journal du luxe, cb news, black enterprise, luxus plus, luxury society, and more she speaks four languages (english, french, spanish and yoruba) and has lived on three continents. morin currently resides in paris.
12 years of experience in digital marketing strategy and consumer insights for retail and cpg industry. diego started working as consultant at oliver wyman and telefonica before joining google in 2012. for 7.5 years, he led a team of data scientists responsible for transforming data into valuable information for the major retailers and e-commerce in brazil. in 2020, he accepted the challenge of leading nestl 's consumer & market insights and consumer engagement services teams. with a degree in mechanical engineering from unicamp and a master in strategy from insper, diego took courses in marketing and innovation at mit and kellogg.
marketing executive with large experience (19 + years) in digital marketing / ecomm and brand development. specialties advertising, crm, database administration, direct marketing, e - commerce, marketing, relationship marketing, strategic planning, telecommunications, branding
strategic big-picture thinker. customer-focused. results-driven. seasoned marketing leader with more than 17 years of business and consumer experience. strong track record of developing high-performing teams and proven change management skills. driven to succeed at complex business challenges in order to consistently raise the bar and deliver exceptional client experiences.
vice president marketing (cmo - chief marketing officer) danone fresh dairy products france, 22 years of experience with marketing as core expertise completed with significant experiences in hr, consulting and sales. senior executive, board member for 7 years, i worked at local level running large p&ls, managing extended brand portfolios and leading wide teams and at global level creating inspiring emotional brands i worked for fresh dairy products, infant nutrition and retail in france, chile, netherlands, usa and germany as marketing vice president (cmo) of danone fresh dairy products in france, i am member of the business unit board, leading the p&l, the strategy and the brands for the company 1200 m turnover, 18 brands and more than 60 marketeers. the plan set up 18 months ago to stop the decline of the french business - valorization and demassification - is now delivering trough relentless innovation, on-trend emotional brands and digital activations my track record is made of top line breakthrough results and business turnarounds in challenging contexts m&a, mature businesses, cross functional and cross cultural teams, international, disruptive innovation, corporate and equity rebranding, digital acceleration i am combining strong strategic skills, creativity and visionary leadership with passion to bring it to life into concrete actions plans with superior execution, breakthrough consumer solutions and entrepreneurial mindset wherever i worked, i put as first priority people management and development. i am passionate about people and have the strong conviction that superior results comes along with engaging teams towards a common vision areas of expertise gm,fmcg, food industry, otc, health, retail, international, global and local, mature business, crisis management, p&l management, brand equity, communication, public relations, corporate social responsibility, digital, innovation, consumer insights, leadership, team engagement, entrepreneur, disruption, turnaround, crisis management, crm, b2b, b2c
- solid experience in global fmcg industries (product/brand management) as kraft/mondelez, pepsico, unilever and johnson&johnson - full marketing mix expertise strategic planning, communication, brand activation, innovation, digital, pr, consumer research, promos and pos activities. - broad experience in different markets food, beverages, personal care specialties marketing, trade marketing
19 years of experience in marketing, e-commerce and media in europe, usa, china and latin america with key brands (puressentiel, filorga, nokia, nestl , microsoft, diageo, lacoste, sfr, weekendesk...) including - 16 years in consumer goods and online media sectors as ceo, marketing, digital or e-commerce director in both startups and international firms. - 3 years in consulting and advertising agencies for key accounts. i am also author of the book iadvertisers and mentor at allianz accelerator. my top 3 achievements - launch of 2 international startups in 2000 and 2006 that both shaped my mindset and knowledge - +15m turnover for filorga in china in 18 months through a full e-commerce strategy (tmall, tdi, taobao, wechat, kaola, xhs...) - +133% growth for weekendesk in less than 3 years based on a fine-tuning acquisition platform (dmp, trading desk, automation, multitouch attribution...).
head of marketing and sales at ame, fintech from b2w digital and lojas americanas, leading e-commerce and retail players in latin america.
i currently work in the development and management of fast-growing digital products, including discovery and delivery processes and squad leadership. i also have experience in new product planning and development, life cycle improvement and profitability, marketing strategies including digital campaigns, project and operations management, portfolio management, go-to-market strategy and growth hacking. i also worked in the business credit card and banking industry as a manager in several departments such as products, marketing, operations, planning and direct sales. i also have experience of over 4 years as an entrepreneur in events and decoration field. joaotanaka gmail.com 11 99280-3737
seasoned digital and e-commerce professional specialized in the definition and implementation of digital strategies with a strong focus on online customers acquisition. more than 20 years of experience for several b2c brands on online and offline markets (retail banking, direct banking, online betting, online marketplace, cosmetics, retail) management of marketing, digital and ecommerce teams. significant track record in launching new activities on strongly competitive markets. actively took part in the launch and development in france of ing direct (1st online bank) and pmu online activit (1st online betting operator).
i work with growth hacking in companies that need and want to grow fast. i'm always in the startups world, and i know what it's like to work in environments with little predictability that still needs to create positive results. every day i absorb a massive load of national and international content on marketing, sales, and customer success to apply in innovative projects. be sure to get in touch with me, whether it's to talk about brazil's future, have a coffee at starbucks, or new business opportunities. my contacts e-mail henriquecaner gmail.com cellphone +55 (11) 931465617 skype henriquecaner
 results-driven creative professional with over 7 years of experience in marketing, market strategies and business development for both national and multinational companies. responsible for analyzing the market, gathered insights on segmentation, niche and target audience, creating market and sales funnels, defining b2b and b2c strategies for inbound marketing, outbound marketing, digital marketing, content marketing and also events, in projects with companies from different countries. problem solver, resilient and focused achiever who collaborates to develop innovative strategies in a rapidly changing environment. experience with advanced excel, hubspot, agile, google ads, facebook ads, seo, crm, sap, python, sql, tableau, data mining, power bi, salesforce, nielsen, kantar. fluent in english, advanced spanish, intermediate german and basic russian. international experience in australia, austria, the usa, italy, russia and thailand.
contact neycensas gmail.com i am passionate about building brands with strong consumer propositions, through tailored-made marketing strategies, value-added innovations, digital connections and effective communications. my 15+ years of experience in large consumer goods groups (nestl , p&g) bring me robust expertise in marketing, digital, innovation and sustainability for global brands, holding international leadership roles from 15+ direct reports within pluri-disciplinary teams to senior advisor positions within executive committees. during my recent mba at hec paris, i co-established as an entrepreneur a new luxury watchmaking brand. holding both engineering degree (arts & m tiers paristech) and business executive educations (insead, kellogg s), i am convinced that businesses could help for good by creating shared value among shareholders and the society. my top-line achievements in business development include - brand equity building and client experience journey (new luxury watchmaking venture), - digital and e-commerce excellence (website, mobile, inbound/conversion, seo, sea/display, sem, analytics, brand content, social media), - global client communication (pr, videos, prints, influencing, events, customer journey), - business development through revamped portfolio and innovations (+105bps share, +10m top-line), - accelerating top-value innovations launched in europe / americas (+75mchf top-line), - sustainable products / services to recruit consumers, engaging external stakeholders. my bottom-line achievements in operations include - revisiting nestl s manufacturing footprint in europe/latam (+30m margin improvement), - reducing by 30% complexity of large nestl s portfolio, balancing perceived value & costs, - improving european customer service level by 10% as nestl s supply chain manager, - implementing lean management concepts as shop-floor engineer in procter & gamble.
7 years of team leadership, people management, problem-solving, and process optimization in product management & marketing domains. 6+ years of performance/digital marketing & analytics, in which i contributed to user acquisitions and top-line growth (mainly through seo, social media, content marketing, and sem). 1.5 years of product management, in which i contributed to top-line and user engagement growth. 10 years of public speaking & lecturing experience about digital marketing, seo, product management, both in public seminar, workshop, in-house corporate training, or short course.
i've always been a curious self-starter who loves to venture outside my comfort zone. from starting my tween-focused newspaper at the age of 11, to running a fashion retail start-up for ~2 years, i quickly fell in love with understanding people, and translating insights into marketing, product & technology strategies. now, as an impact-driven, adaptable and multifaceted 4th year commerce student, i have had 5 years of experience in non-profit organizations, startup, and corporations. fun fact, my 5 clifftonstrength theme of talents are strategic, focus, achiever, significance & command! with impact, harmony and excellence as my core values, i always seek to uplift my team with a 'can-do' attitude, whether it is by making life easier for others with technology at ecobee, jupiter, cisco, linkedin, zalopay, ubc launch pad, or giving back to communities through aiesec, commerce mentorship program and commerce undergraduate society. this summer, i'm joining ecobee as the product marketing co-op, opening up a new chapter in clean tech, while working part-time at jupiter (yc s19) to reinvent food supply chain as a product manager, growth apprentice. i'm also leading a team of 8 to develop a mobile app to reduce food waste! aside from my professional endeavors, i have a keen interest in psychology and all things creative. that's why being a freelance cultural commenter at kantar consulting, a hobbyist photographer/youtuber, and an occasional singer is my side-hustle! if you are here, i hope you got to know me better by the end of your scroll. what's your story let's chat! )
during my career, i have gone through challenging situations which resulted in being fruitful for the future. facing these situations has allowed me to go out of my comfort zone and discover new horizons. to find alternatives or think out of the box were the only possible ways to solve the challenges i faced. through the experiences, i have learnt to face difficulties differently and keep managing the business. that is why i strongly believe that any business can beat the odds and be successful. however, to achieve success, i believe that decisions must be taken in favor of the customer. two skills are needed in order to face the future agility and innovation. agility because it is imperative to know how to adapt the business model to a changing environment. it is also important for the team to adapt to clients who consume differently. innovation is paramount in order to know how to digitalize properly the business. but also, in order to know how to make digital profitable. tomorrow, customers will gain more and more power. each consumer will have unique demands that will need to be fulfilled through customized offers. data analytics will be the answer to propose best customer experience ever.
with more than two decades experience developing meaningful customer relationships for some of the world s leading companies, bryan pearson is an internationally recognized expert, author ad speaker on customer loyalty and marketing. as former president and ceo of loyaltyone, a pioneer in loyalty strategies and measured marketing, he leverages the knowledge of 120 million customer relationships over 20 years to create relevant communications and enhanced shopper experiences. an insightful and engaging keynote speaker, bryan has presented in north and south america, europe and asia at such well-known events as loyalty world, card forum and the economic club of canada. he also is a frequent speaker at conferences hosted by the direct marketing association and the canadian marketing association. bryan has been quoted in more than 150 news outlets, including the wall street journal, forbes, businessweek, the los angeles times, msnbc and the atlanta journal-constitution. he is a regular contributor to forbes, fast company, retailwire, retail customer experience, customer think, business2community and colloquy and has been widely quoted in the globe and mail, the vancouver sun, national post and direct marketing news. in addition, bryan serves as a member of the executive committee of alliance data, owner of loyaltyone. in may 2012 bryan published the loyalty leap turning customer information into customer intimacy. the bestselling book draws on bryan s first-hand experience in building emotional loyalty in an information age and details strategies for building unwavering customer loyalty while also navigating the minefields of privacy. in july 2013, bryan published a companion e-book titled the loyalty leap for b2b to address the specific needs of business-to-business marketers.
as a marketing strategist, it's my job to understand and influence the target consumer. i gather information, analyze it, and use it to create award-winning game plans for some of canada's favourite brands. i have a flair for leveraging my background in neuropsychology to build lasting relationships and achieve business results. i speak marketer, geek, statistician, hashtag, formula, and sales, and am comfortable in doing it all in 140 characters or less. anyone can have a hunch. i believe that research makes your work smarter, and that understanding how people tick will ultimately drive better outcomes. big proponent of the oxford comma. 50% right-brain, 50% left brain. i m where creative meets analytical. i work smart. if there s a faster or easier way to do something, i ll find it. i run toward fires. losing is not an option.
dynamic, innovative, creative, structured modern marketer with business development skills, i contribute to generate revenue, awareness and customer engagement as a country marketing lead for linkedin talent solutions. skills & specialities leadership, management, account-based marketing, sales alignment, digital marketing, lead generation, solutions messaging, content marketing, customer engagement, targeted events, customer experience, guerrilla marketing, collaboration across groups, curious, result driven, entrepreneurial mind-set , beautiful & impactful concepts to drive & support business
- highly experienced in the areas of marketing, communication and products management in technology, finance and service sector multinational companies - broad experience leading strategic innovation projects, with multidisciplinary teams working in different countries - experience includes brand strategy, integrated communication management - b2b, b2c and b2b2c, digital marketing and platforms (content/media strategy, social, sac 2.0, bot), crm, experiential marketing (events and promotions), public relations, sponsorships (cbf and uefa properties), global agencies contract management. - managed marketing budgets of over usd50mm - experience in management processes, including startups, in high-complexity international situations - deep knowledge of omni-channel product placement/communication - strong financial services product management background - able to develop and consolidate strategic business partnerships, including internationally - success in selecting, forming and conducting high-productivity teams, aimed at exceeding expectations and focused on customer satisfaction - international awards winner 3 effie latam 2017 (mastercard gold, surpreenda, olympics integrated digital campaign) and new york film festival (360o vr at the top of the christ the redeemer).
- vision strat gique et terrain orient e r sultats et client-centrix - construction du parcours client omni-canal pour une exp rience client fluide et qualitative - management d quipes depuis 15 ans (~20 pers)
cmo and business strategy expert, entrepreneur and free-lance consultant. former marketing & communications director of international luxury and lifestyle brands with a dual focus on image/brand building and commercial and financial deliverables. 20 years of expertise in brand management and product development from strategic planning to operational implementation in luxury beauty / fragrance companies. strong entrepreneurial spirit with pragmatic, collaborative approach to achieving results. team motivator and networker. key competencies include - marketing brand management from strategic planning to operational implementation expertise in international marketing development strong sense of innovation and creativity advertising strategy (tv, digital, print) and global media campaigns development focus on retail and consumer experience - business global brand p&l responsibility 3-years business plans elaboration and follow-up of marketing budget ( 8m /year) knowledge of the prestige fragrance market strong understanding of international luxury markets requirements and operational needs trade marketing experience in multiple distribution environments - management team management of 11 licences management in close collaboration with creative directors and top management of fashion houses team leader and strong ability to federate energies.
expert de la vente et du marketing digital, je suis sp cialis dans le secteur informatique de longue date. ma mission concevoir ou am liorer des 'syst mes' (organisation, processus, outils...) vou s vendre avec la plus grande efficacit . j'interviens aussi dans l' laboration des offres et le d veloppement des partenariats commerciaux. je crois dans l'am lioration continue, personnelle et collective, dans la formation et la transmission et l'utilisation des innovations (m thodes, outils...). je suis aussi passionn par le d veloppement personnel et conseille les cadres dans leur volution professionnelle.
 strategy and marketing, from planning to making it happen p&l responsibility, delivering financial results and customer satisfaction goals leadership in successful turnaround and growth projects, both organic and m&a building of high-performance, multi-cultural teams corporate governance structure and decision making at corporate boards investment/mentorship to startups and experience in private equity portfolio companies career in telecom, technology, innovation, entrepreneurship and private equity
a ag ncia pnel uma empresa de promo o e eventos de origem carioca, que oferece aos seus clientes facilidade e praticidade, al m de muita criatividade. isso porque acredita que no mundo agitado e concorrido que vivemos, fundamental que boas a es aconte am de forma inteligente, precisa e gil. por m, promo o e eventos n o s o duas reas que trabalham com imediatismo, pelo contr rio, a seguran a da equipe e dos parceiros que garantem um trabalho final com qualidade e excel ncia nos resultados. a seguran a obtida atrav s da equipe protagonizada pelo diretor da pnel, pedro affonso mainier. h 8 anos no mercado trabalhando com promo o, tem em sua hist ria grandes empresas como psa (peugeot), unibanco entre outras. hoje em dia consegue transformar todo seu aprendizado e expertise em planejamentos completos e a es eficientes, contando sempre com muita criatividade specialties marketing - promocao e eventos
equipped with over 16 years experience in business development, project management, strategic planning, sales, marketing, ecommerce & operations for international corporations. most of my duties are aimed at driving strategic growth, increase market share & executing shareholders objectives. internationally trained in soft skills by delta airlines. passionate, persuasive & articulate. i am able to achieve results others may have considered impossible. ... let's discuss opportunities believe-achieve-success.
while everyone else was partying at the age of 21, i was trying to build the next facebook. after heaps of ideas and tons of business plans, i accomplished nothing, or so i thought. during those optimistic years, i multiplied my network of incredible co-founders, investors and coaches. i pitched in front of countless crowds while learning about the tech industry. after my familiarity with tech, i realized i didn't want to create the next big thing, but to sell the vision of many. understanding my passion at a young age helped me create my own company, fiverings marketing. our goal is to help saas companies grow their revenue by providing them meetings with decision-makers.
senor digital manager with an excellent understanding and passion for social media, lead gen and digital transformation, i am goal-driven and focused on getting results. after 15 years as a marketing manager and startup entreprener, i developed a deep understanding of the digital b2b market thanks to my wide experience in the web industry and particularly in market places. excellent skills in digital marketing & communication, project management, e-business, social media, leads gen, marketing automation, inbound marketing, mobile marketing, usability, crm, pr, telemarketing... *** fluent in french, english en charge du service marketing digital activit export de business france depuis 2009, j' labore, recommande et pilote la strat gie et les plans d actions digitaux en coh rence avec la strat gie marketing globale. mon expertise a t acquise en qualit d'entrepreneur et de responsable marketing online travers 15 ann es d'exp rience dans le lancement et le d veloppement de nombreux projets web b2b vocation internationale. aussi, je participe activement en parall le de mes activit s la promotion du marketing b2b au travers de diff rents associations (thinktank ensemble b2b, media aces, vend e digital acad mie etc...). en 2013, j'ai con u et d velopp open2leads, le premier q/a (question/answsers) gratuit d di la promotion du marketing b2b. fin 2014, j'ai lanc talent digital acad mie pour former gratuitement les entrepreneurs des quartiers 'populaires' au marketing digital. mon expertise marketing la performance. marketing roi. marketing international. social media marketing strat gie et planification. d veloppement des affaires. digital marketing. marketing op rationnel. g n ration de leads. lead nurturing, communication digitale. inbound marketing, marketing direct
je suis la fondatrice et pr sidente d inswip innovation starts with people. dipl m e de l edhec lille en 1998, et future dipl m e d hec executive coaching en 2020, experte de l industrie agroalimentaire et des marques, j ai cr en 2019 ma soci t de conseil et de coaching en marketing strat gique & innovation. apr s avoir fait mes armes chez cadbury france (aujourd hui mondelez), avec des marques iconiques de notre enfance comme carambar, la pie qui chante ou krema, j ai rejoint le leader du surgel findus, en tant que directrice marketing & innovation pour la france et l europe du sud. mon engagement pour la p che durable, le made in france ( boulogne-sur-mer !) et pour la transparence (100% des produits sans colorant, sans conservateur, et sans huile de palme d s 2012) m ont amen e prendre la direction de la rse (responsabilit soci tale des entreprises) du groupe nomad foods londres. puis j ai int gr le groupe bonduelle comme directrice marketing france des marques bonduelle et cassegrain (conserves et surgel s). intuitive, cr ative et passionn e, je m appuie sur 20 ans d exp rience op rationnelle et strat gique. j accompagne les dirigeants de pme, les startup et les grands groupes. je propose mes clients une offre sur mesure et je travaille toujours avec l objectif d acc l rer leur croissance et d augmenter leur rentabilit . je pilote galement pour eux des d veloppements de partenariats strat giques avec mon r seau d experts, en france et en europe. passionn e par le management et l intelligence collective, je pratique galement le mentoring, le coaching individuel, et j anime des ateliers sur-mesure de coaching d quipes (team building, change management). with more than 20 years' experience in food, built in cadbury (carambar, krema), then findus (croustibat, iglo) and bonduelle (cassegrain), i love brands and dealing with marketing and sustainability challenges in our vuca environment. i'm passionate, optimistic, creative, curious, communicative. i enjoy agile management with a strong team spirit. my missions - creating brands and communication assets // sustainability commitments & clean label. - develop co-branding and partnerships - innovation strategy, project management from insights to reality in stores - consumer centricity - transform supply (raw materials for instance) issues into opportunities - crisis management (cf. horsegate/meat in ready meals in 2013).
with a double background in advertising & digital technologies, i have been assisting leading brands in their digital transformation for more than 20 years now from conceiving 360 advertising, digital and social media marketing strategies to innovation consulting or business development. speaking french, english, german and spanish, i am the cofounder of the hub institute (http //www.hubinstitute.com), the #1 digital think thank in france, assisting leading brands in accelerating their digital transformation with - 40+ conferences/year hubforum http //www.hubforum.com in paris, shanghai & singapore), 6 hubdays, to networking events (35+ hub talks/year) - training & bespoke seminars (10.000 trained managers/year) + e-learning (20 modules/year) - books, trendreports & industry benchmarks. - bespoke consulting i am or had been advising startups and agencies such as wizee, kingcom, dare.win, joliebox... i previously cofounded the leading digital agency vanksen for 10 years (http //www.vanksen.com) with more than 110 experts in paris, luxembourg, nyc, geneva.... vanksen assists numerous leading org. such as the luxembourg government, l'or al, louis vuitton, tf1, lvmh, arcelormittal, bic, sony, nokia, microsoft, ubisoft, orange, citro n, ford, louvre hotels,... i am the coauthor of the 'guide of digital transformation' book https //www.amazon.fr/guide-transformation-digitale-emmanuel-vivier/dp/2212570791/ and am now writing my next book the future of hr & management. i have spoken at more than 1.000 professional events and conferences worldwide and trained more than 10.000 executives during the past 8 years https //hubinstitute.com/nos-formations don't hesitate to contact my office (+33 6.11.62.37.94) expertise #digital transformation, #consulting, digital #marketing, #retail, #social listening, e-reputation, strategy, #innovation, #business development, marketing, #advertising, entrepreneurship,
i have to start off by saying welcome and thank you for stopping by! i accept all connections i believe attitude is everything .. therefore i am positive,passionate, ambitious, goal driven and aim to be the hardest worker in any room. i love love a challenge, work under pressure well and am the type of energy that no matter where i go or where i am that i try to bring value to the space and lives around me. i've wore many hats in my lifetime but have excelled in areas that involved sales,marketing, coaching & health/wellness. i love being in environments and around people that force me to learn, grow and stretch as much as possible. that is why i guess i am so beyond excited about what's next!! please don't hesitate to connect with me on facebook - https //www.facebook.com/kimberleystefanski instagram .. https //instagram.com/mskimberleystefanski r nametag as well as in person. i'm always open to opportunities & would love to hear from you 1-250-701-3801
satish kanwar is the gm of channels at shopify, where he oversees the development of ecommerce, retail, and multi-channel shopping experiences for over one million merchants globally. satish led shopify s strategic expansion from online stores to multi-channel commerce, and formed partnerships with facebook, google, and apple, amongst many others. satish previously co-founded user experience studio jet cooper. over the years, jet cooper has been credited for helping shape canada s startup and design communities. jet cooper was acquired by shopify in order to establish its product development footprint in toronto. satish actively participates in the canadian business and technology ecosystem. he is an active angel investor, advisor to the city of toronto, and previous organizer of tedxtoronto. in 2016, he was named to forbes' 30 under 30. satish graduated from the university of toronto and is an arbor award recipient.
experienced executive in multinational companies like ernst&young, philip morris, quaker, p o de a car group, h. stern jewelers, globocabo net tv, j. macedo, reed exhibitions and ppd sports. founder of ey winning women program of women entrepreneurship and member of grupo mulheres do brasil. enthusiastic team builder with strong customer service mentality.committed to providing an atmosphere of exceptional team morale. key competencies are strong team leadership, energy and passion, outstanding drive for results and out of the box thinking. extensive experience in developing marketing strategies for big companies driving desired results in fast paced, dynamic environment. corporate and brand communication, advertising, promotions and public relations activities. history of promoting successful and impactful events. recognized executive of excellent reputation for professionalism, ethics and responsible customer service with strong contacts in the local market. specialties corporate governance corporate communications reputation and brand management innovation/ marketing/reputation/ethics/sustainability committees esg environmental and sustainability governance press management public relations customer experience/customer relations product and brand development
high-growth experience in all facets of retail including human resources, business operations, leadership & development and marketing. whether it s on my bike, in the trails or in the pool my happiest place is found training hard with (my far more athletically impressive!) friends. the icing on top would be post work-out conversations over an americano and jamming out on great ideas, great people and great companies.
media alchemy i can take an objective or goal and translate it into strategies and tactics that would float across paid, owned and earned media with a few adjustments and tweaks customized to each but all carrying the same core narrative for maximum impact and resonance. i have been working in marketing, advertising, communications and media for 17 years and have managed some of the most recognized brands around the world which include mcdonald's, garnier, nintendo, midas, dairy queen, bayer, cartier, puma, chrysler-jeep-dodge, 3m, peugeot, spinneys, pier 1 imports, university of toronto, sickkids foundation, boehringer ingelheim, forevermark/de beers, shell, telus and intuit. personal profile team player, fast learner, strong observation, excellent communication and brainstorming skills, sense of humor, ambitious, friendly & an optimist. specialties media planning and buying, communication strategies, brand activation, earned media generation, strategic planning, digital/online/social planning and execution, business development, global market insights, idea generation *all opinions are my own and do not necessarily reflect or endorse my employer s views.
comecei em 2004 a vida 'profissional' na internet, diretamente inserido no marketing digital. foi l em itajub onde comecei a aprender sobre seo e como poder amos gerar resultados para sites atrav s da busca org nica. escalei de estagi rio em design a coordenador da empresa, sempre com o vi s de melhoria cont nua e foco no aprendizado dispon vel na pr pria internet (em f runs, blogs e etc). em 2008, tive a oportunidade de co-fundar a ag ncia mestre, na poca mestreseo, onde iniciamos com o foco em ser uma consultoria de seo, de alto padr o t cnico, gerando valor aos nossos clientes atrav s de busca org nica do google. em 2013, fizemos o movimento de marca, inaugurando a ag ncia mestre e poucos anos depois entramos tamb m no mercado de inbound marketing. ao longo da jornada, pude entender mais sobre o crescimento profissional, desde a vaga de estagi rio em design at ser um ceo de uma ag ncia digital. tive a oportunidade de receber a frente da mestre os pr mios de ag ncia do ano, em 2017 e 2018. este pr mio oferecido pela resultados digitais o resultado de anos de aprendizagem e melhoria cont nua dos nossos processos, equipe e integra o com clientes. hoje busco incansavelmente ajudar os l deres da minha empresa a conquistarem o sucesso individual e dos nossos clientes. al m disso, preciso dar a dire o de onde o 'foguete' est caminhando e com qual intensidade. isso o que me move crescer, errar, aprender, mas sempre andando para frente. se voc deseja fazer parte deste foguete e estar comigo nesta jornada, saiba que estamos sempre contratando. mande uma mensagem para o rh agenciamestre.com e espero ter voc por perto!
s nior business development manager, profissional focada em resultados e apaixonada pela rea comercial. especialista em gest o de projetos pela universidade federal do rio grande do norte (ufrn). graduada em arquitetura & urbanismo tamb m na ufrn, durante o curso participou do programa ci ncia sem fronteiras, oportunidade em que cursou 2 semestres de 'arquitectura' na 'universidad polit cnica de madrid' como bolsista do cnpq. tamb m formada em rela es internacionais pela universidade potiguar (unp). dom nio de ingl s e espanhol, com n vel de alem o e franc s intermedi rio proativa, pensamento r pido e cont nuo, facilidade de lidar com pessoas e trabalhar em grupo experi ncias de trabalho internacionais, dentre elas em empresas renomadas como walt disney world. determina o em aprender e no es claras de responsabilidade. para acessar o curr culo lattes http //lattes.cnpq.br/2201060751098641 
expertise in marketing and digital. marketing product launch, new brands, communication strategy and planning. benchmark, persona, targets. digital global digital strategy, editorial planning conception for each social media. website creation, wireframe, webdesign, ux/ui, webmastering, seo, sea.
gradua o em administra o de empresas pela funda o get lio vargas e comunica o social pela escola superior de propaganda e marketing com contribui es efetivas no mercado de moda, produtos aliment cios, bebidas, eletr nicos, internet e linha branca, nas reas de mkt e comercial, em empresas multinacionais e nacionais e as seguintes qualifica es s lida experi ncia em branding, posicionamento e arquitetura de marca, assim como defini o dos territ rios de atua o. defini o da estrat gia de marca atrelada estrat gia de neg cio da empresa para direcionamento das decis es corporativas. materializa o da ess ncia da marca e tradu o para desenvolvimento da estrat gia de comunica o para todos os stakeholders da cia, assim como identidade visual e verbal. conhecimento profundo de desenvolvimento de produto e inova o desde a antecipa o de tend ncias, concep o, viabilidade financeira, an lise de p&l e execu o comercial. forte experi ncia em gest o de neg cio, com nfase em marketing . an lise de todas as linhas do p&l, inova o, comunica o, gest o de categoria, portfolio e trade marketing. ampla experi ncia na gest o de crm, marketing digital e relacionamento com clientes gest o de ag ncias de propaganda, promo o, pesquisa, imprensa e merchandising. viv ncia na rea comercial, focada no planejamento estrat gico por cliente especial. vis o estrat gica e objetiva na determina o de metas, solu o de problemas, organiza o e m todos e lideran a de grupos (teamwork) presen a em feiras/eventos internacionais e membro de grupos globais
c-level business leader with 20years+ experience in consumer & retail. work experience includes operational business unit management, strategy and marketing roles, as well as track record of driving growth through strategy work and transformation journeys in both large companies & entrepreneurial environments. functional experience in strategy, marketing (consumer centricity) and commercial excellence - especially in the b2c consumer sector ( fmcgs and retailers) passionate, energetic, team player. recognized as a strategic and pragmatic problem solver in most complex environments, with a get things done mindset and effective collaborative team work. i am at my best in ambitious business acceleration and transformation journeys, in environments of mutual trust, team spirit and human capabilities development.
with an educational background in nuclear engineering and a career in media and marketing, surmayee is a sales professional with over four years of experience in digital and content marketing, advertising technology, social media management and business strategy and development in hong kong. after finishing her mba at insead in fontainebleau, she is pursuing roles within corporate strategy or related to business development and product marketing. she is also interested in roles that involve project, stakeholder or account management within the technology, consumer product and media spaces in the united kingdom and europe. she s a passionate storyteller with a love for music, pop culture and dance.
20 years track record in marketing , research (consumer & shopper insights), commercial and category management, (fmcg and e-retail) .inc .5 years experience in digital e-commerce retail companies thank you to pay particular attention to my profile! my key competencies - p&l management and business planning, managing complexity - brand & retail marketing off and on line brand positioning, consumer & shopper insight knowledge, crm. - innovation new ranges, new brands, new services and loyalty programs ,360 launch plan - data driven experience in business with strong analytics, kpis, and finance metrics - media media buying, creation, pr/communications (off line & on line inc sea/seo, social media) - proven track record in change management & leadership management up to 70 people, communication skills to influence - international experience in both matrix company and fast moving small business environment. what are my motivation drivers i really enjoy being in charge of the p&l, working to define business issues and challenges how to develop product ranges. how to answer to consumers & shoppers expectations off and on line. i also like to determine drivers for growth and implement kpis and process to control the execution and achieve the objectives. but first of all i really enjoy leading and coaching a team by bringing out their own motivation driver. my experiences presently digital chief marketing officer at rue du commerce.fr, one of the web sites of carrefour group, my key challenges are to create one specific differentiating shopping experience without frictions and boost all trafic drivers to recover sustainable profitable growth. i began honing on line skills at amazon france as commercial director on small appliances. then i joined rue du commerce to be in charge of p&l, business plan, non food e-commerce strategy for the following categories (apparel, home indoor and outdoor equipment, baby and toys products) both on retail direct offer and market place. previously i ve been working for yoplait general mills as marketing director, european trade marketing, category management & consumer insight director .
journalist with a master's in anthropology, from bahia, living in olinda (pe). professional with 8 years of experience in social communication having experience with managing digital marketing teams in small, medium and large companies in various segments. experience with managing marketing teams digital marketing strategic planning, inbound marketing, seo, sem (media strategy) and social media, facebook ads, instagram ads, google ads, google analytcs, native ads (taboola and outbrain), content strategy (copywriter) marketing automation (rd station), planning and management of okr and digital marketing kpis. portfolio https //taisasilveira.contently.com/ advanced english.
as part of michael page, i specialize in the recruitment of mid to senior managing positions, within the s o paulo countryside region, across a range of managing functions such as -country manager/head of business unit -directors -superintendent -managers -supervisors my recent placements include, country manager, sales director, channel manager and sales executive. if you are looking for your next role or recruiting talents for your business, please feel free to connect via linkedin or contact me.
gaelan is the product marketing lead at microsoft canada for the education segment empowering students, faculties and administrators in k-12 through higher ed in canada to achieve more. as a passionate advocate for workplace diversity, inclusion and environmental sustainability he increases visibility and drives impact for a more modern workplace. on the weekends you can find gaelan baking, hiking and lazing at home with his partner simon. professional highlights! 9 years in b2b and b2c marketing 7 years in b2b saas marketing 4 years of people management 10 hermes global creative marketing awards 3 canadian marketing association (cma) awards 2 external pr awards in corporate responsibility 14 internal marketing awards at microsoft 12 years as a volunteer board member of a charitable foundation 4 years sitting on the microsoft diversity & inclusion council 4 years chairing the lgbt+ employee resource group at microsoft
data is the new oil (...) to support digital transformation and deliver new value at different levels of the organizations. that said, where to start let's share our return on experience -) i m a data-driven b2b marketer with a strong appetence for new and high tech industries and products - probably because i have an engineering background . maybe. i ve experienced the introduction of very dynamic and growing technologies (iot, rfid, augmented reality, big data, etc.) into various traditional industries such as nuclear, aerospace, oil & gas, fmcg, automotive, etc. very challenging but always with a clear value for these industries. i m always interesting in discovering new things, trying to understand how things work, put my hands on, failing and retrying again. at this time, my toy is linkedin - trying to understand how it works, how to leverage the value from it and of course networking ! my credo learning by doing test & learn do not reinvent the wheel don t tell me this we've always done it this way. why change my customer . you mean our customer marketing .. oh yeah, you guys are on facebook the whole day
experienced director of sales and marketing with a demonstrated history of working in the hospitality industry. skilled in driving sales, developing sales team, forecasting, budgeting, and communicating with ownership groups. strong sales professional with a bachelor of commerce (b.com.) focused in hotel and food administration from university of guelph.
as an entrepreneur & an experienced business leader, i am driven by results and understand the importance of culture and team in getting to those results. i am a strong believer in the growth mindset & aim to inspire my team to focus on impact rather than concern. things i (love to) do - build businesses by focussing on the right insight, the right team and the right go-to-market strategy - passionate about culture, personal growth & impact - building saas b2b engines , defining the acquisition strategy & building the blueprint for scale - sharing learnings in order to grow myself and others around me. strong believer in behavioral economics & i focus on the context in order to drive behavior. co-founder & ceo of spott. winner of the rising star by deloitte fast 50 & belgian scale up of the year.
i build product marketing and growth teams that drive go-to-market strategy and revenue acceleration at smb saas companies. do you want product marketing to be your company s secret weapon are you struggling to explain the impact of pmm while also fighting for a seat at the table i truly believe that product marketing is the linchpin to sustainable business growth and, sadly, a function that is often misunderstood and under-utilized. i help companies unlock this growth potential by identifying their winning segments, pricing model and product strategy. i also coach the next generation of product marketers and strategists to embrace a new philosophy to product marketing. i ve built repeatable and actionable frameworks that have allowed me to drive significant impact at these best-in-class smb companies yellow pages - developed and launched a new digital product and grew it from $0 to $17m in recurring revenue in 4 years freshbooks - introduced product marketing fundamentals, frameworks and growth models to build the pmm function from the ground up unbounce - led the company s conversion intelligence strategy, including an overhaul of customer segmentation and pricing, which resulted in $52m in funding connect with me for more info on speaking - a top-rated speaker at the product marketing summit, product-led summit and product marketing festival, i speak about 1) driving business growth with product marketing principles, and 2) building and scaling pmm teams product marketing alliance - as the vancouver ambassador for the pma, i connect our local community of product marketers and product managers to facilitate learning and conversation. i m also a pma expert in residence and teach the product marketing core certification program. get certified now! https //bit.ly/3fnzvuk consulting - i help newly established product marketing teams define their mandate, build strategy and advocate for a seat at the table.
i accumulate today more than 7 years of experience as a seo specialist and online advertising (google adwords, yahoo, bing, facebook ads). i also followed a web integrator training. operational skills web project management seo and monetization of content seo audit and user experience create and manage google adwords campaigns, facebook ads, yahoo, bing 1500+ web integration computer skills photoshop realization of banners and headers pack office excellent knowledge of word, excel, powerpoint, outlook cms wordpress - joomla - magento web mastering html5 and css3 google tools adwords, analytics, adsense
senior marketing director with local and international management experience, consistent sales management background & proven digital transformation leadership 20 years of international btc & btbtc management experience (danone group, wyeth lederl , newell rubbermaid, velux group and sme s) with documented success in achieving strategy development & deployment in btob and btoc, with a strong background in digital transformation and brand system setup building motivated and performing teams, achieving local and global buy-in/ adoption of transformational brand/shopper 360 marketing strategies in extremely competitive markets, overcoming significant regulatory and industry challenges achieving numerous successful global product launches aimed both at online and offline retail managing change and digitalization fluent in english, french. basic command german core skills - a persuasive, and contagiously enthusiastic leader known for responsiveness and energy to meet customers demand, especially in innovation and change contexts. - people management & development in multicultural and matrix organizations - creative with learning agility and adaptability - comfortable with matrix & multicultural organizations, ability to communicate from 1st line to ceo. cmo, marketing director, purchasing, category management, own brand, private label, brand strategy, marketing & sales director, diy, professional, management, retail, international marketing, marketing strategy, brand turnaround, business development, innovation, consumer insight, crm, digital, communication, p&l, roi
sean hurley has been scaling and building growth teams for over 10 years. sean s got a personal track record of success and leadership that he is proud of. he s perhaps more proud of the team building, personal and professional growth and success he has helped foster in the teams he s led and organizations he s been a part of. he has taken an analytical approach to marketing that includes iterative a/b testing and taking a wider view of the typical funnel model. he s a confident and creative marketer and an excellent communicator across all levels of the business. he has driven more than $125m in revenue in the past 5 years 
- over 20 years activity in marketing, sales, new business, innovation, and trade-marketing, building distribution and generating lucrative sales in highly competitive markets. - solid, rising career constructed at major companies pepsico/fritolay, bunge and ab brasil (ovomaltine, fleischmann, twinings). - proven track record in creating and implementing successful strategies in customer and channel management, as well as project management and execution at the point-of-sale. - strong leadership and capacity for managing multifunctional teams. extremely effective in dynamic organizations. - relevant academic background with undergraduate and postgraduate studies at top-tier universities, international mba and academic master's degree from fgv-easp.
public relations and brand communication consultant with over 12 years of experience in broadcast journalism. the last 3 years been helping local startups and a few biggest global companies in building their brand. currently, ceo at media buffet pr & social media, the rising star public relations agency in jakarta - indonesia, known for its data-driven and solid journalism perspective. well-proven in helping a dozen startups and small-medium enterprises, introducing and building their brand awareness on the consumers. repeatedly earning trust from global giant companies such as google, viu, shell, danone, otsuka, hytera & tokopedia to help their brand and communication. campaign. prior to media buffet, was a reporter, executive producer & news anchor for several national tv networks including kompas, beritasatu, rcti & trans7. primarily focused on building an economy-business news desk & program, led a team of highly respective journalists, and established b2b partnerships with brands. areas of expertise including * communication strategy * brand communication * media relations * digital marketing * public speaking * business development * personal & company branding * crisis management
you know how digital marketing can sit in the background. it's something you likely do, but is it a driving force for your franchise well, that s what i help with. i turn franchise groups into marketing success stories that are generating impressive revenue. i help you use digital marketing to - improve your brand visibility and connect with your target audience understand your opportunities and invest with confidence generate more high quality leads that turn into customers when it comes to growing your business online, i know that you want to be at the top of google and dominate your local competitors. you want to know exactly what you are getting from every dollar you invest and be one step ahead of everyone else. in order to do that though, you need to be an expert at collecting and analyzing data and that is a full-time job. i understand how frustrating and overwhelming online marketing can be. that s why i m proud to say, i ve helped dozens of franchises like you generate millions of dollars in revenue and increase their confidence in online marketing. you deserve to be at the top of google in your market and have more customers discover you and your products or services. so, schedule a call with me today, so that we can discuss your goals and i can share how we can work together to turn your franchise into a marketing success story. stop missing out on leads and sales, schedule a call with me. message me here on linkedin! 
e-commerce, digital marketing, social m dia et service client, data, transformation num rique, mobile, prm/ crm, leviers e-marketing, acquisitions de trafic et de leads, animations ditoriales, tags & performance, culture roi web, optimisations de parcours et tunnels de conversions. management d quipes et de projets. strat gie et transformation num rique specialties outils analytics (at internet, adobe,...), outils crm, cms e-commerce (hybris, magento, salesforce), html, microsoft, sap, wordpress
learn everything you'd want to know about me at http //www.connorjwilson.com/ nicejob is the easiest way to get more reviews, referrals, and sales. try it free for 14-days at nicejob! (http //get.nicejob.co)! the easiest way to grow your business in 2019. 'our sales grew 60% and online reviews tripled. todd crisman rated 4.9 - trusted by over 2,500 companies read more nicejob reviews at https //get.nicejob.co/reviews check out careers (http //get.nicejob.co/careers) to learn what it's like to work at nicejob. we're hiring! my most recent review from a couple current nicejob employees 'there are very few people who combine infectious enthusiasm, an analytical mindset, and a 'get it done' attitude like connor. he raises the bar for everyone he works with and helps them exceed it. work with connor and you'll see tremendous growth within your company (and within yourself) every few months. a superb leader, adviser, and thinker.' - tsavo neal, convert product manager, nicejob having worked with connor for the past 7 months i can say with some certainly that he is the most hard-working individual i've ever met. he is dedicated, meticulous, intelligent, and he is always searching for a better way to do his work. he thinks well across the spectrum, from systems design to detailed implementation, drawing from a well of ideas dug deep through experience and education. his policies and methodology regarding hiring have brought great talent to the company, his engagement with our userbase has fostered genuine advocacy for the company, and his sales calls are works of art. that nicejob's revenue has multiplied many times over in the year that he's been aboard is no coincidence. -andrew lake, senior full-stack developer, nicejob read all my reviews at https //angel.co/connorjwilson
a serial entrepreneur with a love for social entrepreneurship. ever since my early childhood days, i have been raised and trained to have a business mindset. i never subscribed to a 9 to 5 job mindset - where a majority of the people work for money and not for freedom. freedom to me is the ability to make a choice, to work at 1am (as i write this) and pick up my daughter from school at 3pm. i also choose to be constrained by my core values and principles. choice to me is freedom !! in 2002, i chose to become an engineer. in 2008, i chose to move to ny for further studies. in 2010, i chose to join pepsico in 2017, i chose to start my digital marketing venture. in 2019, i chose to leave my 6 figure job at pepsico .... and i continue to choose to help and serve those who have a business mindset or are developing one. i will always be your stand !! latest ventures include a digital marketing agency and an entrepreneur assistance group. avid soccer player and believer in the #lawofattraction. love to carve wood in my spare time. #chemicalengineer for life, #digitalmarketing #basaropt #etribe
senior executive with extensive board level experience, as evidenced through a business development focused career delivering significant revenue, profit and market share growth in the water, oil & gas and onshore wind sectors throughout the last 20 years. industries water & waste water, oil & gas (subsea), onshore wind, manufacturing, engineering. specializations business development, restructuring, entrepreneurship, change leadership, people development, process re-engineering, contract negotiation. geographies europe (15+ years 7 years living in france, 5 years in germany and 1 year in spain), uk (5+ years living in england), asia (2 years living in sea).
tecnologia e disrup o s o as palavras-chaves para o varejo, e-commerce e todo o setor que envolve o consumo de produtos e servi os hoje e no futuro. varejo, digital, ux, omnichannel, algoritmos, web analytics, seo, sem, multicanais, mobile, plataforma, erp, crm, sac, marketplace. entender toda a sopa de letras que a gest o digital exige para os fortes e somente a soma da teoria + pr tica fazem deste profissional extraordinariamente completo. sou apaixonada por inova o, tecnologia e experi ncia do consumidor. por isso, a 16 anos desbravo o mercado digital de e-commerce, varejo e ind stria. a evolu o deste mercado r pida e constante, por isso todos os dias olhamos com nova perspectiva, pois amanh ser diferente. minha ess ncia humildade e respeito as pessoas fortes padr es morais orientam minha vida e minhas decis es dedica o em tudo que fa o tranquilidade em situa es cr ticas facilitam gerenciar problemas e encontrar solu es. minha gest o delego tarefas mas assumo responsabilidades embaso minhas decis es em dados e evid ncias prezo por uma cultura de resultado e crescimento transferir conhecimento a equipe e capacit -los tenho um prop sito claro de atua o. habilidades (de acordo com os n veis de consci ncia do m todo de richard barrett) construir confian a nos outros um fator essencial em minhas intera es autodisciplina para desenvolver projetos e gerar mudan as conhecimento t cnico na rea em que atuo capacidade de inspirar pessoas com meu conhecimento e paix o pelo e-commerce. bagagem te rica bacharel em ci ncias econ micas bacharel em webdesign e programa o mba em marketing digital e e-commerce na pr tica mais de 16 anos de experi ncia em e-commerce experi ncia na gest o de conflito de canais experi ncia em gest o omnichannel know-how em performance de m dia digital gest o de estoque e expedi o implanta o de varejo (d2c) em ind stria gest o de pol ticas comerciais entre canais de venda. santa catarina - brasil (48) 991641164 valeriabiten gmail.com
i'm a recent graduate double majored in math and statistics at university of toronto. i work as a part-time business sales consultant at wehire solutions inc., in toronto, mainly in charge of career consulting and marketing sales. also, i did my summer internship at neusoft group, focused on designing a human-machine inter-locution system for china's state power grid using python. i am proficient in using analysis tools as sql, python, tableau, excel vba, sas, and i'm learning powerbi and google analytics. i consider myself as a highly motivated, adaptable and outgoing person. i have a huge passion about marketing analysis, data analysis, and a good product sense. currently i'm looking for business/marketing analyst full time jobs.
 a vast experience in marketing, advertising, and digital agencies...i have led budgets in domestic and international market, supporting brands in making strategic transformations, defining an original purpose and designing a creative customer experience. 20 d'exp riences en agence conseil en marketing, branding, digital, communication, rse, sustainibility, au service des marques, des entreprises, des institutions. professeur de marketing, de communication, auteur, conf rencier, facilitateur d'ateliers autour du creative problem solving, de l'appreciative inquiry, certifi facilitateur l go serious play . aujourd'hui j'accompagne les entreprises, les marques dans leur ambition de devenir plus contributives, plus thiques. in business for good as a successful business i want to do more than make money. we see ourselves as a more than profit business. today i'm focused on sustainable issues (csr), with sales, marketing, communication profil , finding out solutions for brands, firms, helping ceo/cmo to make their own transformation and enhance new ways to communicate about their sustainable business solutions ! i'm very focused on business development, sales, foremost involved in the growth sustainable business hacking. specialities brand strategy, experience and digital marketing strategy cross devices social strategy (facebook, twitter, you tube, instagram), content marketing, inbound marketing, event activation, pr, csr (rse). i'm involved in brand positive and sustainable vision . how to combine your brand purpose and your csr engagement to build your business up houra.fr, conforama, lapeyre) automotive (myaudi, renault sport), insurance (macif, gmf vie, hyperassure.fr, axa), telco / it (orange, cisco), financial services (amex, carrefour banque), health (amgen, agence de biom decine), entertainment (imusicschool, live nation, sony music, stade de france), pure digital player (beboats.fr, kiwatch.com, drivy.fr, thebestsong app, facebook), sport (fff, ffvb, pmu, parrot, psg, cap gemini, ffgolf, orange international, tccc, gp de france f1, cojo, marie de paris...), food (agence du bio) methods design thinking (lego serious play faciliting) business model canvas, lean management executive skills csr skills, brand strategy, strategic planning, business creativity, market acquisition from ground zero, hunting & farming, coaching & management, intrapreneurship & entrepreneurship. mindset customer centric, loyal, curious, open minded & enthusiast, autonomous, creative & patient.
young ecommerce entrepreneur - 6 figures
experienced semi senior accountant with a demonstrated history of working in the accounting industry. skilled in microsoft word, easily adaptable, management, financial accounting, and teamwork. strong accounting professional with a bachelor s degree focused in accounting and business/management from university of westminster. aiming to complete the professional exams for acca.
i am an experienced accountant adept in analysing complex financial data, identifying areas for improvements and providing sound financial judgement to ensure commercial and operational activities are viable. utilising my robust understanding of financial governance, best practice and legal requirements, i am confident in implementing robust internal processes and procedures to achieve enhanced management information and embedding risk-based controls that mitigate potential impacts to financial strategy. some of my most notable projects include leading operational cost efficiency controls on gp supplies customer s wholesale accounts, driving an increase in revenue by 35% implementing a fit for purpose process for the delivery of medical supplies for gp supplies clients, reducing order delays by 50% and leading the contract negotiation process with a third-party supplier to increase the product offering to gp supplies chiropody customers, increasing divisional revenue by 400%. i enjoy working within a high performing finance team, acting as a first point of contact for sales and purchasing teams whilst developing relationships with internal and external key stakeholders to embed a culture of financial awareness. specialties bank reconciliations / statutory returns & governance / cost rationalisation / stakeholder engagement / credit control / annual budgets customs & excise insight / third party liaison / cash forecasting / statistical data analysis / financial & management accounts / process implementation
our perspectives and beliefs are shaped by our past experiences. it does not mean we will forever be the same. if we want to accomplish something greater, we have to do something extraordinary even when it challenges our current belief system.
i started my interest in accounting in 1992, when at the tender age of 14 years, i learnt how to analyse financial statements in my business studies class. i then used that knowledge to analyse listed companies in order to buy a stock with 100 of my pocket money. i eventually went on to study business studies at university and went on to work in accounting in 2000. i have worked in various accounting roles from junior accounts assistants to more senior boardroom level work. in my time i have helped small business owners with issues such as. forming strategy, implemented goals, set-up finance departments from scratch, streamlined processes, set up new monthend processes, advised and partnered with ceo s, cmo, coo, and cio, have been a key finance advisor to boards, m&a activity, fundraising. having worked for major investment banks, i have however, spent most of my career in sme s and start-ups. the types of industries i have worked in include, banking, music, retail, manufacturing, wholesale, tech, fintech, real estate, and consumer finance. i bring a wealth of experience to helping owner managed businesses and individuals with their accounting issues, whether it be issues such as tax planning, hmrc investigations, statutory submissions, bookkeeping, cfo services, self assessments or just general accounting advice. nevertheless, to say, despite my long-standing involvement in accounting, i still invest in stocks using my knowledge gained from my business studies class in 1992. having a wealth of experience in accounting and clearly a passion for what i do, i can bring a new dimension to your business.
experienced accountant holding an active cpa license in ca with a demonstrated history of working in the public accounting. skilled in personal, corporate, partnership, exempt, fiduciary, gift, and international tax returns preparation preparation of financial statements auditing, reviewing, and compiling financial statements. proficient in ms office word, excel, outlook. detail oriented, great interpersonal and communication skills, ability to work under pressure meeting deadlines while multitasking, shrewd professional with integrity.
i love figures and analysis. with more of 20 years of experience in financial departments, i always resolve problems and improve procedures with determination in the smes and corporations i have worked for. my areas cover ~accountancy ~control ~planning & analysis ~audit & compliance ~funding ~financial services ~corporate taxes having being a key role in transformational change environments, i have collaborated with multiple subsidiaries and in close interaction with commercial and logistic teams, helping them achieve their budgets and forecasts. being a multi-disciplinary and passionate professional, i have owned my business, likewise i worked as a sole trader with my individual portfolio. industries where i have experience financial services. medical, media, advertising, fashion, food&beverage, restaurants, insurance, consumer electronics, manufacturing, construction. i never stop learning as i m firmly convinced this is the only way to grow. i m constantly engaged in different business-oriented and personal development training. i am enthusiastic, accurate, and responsible. 3 languages. fully bilingual english-spanish, i also have good communication skills in french. having completed a business administration degree and a masters in finance management. i've spent my career in madrid and leeds. in the last years i have discovered another of my passions property. despite what one might assume, it is more akin to the financial side if the sums don t add up, no possible deal. that is one of my key points i bring to my property clients my financial background to help you in property. if like me, you re one of those passionate about finances and accountancy and / or property then feel free to call me on 07534383177 or email me at info barbaralazcano.com finally, i would welcome contact from recruiters regarding opportunities in controlling and accounting.
forensic accountant and expert witness. i have been providing forensic accounting services to solicitors for over 20 years on a variety of forensic assignments and have over 30 years experience in the accountancy profession. i have wide experience in the provision of expert reports and conducting investigations in both civil and criminal cases. i am a fellow of the institute of chartered accountants in england and wales and i am also a member of the british academy of experts. i have given advice on many issues including claims involving criminal and commercial fraud investigations, confiscation and proceeds of crime act proceedings, vat fraud, hm revenue & customs investigations, commercial disputes including loss of profits/consequential loss, partnership disputes, matrimonial valuations, business and share valuations and professional negligence. for more information and a copy of my cv please see http //www.bartfield.co.uk/our-services/forensic-accounting/
family man, business owner and accountant. in that order. and that s the way it should be. don t get me wrong, the success of our accountancy firm is down to our relentless drive to make sure that each of our clients is well looked after. we measure our success by yours, so we are not the sort of firm who will sit on the fence when asked for an opinion on what should happen. we see numbers as a route to helping our clients pay themselves more and build better construction, trade, and property development businesses. a lot of our clients have come to us because of our legacy of being an umbrella company. we still process payrolls on behalf of our client base, but many of our clients wanted more than just payroll. they were frustrated as trades people and construction businesses that their accountant seemed to leave their needs to last. or as they told us (in no uncertain terms) that they had been taking the proverbial with the fee they charged and the service they gave. we ve made it our mission to help our clients truly get the most out of available cloud-based technology so they can run their business just as easily from their home, a client site or their second home in spain! but helping them to get the most out of their business means introducing them to more than just cloud accounting software. such as reducing bad debts by getting payment when with the client on site (and without costly monthly card terminal fees) robust job planning software so client jobs can be planned in while in conversation with the client and not weeks later when at home and the details are fuzzy claiming more vat back by instantly scanning paper receipts in and providing trusted team members with a business credit card which can only be used at the builders merchants taking over the bookkeeping side of the business and allowing our clients families to relax together at weekends rather than sorting out of the books and invoicing you are good with your hands, so let us do what we are best at, looking after your finances. call me on 01634 566 104 or email me on naveed accurox.co.uk to see how we can help.
in short, i help business owners who want to unlock the potential in their business..... through our innovative information, insight and advice program you will ...... understand what is holding your business back from being the one that you know it can be the actions you can take to increase business profit & cash performance how you can keep 50% more of the money your business makes understand what your business is worth today and how to significantly improve it's value create a business which allows you to do less and earn more develop a laser focus on the key things in your business so it delivers what you want, when you want it why work with me i have started and grown businesses for other people that turnover 100m+. i have developed countless new revenue and profit streams for businesses adding millions to the top and bottom lines. i have worked in some of the biggest businesses in the uk in executive positions which traded in over 80 countries worldwide. i have cracked the financial code of business and am now responsible for helping my select clients achieve their businesses potential. who do i work with if you are an ambitious business owner who is driven and willing to take action then we can help you unlock the potential. how do we get started simply inbox me here on linkedin briefly detailing your business and it's current position. after which i will happily arrange a free business strategy call with you. i don't want to talk about accountancy or tax with you on this call i want to talk about your business, your current position and your strategy. after which we will decide together on the best course of action.
experienced commercial controller with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in cash flow, analytical skills, account reconciliation, accounting, and accounts payable. strong sales professional graduated from acca.
new path advisory. supporting sme business owners when tackling m&a, perhaps for the first time - whether growing through acquisition or planning a business sale. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- welcome. i'm andrew hill. i am an advisor and deal maker. if you are an ambitious sme business owner, let me help you reach your goals in the bewildering world of m&a. i am a chartered accountant (ex ey) with an entrepreneurial story. i spent many years in the leisure industry, as founder of a leading 5-a-side football business. i grew it nationally to 200 sites serving 25,000 players every week, before successfully selling to a private equity backed group. i joined the main board as executive director of the group. this is where i built my m&a experience, leading a roll-up of the niche football league market, with 10 acquisitions in 3 years, tripling the size of the division. i am now busy in the world of small business, which is my true passion, offering practical support to get deals done. for those of you that have aspirations to buy or sell a business, have done the thinking and absorbed all the books, and now need some practical real-world support, let's see if i can help. if i'm not available, maybe look skyward. i am a keen private pilot (sep, ir).
with over 10 years experience and 5 years acca qualified experience, now seeking a challenging role in finance where i can make substantial increases in the efficiency gains of the next organisation i work for. having provided analyst and management accounting services to businesses and organisations, i have the ability to look at large complex data model/data sets and have the ability to interpret and provide insight and commentary. systems used netsuite, anaplan, agresso, sap, microsoft dynamics great plains past experience included the following duties grow financial performance through analysis of financial results, forecasts, variances, and trends. develop financial models to support valuation, planning, and forecasting reconcile existing transactions through cross-referencing of incoming and outgoing data conduct comparables analysis and market research to support internal financial analysis skills ability to streamline functions and passion to learn and grow comfort dealing with ambiguity and ability to work independently experience working with and presenting to senior executives excellent communication and presentation skills be comfortable interacting with executive-level management great communication and influencing skills as a business partner. includes clear reporting and creating and performing presentations that are used at board level. technical skills high proficiency with financial modeling and techniques strong analytical and data gathering skills data modelling, creating and interrogating large data sets and ms excel models to then create analysis, fid trends and visualisations from them. if/ifs strings, v/h lookups, pivot tables, index/match and others. excellent variance analysis and investigative to deep dive into data.
experienced financial professional who has worked with two publicly traded multi-billion global corporations. major accomplishments include the implementation of sap at w rtsil na and the implementation of sap project systems for asia at discovery. demonstrated skills in delivering timely and accurate monthly, quarterly, and year end reporting, serving as a liaison between corporate and asia, europe, south america regional accounting, fp&a, and non-accounting stakeholders. collaborate with internal teams and external auditors to ensure accurate, detailed, reports aligned with regulatory compliance. a proven leader with managerial experience who utilizes key strengths to benefit any dynamic work environment. es geht nicht darum, das popul re zu machen, sondern das richtige zu tun. und dann muss man daf r sorgen, dass es popul r wird. (guido westerwelle - deutsche politiker fdp) it's not about doing the popular, it's about doing the right thing. and then you have to make sure it becomes popular
experienced finance professional most recently working in fintech, contributing to the functional design of accounting software solutions for ifrs 16 (leases), and ifrs 17 (insurance contracts) sevenyears post qualified aca (icaew) with first time exam passes, with previous work experience in audit, product control, and accounting control within professional services, and investment banking. possesses strong financial product knowledge especially in equities and fixed income structured products, combined with technical accounting skills.
partnering with accountants to help save their clients money.
international reporting & consolidation international startups sage ligne 100 - quickbooks - sage line 50 - bfc - ssis - api - python bruno.nedelec adviseup.co.uk
graduate of the management in information systems course from the university at buffalo. i've worked in armanino as an associate, where i've handled various audit functions for multiple clients on a weekly basis, led and participated in walkthroughs with control owners to understand control processes and gather audit evidence and tested numerous controls that have been documented under the aicpa, fasb and gaap standards accordingly. i'm very enthusiastic about joining the corporate world as an audit associate as i enjoy interacting with various people and documenting requirements that improve overall business processes. i'm familiar with audit inspection, compliance and substantive testing, and implementing the right controls to protect the critical assets of an organization. here are some of the skills i can provide to a firm, regulations cobit 5, coso, sox, hipaa, glba, nist-csf. methodology sdlc,waterfall,agile-scrum. audit tools auditboard, workiva, suralink, caseware. change management tools ms suite 2003/ 07/ 10, ms project. database oracle sql. visualization tool tableau.
i am the lincoln filene professor of business administration at the harvard business school, where i specialize in the business of entertainment, media, and sports. (speaking and other inquiries bookings anitaelberse.com)
i have spent over 25 years in sales and marketing in the information technology industry. after receiving a degree from hec, i began my career with bull in 1985. during my tenure with bull, i sold application software, hardware, and professional services, and i was appointed as a president s club member in 1990, an award given to the top 20 revenue producers among a 2,000 world-wide sales force. in 1994, i joined business objects where i was responsible for developing from scratch activities in southern europe, i.e., italy, spain, and portugal. after three years in this role, the region was generating ca 10% of business objects worldwide revenues. from 1997 to 2000, i was managing the marketing activities for business objects france operations, helping the company transition to a recognized leadership in the internet arena. in 2001, i was offered the responsibility for coordinating the implementation of business objects global sales process across europe. in today s economy, i believe that disciplined execution to a consistent sales process has become the most critical ingredient to solid sales performance. with that in mind, i have been representing customercentric selling(r) as an affiliate since 2003. specialties sales process design & implementation in the high-tech industry, sales effectiveness, enterprise social networks, enterprise 2.0, saas-y business models
writing is a struggle against silence.' carlos fuentes amina alami is a graduate of mohamed v university in rabat, morocco. she took up education as a career after majoring in english literature. she's currently teaching englsh at emi( a public engineering institute) and at the american language center. amina is interested in writing, specifically articles and short stories. she believes in the power of words to induce change personally and globally. the capacity to make people happy or sad has impressed her so much. amina is profoundly passionate about life and has the ability to go deep within for answers. this helps her in writing some personal insights.
stephanie ruhle anchors msnbc live with stephanie ruhle at 9 a.m. et and msnbc live with velshi & ruhle at 1 p.m. et on weekdays and appears across all nbc news and msnbc platforms, including nbc nightly news with lester holt, today, and nbcnews.com. since joining msnbc, ruhle has interviewed titans in politics, business, entertainment and sports including michael bloomberg, serena williams and more. ruhle is known for bringing humanity into her news coverage, including her reporting on the migrant crisis at the border in mcallen, texas and her daily good news ruhles segment. previously, ruhle served as anchor and managing editor for bloomberg television and editor-at-large for bloomberg news, where she co-hosted bloomberg go , bloomberg tv s flagship morning show featuring global thought leaders across business, tech and media. prior to bloomberg, ruhle worked at deutsche bank, serving as a managing director in global markets senior relationship management. ruhle began her career at credit suisse, where she was the highest-producing credit derivatives salesperson in the u.s. in 2015, ruhle produced and hosted the documentary haiti open for business , which sheds light on the country five years after it was hit by a devastating earthquake and explores its viability as the next emerging market. ruhle also participated in a short-form documentary, sharkland a mission blue & fusion expedition, which brings attention to the plight of sharks and the urgent needs to conserve our oceans. ruhle plays an active role in women s leadership development, having founded the corporate investment bank women s network and co-chaired women on wall street. ruhle is a member of the board of trustees for girls inc. nyc and in 2016 was honored as one of their women of the year. ruhle currently sits on the board and advises for 'react to film,' an issue-based documentary film series, and formerly served on the corporate councils of imentor and the white house project.
experienced sales representative with a demonstrated history of working in the retail industry. skilled in beading, luxury goods, retail, stone setting, and gemology. strong sales professional with a graduate diamond focused in diamond graduation from gemological institute of america-california.
 do you want to bring the true wonder woman potential from within you and make an impact on other people's lives you don't need to be in a 9-5 job you hate just to make enough money! i show women leaders how to monetize their passion and leave 'tired, stressed, and burned-out' as a distant, fading memory! i was in corporate for 7 years before i went full time into entrepreneurship. it's because deep down i know i am yet to unleash my full potentials and i have much more to offer. today, i have complete control over my life and make the money i want. the fulfillment i feel doing what i love is priceless. you, too, can have what you want. you deserve it. and if you are willing to grow forward, you will get it. are you ready to tap into your inner potential send me a dm and we will start with a complimentary 15-minute clarity call. ___________________________________________ connect with me here www.facebook.com/groups/digitalmarketingrider/ www.shalinis.co shal shalinis.co www.instagram.com/alwz_shalini/ 'your dream job doesn't exist. you must create it
i am very passionate about technology with a multicultural and multidisciplinary professional experience. over 16 years of experience in the it sector, entrepreneur, innovative, passionate. i have spent most of my career in companies where i was in charge of it management!
look for three things in a person 'intelligence, energy, and integrity. if he doesn t have the last one, don't even bother with the first two. warren buffet - berkshire hathaway ceo. a dynamic senior manager with extensive management experience within retail / fmcg in morocco. talented strategist with 11 years of experience in management, purchasing and category management, business development, product development. high performing manager with a proven record of accomplishment in setting up new business unit / project in many sectors. high ability to develop strategic long-term partnerships and communicate effectively with all levels of decision makers. enjoys managing, motivating, training and developing a successful and productive team and thrives in highly challenging working environments in national or international compagnies - negitiation et gestion de la distribution des marques exclusives - management des ventes & des marges - pilotage des achats import fmcg - administration et gestion des op rations triangulaires d'exportation vers l'afrique - exp rience dans les achats de la grande distribution et les achats de luxe dans un environnement international - aptitude la n gociation et conduite d op rations. - d veloppement du sourcing & d veloppement des gammes - cr ation et gestion des private label, suivi de la performance des produits - gestion & am lioration de la profitabilit des gammes import es - d veloppement du concept traditionnel au sein du mod le moderne (revendeurs-grossistes & chr)
bob ab15.org some of my bosses were idiots, some were bullies, other were really great people. i watched in fascination as the bad ones hacked away and turned the flame thrower on any growing shoots of positive culture. i always believed that there just had to be a better way. i vowed that if i ever found myself leading a team that i would treat them properly, be open and honest, show them respect and hold them accountable for delivery. i observed how people behaved at work and began to understand what shaped and moulded their actions and behaviour. i noticed that company policies, management edicts and inspirational wall posters had little or no impact. my eureka moment was in march 2006 when i was part-way through a $280m mbo. having solid core values that really defined and shaped a company s culture would make all the difference. we began a journey. defining core values is relatively easy. sharing them is simple. making them real is very, very difficult. it took me a few years with many false-starts and mistakes on the way but eventually we had a distinct and positive culture that was defined by our core values. when we faced difficult decisions, we would test options against the set off core values and choose the best fit. we began to win work on the basis of our culture, we attracted good people to come and join us and hardly anyone left. part of what i do today is to share the many lessons from leading large organizations for many years. the challenges of growing a business. i started with two people working for me and ended up with over 40,000. how to do core values. how to define, create and nurture a great organizational culture. the practicalities of leading major change and the need to focus on people at every step. the impact and power of using stories in business how to find them, how to craft them and how to tell them!
santiago i iguez de onzo o is the president of ie university and a recognized influencer in global higher education. he has been the first recipient (2019) of the founders award by thinkers50, the prestigious global ranking of thoughtful leaders in management. i iguez serves on the boards of headspring, a joint venture between ie business school and the financial times, offering custom programs for companies, as well as on the boards of efmd (european foundation for management development), renmin university business school (china), antai business school (jiao tong university, china), luiss business school (italy), mazars university (france), the russian presidential academy (ranepa, russia), and fgv-easp funda ao getulio vargas (brazil). he is a past chair of the board of aacsb. iniguez is the former dean of ie business school and has played a leading role in business education. he was portrayed by the financial times as one of the most significant figures in promoting european business schools internationally . he was the first european appointed as dean of the year by poets & quants (2017). he is the author of the learning curve how business schools are reinventing education (2011), cosmopolitan managers executive education that works (2016), and in an ideal business how the ideas of 10 female philosophers bring value to the workplace (2020), as well as co-editor of business despite borders companies in the age of populist anti-globalization (2018), all published by palgrave macmillan (springer). iniguez is a regular speaker at international conferences and frequently contributes in different journals and media on higher education and executive development. he is one of the 500 global linkedin influencers and in 2019 has been recognized as the leading spanish influencer in management by the mexican magazine entrepreneur. iniguez is professor of strategic management. he holds a degree in law, a ph.d. in moral philosophy and jurisprudence (complutense university, spain) and an mba from ie business school. he was a recognized student at the university of oxford, uk.
dr. dipo awojide obtained a phd in strategic management from loughborough university. he has worked in the banking and financial services sector and as a researcher in the human resources department at brush turbogenerators, uk. currently, he is a senior lecturer in strategy at nottingham business school. he has expertise in strategic management, personal and professional development, and leadership and employability. dipo is also the founder of btdt hub, a human capital development company and btdt home tutors, a tutoring agency which provides high quality tutoring to primary 1-sss 3 pupils. he takes a genuine interest in the development of young people, teams, and organisations. he has mentored well over 1,000 young people from the united kingdom, canada, france, italy, poland, spain, russia, india, china, nigeria, ghana, kenya, south africa, and other countries. he also delivers training to companies to optimise their performance. he is a member of the africa academy of management, british academy of management, and an associate member of the chartered management institute (uk). dipo is research-active and currently conducts research on organisational ambidexterity and organisational culture. he currently co-supervises a 3rd year phd student researching on innovation and ambidexterity in the chinese banking sector. in december 2019, dipo was unveiled as a top 20 linkedin voice (uk) for his personal and professional development articles, posts, and comments.
a strategy professional striving for excellence personally and professionally. passionate about sustainability, women empowerment, and recently the world of telecommunications.
international project management proven experience in emerging countries industry analysis strategic planning new business development sales and marketing, public relations multicultural background project management
with nearly 25 years of experience, liz claman described by vanity fair as ...one of television s top business reporters and anchor shares insights on leadership and the global economy gleaned from her access to the most influential and powerful business leaders in the world. the turbulence making its way through the global economy has many searching for answers and there are few better authorities on where we are and where we are going than liz claman. an emmy award-winning journalist, author and one of the top anchors at fox business news where she anchors countdown to the closing bell and after the bell, claman has traversed the globe from detroit to davos to get an in-depth understanding of today s biggest stories in business and the economy. having worked her way from local news desks to landing a reporter and anchor position at cnbc where she nabbed the first one-hour, live sit-down interview with billionaire warren buffett, claman has earned a reputation as one of the most respected financial journalists in television for her tenacity, intellect and savvy in covering the financial issues of the day. in her keynote presentations, claman delivers an up-to-the-minute analysis of the news and people moving the markets and what it all means for the future of the u.s. and global economy. she is the author of the best investment advice i ever received priceless wisdom from warren buffett, jim cramer, suze orman, steve forbes, and dozens of other top financial experts.
steve has been part of, or co-founded eight silicon valley startups. these have run the gamut from semiconductors, video games, personal computers, and supercomputers. (mips, zilog, rocket science, supermac, convergent technologies, ardent, esl) steve's last company was e.piphany, an enterprise software company. full bio at www.steveblank.com/about steve is a past board member of california league of conservation voters (clcv), audubon california, peninsula open space trust (post) and startup weekend. he served as a governors appointee to the california coastal commission. steve currently teaches entrepreneurship at stanford and columbia university. he was awarded the stanford university undergraduate teaching award in the department of management science and engineering. and was honored with the earl f. cheit outstanding teaching award at u.c. berkeley haas school of business. the national science foundation adopted his lean launchpad class as the u.s. standard for commercializing basic and applied research via the innovation corps. all his course material is open-sourced at http //steveblank.com/slides/ his article on the lean startup was the cover story of the may 2013 havard business review. it can be downloaded from www.steveblank.com commencement speaker at - u.c. santa cruz in 2019 - dalhousie university in 2017 - nyu in 2016 - esade business school in barcelona in 2014 - university of minnesota in 2013 - philadelphia university in 2011 http //steveblank.com/2011/05/17/philadelphia-university-commencement-speech- -may-15th-2011/ specialties marketing, sales and business dev strategies for emerging startups. innovation in corporate and government. conservation and environmental organizations.
hr professional and coach 11 years of experience in hr and leadership and development . i hold a ba and mba and coaching certificate through international coaching federation qualification . having held functional roles managing learning and development talent management & career development performance management and emiratization. very knowledgeable about what is practical and what works and doesn't work regionally. committed and caring professional who is passionate about learning and development and helping people achieve their potential. i am specializes in developing, putting in place and measuring the effectiveness of systems to identify, develop and retain talent, as well as in coaching managers and potential leaders of the future.
quick learner, multitasker. with a demonstrated history of working under pressure.
14 years of sales and customer s/distributor s business development at procter and gamble in middle east and north africa (casablanca, dubai). experience with broad business acumens ranging from entrepreneurship, high level negotiation, brand building, shopper and customer understanding, developing and executing sustainable business models in mena markets as well as leading highly effective teams delivering strong results year on year in challenging contexts. always leading large and complex scopes 1.challenges of multi channel businesses modern trade, pharmacy, e-commerce, cash and carry, traditional trade 2.leading most strategic countries in the region (scale and profit) egypt, levant and gulf in a challenging context of political instabilities and devaluation 3.leading giant go to market structural interventions on channel, segment, country and regional levels. 4.leading large organizations talent acquisition, coaching, career development. experience trainer focusing on developing capabilities 5.launching new segments, brands and new markets and working on several billion dollar brands across middle east and africa my core strengths 1.driving multifunctional teams to focus on delivering a strong track record of sustainable best in class results 2.mutli channel/segments expertise in fmcg house hold, beauty, baby and feminine care, oral care, beauty appliances (electro)- online and offline married, mom, passionate photographer
out of the box thinker and team leader with a collaborative management style and performance leadership culture. naturally inclined to develop consulting businesses in technology and tecnical services sectors where multiple stakeholder interests need to be balanced and aligned for success.
global markets reporter at cnbc business news. member of the council on foreign relations.
just focused on getting the job done well
o strategic planning o business development o performance (kpi) management o sales analysis & reporting o organizational management o strategic hr planning o hr management consulting
i m passionate about using technology to eradicate inefficiencies in our society. i m currently helping grow feishu (www.feishu.com), china s first collaboration suite which does just that. previously, i was an investment analyst at ggv capital (first in the silicon valley office and then the china office), where i focused on consumer and tmt investments across china and the us (as well as emerging markets like southeast asia). i launched and co-hosted 996 , a podcast where i and ggv managing partner hans tung interviewed leaders in us-china cross-border tech and entrepreneurship. it became the world s most listened-to english podcast on tech & entrepreneurship in china. i have interned as a reporter covering china's tech industry for the information. my writings have also been published on foreign policy, the huffington post, harvard magazine, the harvard crimson, among others. i graduated from harvard university phi beta kappa with a degree in psychology. at harvard, i wrote and edited for the harvard crimson, led the organization of harvard china forum (a 1,000-people conference featuring leaders from china and the us), and ran a weekly newsletter about food around the university. i grew up in changchun, a city in northeast china, and received my secondary education in singapore. i blog at www.zarazhang.com.
about me talent hits a target no one else can hit genius hits a target no one else can see. i help great companies find those geniuses... international experience taiwanese who has worked in the us & now in singapore lived in san francisco usa (3 years) minneapolis usa (1 year) and now currently living in singapore (2 years) fluent in english & chinese key competencies expert knowledge in technology-related recruitment collaborating with startups and innovation/digital labs across diverse industries
i thrive in a fluctuating environment & transforms unexpected obstacles into stepping stones for achievement
1) consistent performer, hard worker and positive team player with almost (20) years of experience in itc fields. 2) in depth understanding of mobile users, behavior/needs and ability to design and deploy effective mobility solutions/products for consumers (b2c) and enterprises (b2b). 3) experience in cross functional working environment, in business development specially in north west africa region, efficient knowledge in channel and retail sales & marketing. specialties digital transformation, ui/ux, customers experience, crm, business development, products management, products & services development, mobility services, maps services, gis, geocontents, geodata, geoinformation.
d veloppent ressources humaines , acculturation digitale, gestion de campagne, marketing op rationnel , marketing gestion de produit, march , crm bi et data mining
satisfied with where i am, and eager for more!
geoffrey garrett is dean, robert r. dockson dean s chair in business administration, and professor of management and organization at the usc marshall school of business. he became dean of the marshall school in 2020, having previously served as dean of the wharton school of the university of pennsylvania for six years. dr. garrett was a professor at usc 2005-2008 while he was president of the pacific council on international policy. before that he was founding dean of the international institute and vice provost of international studies at ucla. in his native australia, garrett was founding ceo of the united states studies centre and dean of the business schools at both the university of sydney and unsw. earlier in his career, he held academic appoints at oxford, stanford and yale universities. dean garrett is a fellow of the australian academy of the social sciences, sits on the advisory boards of the indian school of business and the tsinghua university school of economics and management. he is a member of the board of directors of park hotels and resorts and is a winner of the foreign policy association medal and the advance global australian award. a well-respected commentator on global business, economics and politics in major media outlets, he writes a regular series of articles as a linkedin influencer. dr. garrett holds a ba (honors) from the australian national university, and an ma and phd from duke university where he was a fulbright scholar.
sales professional with a background in finance, traditional estate agency and extensive experience in the online model and start up companies. i constantly strive to deliver the best customer service possible to my clients. through honesty and hard work i know that i have and can build some fantastic business relationships with other like minded people.
experienced senior project manager with a demonstrated history of working in the electrical and electronic manufacturing industry. skilled in autocad, distributed control system (dcs), process control, programmable logic controller (plc), and engineering. strong program and project management professional graduated from universit de bretagne sud, lorient.
bdr salesforce by profession. student of the game by choice. i chose sales as a career path for growth and personal development. what worked yesterday might not work today or tomorrow. that s why i am constantly observing industry and technology trends. i try, test, fail and eventually succeed in order to improve by 1% every day and share my knowledge with my peers. i am passionate about positivity, productivity, health, fitness and wellbeing. my skillset includes sales development, outbound business development, cold calling, social selling, salesforce.com, linkedin salesnavigator and vidyard. i sourced over $1m in closed acv (fy21)
every idea has a right to shine. but with the loads of ways we can communicate, we have actually lost the unique chance to hear and get heard. i am here to make sure the right ideas get to see the light by being shared with the right audiences. with my assistance you get an opportunity to meet with family offices and ultra high net worth individuals and create professional bonds that will last for decades. those connections can easily become a powerful boost for anyone who is offering investment opportunities, business advisory services and wealth management solutions. i will be more than happy to provide you with a choice of options for you and your business. reach me at mohammed grammigadvisory.com today to get your ideas into the spotlight!
i enjoy building great businesses and products. entrepreneurial executive with experience across product (facebook), strategy (mckinsey) and consumer (l oreal) with deep market knowledge of emerging markets. recognised leader in tech with thought leadership in the world economic forum, mwc, gdc, digiday and facebook f8. passionate about building great teams and culture.
i make sense of ambiguous financial markets for business leaders, decision-makers and investors.
as an entrepreneur based in switzerland, i serve my clients, leaders of established businesses, startup founders and investors, globally. my clients benefit from my unique mix of deep expertise and hands-on in business, technology and people management. for established businesses + advising c-level executives and business owners + strategy and digitalisation, business development and, if required, turnaround + investment assessment for private and institutional investors, followed by a tailored coaching for underperforming companies/startups for startups + due diligence and evaluation, 400+ startups evaluated to date + founder coaching in entrepreneurship, strategy, business growth and product development, pitching and fund raising + jury member, mentor and speaker at startup & investor events for project sponsors + project turnaround, beyond expectations *** others say it better *** 'kristina klassen has made a significant contribution to our work by helping to shape our strategy, set our priorities and focus on our objectives. she brings substantial experience from a broad range of organisations which will undoubtedly enable her to identify fresh ideas and approaches to familiar issues.' - fw de klerk, chairman, the global leadership foundation nobel peace prize winner, former president of south africa 'kristina klassen is a remarkable lady with a striking personality. i can think of no better person to motivate and enliven a tired, bored or otherwise underperforming team. she enthuses without criticism, leads without compulsion. i recommend her unhesitatingly to any ceo whose company is drifting downwards.' - sir andrew cook, chairman, william cook holdings ltd, uk 'even in a very difficult and complicated environment, kristina was able to understand and grasp the reality of the situation in a short span of time and provide quick decisive input. despite the enormous amount of pressure on the multi-million dollar undertaking kristina never lost sight of the goal, kept the project team on course and won over critical stakeholders for the project.' - marcel schlatter, member of director s board, pf ag, switzerland 'kristina delivered rapid results in a situation where success seemed almost unachievable. years on these results are still valued and relevant. her ability in uniting a heterogeneous team as well as leading the team along with the technology to success was outstanding.' - reto christen, manager, suva, switzerland how may i help you request a 20-min e-meeting https //kristinaklassen.com/contact/
senior business development leader with focus on technical b2b industries (lab instruments, automation, chemicals, coatings, medical technologies). developed sales from greenfield up to multimillion. proficient in both organic and inorganic growth. multi-channel marketing campaigns expertise (incl. digital). cross-cultural and cross-functional skills
join 450k+ businesses and get your revolut business account today https //link.revolut.com/3goyb8i6j7
one of the key elements to increase organizational productivity, profitability, and performance is to identify the right skillful alignment between technical needs and organizational strategic goals. as an innovative business developer with more than 13 years of combined experience in strategic & operational planning, project management, and technology services industries, i have led and planned many strategic management office (smo), project management office (pmo) as well as quality management office (qmo) in several international and local organizations. i offer extensive experience leading start-up strategic management systems, project management system, as well as bi systems and delivering high-quality technology solutions on time and on budget. i have the proven ability to provide senior leadership in establishing organizational strategy, goals, and priorities for (large & small) and (local &international) organizations. key strengths include providing technical leadership on significant proposals for high profile client solutions, communicating corporate vision, information systems management, and creating a culture and work ethic that will maximize efficiency and team performance in the organization. currently, i am leading the national team to achieve the national statistical strategy 2030 vision of the kingdom of saudi arabia
recruitment director with an outstanding track record of serving clients and candidates throughout the london and the uk midlands. who i am an experienced business development director and headhunter. services provided specialist targeted headhunters for the digital & technology, and pr, creative & marketing industries. how i help our candidates using our knowledge, relationships and associates to put you in front of the right people. we have strong relationships with some of the uk's influential companies. we listen to you, find out who you are and what your career goals are, and then share opportunities with you. how i help our clients our continued goal is to screen the best candidates keeping in mind company culture, personality requirements and skill-set match. this achievement can only happen by understanding our clients and our candidate s needs, grasping and accomplishing the requirements of both. like you, our job is pretty full-on. we doubt you have the time to search for candidates for the role within your company. we ll take complete care of this for you. the result you only get the very best responses from high calibre candidates. engage with us to find out what makes create recruitment your recruiting companion for your next hire or opportunity. to learn more about our services for companies and candidates www.createrecruitment.co.uk or call 020 3092 3797
responsible for ie's office in canada. this includes recruitment, admissions and alumni relations for those living in canada. i am happy to do a pre-assessment of your profile to help determine if you are a fit for ie, and help you to decide which program is best for you. please add a note about this to your request to join my network, or send me a message indicating you would like a pre-assesment - canada ie.edu
a highly accomplished tv presenter and business journalist with expertise in china / the middle east. i speak 9 languages including chinese and arabic, and currently work as business correspondent for chinese state broadcaster china global television network (cgtn) and xinhua news agency, business news commentator for china radio international (cri), international consultant for the lang lang international music foundation, international advisor for the st. gallen symposium, and execute several corporate mandates from my base in london and zurich. previously, i was cnnmoney switzerland tv anchor in zurich and cgtn senior business reporter in beijing. before that, i worked as reuters economy correspondent for the gulf arab region in dubai and reuters financial tv producer in london. i have moderated at many top financial and business events around the world, such as the world economic forum (wef) in davos, the worlds biggest tech conference collision 2020, the united nations' general assembly in nyc in 2019, one of the world's biggest tech conferences collision 2020, the malta a.i. & blockchain summit 2019, the 2019 in hong kong, the asian infrastructure investment bank (aiib) annual general meeting 2019 in luxembourg, or the opening of industrial and commercial bank of china (icbc) in zurich in 2018. during my career, i have conducted dozens of exclusive interviews, including with the president of the international olympic committee (ioc) thomas bach, bank of england governor mark carney, world bank group president jim yong kim, chinese star pianist lang lang, novartis ceo vas narasimhan, or grammy award winner and musician will.i.am. more information on my website http //martinafuchs.global/
 m s que influencer, me declaro inspirational hola tribu power! mi nombre es ana romero pero mis amigos me llaman ani, adem s de ser profesional, soy tambi n un ser humano imperfecto como t y como todos los que estamos en sta red. no soy gur , salvadora, ni ejemplo de nada ni nadie, referente quiz s. bienvenidos a mi mundo en donde te ayudo a sacar el power que t ya tienes dentro pero te has olvidado que tenias. si quieres contactarte conmigo, tengo un equipo de personas comprometidas a servirte a trav s de equipo mycoachingpower.com coaching power online la p gina web oficial de coaching power online est siendo reestructurada para ofrecerte todos nuevos servicios online adaptados al nuevo paradigma de hoy para empresas y personas. www.personaspower.com ana romero conferencista motivaci nal & fundadora en coaching power online, open coaching now y mujeres power. empresaria en bienes & ra ces. escribo en la revista gesti n del grupo el comercio y mentora del cide de la universidad cat lica del per . organizadora del tedxlima en el per bajo la licencia de ted international. miembro de honor del customer experience latam association. es influencer corporativa oficial de linkedin como top voice desde el 2018 y power voice seg n la revista entrepreneur 2019 y su primer libro power se mantiene como best seller. reciente alianza con the power mba y crehana. ganadora del premio a la innovaci n y excelencia empresarial espa a 2020. informaci n entrevistas/prensa ana romero coordinadora daniela lara | +51997365544 paquetes corporativos empresariales coordinadora comercial shirley rojas +51997603133 e-learning privado certificados con ana coordinadora e-learning l nasly ramos +51 963 024 810 e-book libro 25 poderes de ana romero link https //www.amazon.com/-/es/ana-romero-ebook/dp/b07pjm7c7z programas linkedin conociendo al lider (entrevistas a ceos) desahuevate (tertulias con miguel figueroa) humanos maravillosos (entrevista a personas que hacen ayuda social/empresa social) tiende tu cama (tertulias con wendy ramos) valientes (entrevista a emprendedores(as) la hora del juego (pausas activas para desenchufarnos un ratito y jugar con la gente de linkedin) activando tu power (programa de herramientas de automotivacion por ana romero) linkejuntas con cristian ulloa (elevator pitch en linkejuntas) linkemomentos videos cortos de ana romero para inspirar gentil recordatorio reflexiones de ana para tu d a. desenchufate un ratito videos inspiraci n para tu automotivacion estamos juntos en esto! ani
cognism is helping to enrich crm records, stream leads into the sales funnel and is using artificial intelligence to surface opportunities and identify your next customer. a pure ai sales technology company that generates prospect data at scale, cleaning and enriching it, helping sales teams to create efficiencies and scale across all levels of the sales process.
 .... , ' ! i teach, train and consult with businesses that have a problem of under-performance in sales and marketing. marketing is 80% strategy and 20% execution. in 20 years. when your sales aren't hitting the mark, most people over-compensate with execution and tactics, but if you want to dig a little deeper, you can probably do less and sell more. no amount of ad budget, new tech, mastermind or secret sauce can solve a strategy problem. but you can keep a lot of marketing agencies, internet marketers and consultants in a hip and trendy office. in fact... if you really dig deep into your strategy and thinking around your business and customer, you may not need to spend anything on marketing! ... ,! about i've worked with some amazing companies from start ups to multi-nationals. i've also guest lectured at universities in the uk. i'm the maverick that helps business solve their no 1 problem how to convince more customers to buy. i'm no nonsense and i cut to the chase, but i'm not rude or abrasive. if you want more revenue coming through your door, book a 1 1 strategy call https //www.maverriked.com/grow-scale-your-business proof anyone is marketing or sales has an propensity to bull shit. those who deny it, well, they are bullshitters of the worst kind. i've got reviews from clients.... wait for the brag bit... not vague anonymous ones... you can read them and verify them! the big names include... amazon microsoft pricewaterhousecoopers (pwc) the press association oxford university reading university plymouth university global radio and... lots of great smes too.
hr generalist performance management, social relations, hr projects, hr administration, recruitment, training...
situ au c ur du prestigieux quartier d affaires de casablanca, office59 met votre disposition une structure compl te avec une gamme de services tendue pour r pondre tous vos besoins. vous souhaitez d marrer ou vous avez d j mis en place vos op rations au maroc vous d sirez utiliser l'attrait d'une ville comme casablanca vous recherchez un emplacement dans un quartier prestigieux vous voulez trouver dans un immeuble de caract re des locaux meubl s et quip s des derni res technologies ou seulement utiliser les avantages d un bureau virtuel . office59 vous offre ses services et met votre disposition ses locaux pour des utilisations de courte ou longue dur e. -bureaux quip s -un espace calme et meubl , -des services la carte incluant la gestion de votre courrier et une assistante administrative -la gestion du t l phone avec r ponse personnalis e par une r ceptionniste, -l utilisation du mat riel de t l copie, d impression,
a functional consultant (business analyst, project management officer, and scrum master), currently working in digital transformation for the industrial & financial sectors. with over 5 years of experience doing software engineering and projects management at multinational companies, my primary focus is listening to the client, studying the client s needs, and helping create appropriate business solutions for the client s problems.
motivated sales and marketing leader offering years of progressive technology experience. highly results-oriented and energetic with unsurpassed interpersonal and communication strengths. productive, hardworking and known for consistent stellar performance against target sales goals and customer service expectations. skills include excellent people skills, new business development, staff management, relationship building, verbal and written communication, and goal-oriented.
helping enterprises to organize and manage their data.
a confident, versatile and enthusiastic it project manager with good all-round supervisory and technical expertise. a proven ability of ensuring the smooth running of ict systems and providing it services that will improve the efficiency and performance of any company. extensive practical knowledge of network support, technical support and skype for business. as a focused and committed professional, have led major project roll-outs and technology implementations for high-profile organisations, always meeting stakeholder expectations and ensuring it processes align with overall business objectives i am passionate about working to high standards and have the ability to swiftly adapt to new technologies and working processes.
experienced senior managing consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the luxury goods and jewelry industry. skilled in negotiation, customer service, sales, strategic planning, and business development. strong consulting professional with a university of sydney focused in business, management, marketing, and related support servicesjournalism public relations marketing from balmain high school jjcahill memorail high school university std.
highly accomplished, results-driven senior manager and financial management executive with more than 18 years of progressive experience and strong in banking, finance and operations management within start-ups and global multinational organisations. demonstrated ability to streamline business operations in different sectors that drive growth and increase efficiency and bottom-line profit. strong qualifications in developing and implementing businesses, and change management, possesses solid leadership, communication and interpersonal skills to establish rapport with all levels of staff and management. core competencies include banking and financial governance electronic banking- cash management- risk management strategic planning business development analysis- reporting kpis financial planning budget & cost control negotiations - accounting funding international finance regulatory compliance debt management- team management, business implementation,
talented project manager with excellent client oversight, issue resolution and cost analysis skills. highly effective at juggling multiple projects at once. seeking a new challenges
dynamic business development executive with 18 plus years of experience building talented sales teams that dominate their competition. ability to work within a corporate structure successfully and talented enough to start up a company and establish market superiority. passionate about coaching people to allow them the ability to achieve their goals and known for building sales teams with no fear, that realize that no is only temporary. strong focus is on team success, which is what truly inspires me. have always believed second place is first place loser...
sally is a strategic thinker, restorative business advisor and calculative action taker who thrives in fast-paced and complex-adaptive environments. with a wealth of practical multidisciplinary experience in operational strategy, project management, communications management, stakeholder management and cadence development sally has an esteemed capability to design, build and restore functional operating models. as an energetic business analyst, sally works with clients of all shapes and sizes to help them overcome functional, experiential and communications challenges. her passion for data and process enables her to provide thorough and effective service to her clients and design solutions that consider the needs of the business. sally s ability to understand and improve things through her 5-step methodology (discover, diagnose, dissect, design and deploy) positions her competitively as an independent service solutions provider for clients across myriad industries. in 2018 sally was one of several industry experts who contributed to the sap commissioned white paper on the impact of emerging technologies on retail. in 2019 sally was one of 50 global experts who contributed to the talkwalker and hubspot social media trends for 2020 research paper. in 2020 sally co-authored, with huawei s cto and cso, the wiley commissioned white paper on 5g ai-enabled automation. as one of australia's leading linkedin business media personalities, content marketers and educators, sally boasts over 89m organic content views with an average feed content engagement rate of 2.76% with second order exposure reach to the effect of 200m, and an average linkedin live content engagement rate of 23.2%. sally's approach to strategic content marketing is anchored to the art of analytical reasoning. at age 18 sally was one of australia s youngest franchisees and at the age of 22 she was recognised by news corp as the 59th most powerful person in the northern territory of australia. #brainsoverbreasts is her pioneered advocacy to recognize women for their intellectual capacity over their inherent female body features. contact sally team elegantlyblatant.com
experienced customer marketing with a demonstrated history of working in the education management industry. skilled in microsoft excel, customer service, microsoft word, strategic planning, and public speaking. strong support professional with a master focused in marketing and international trade from ecole nationale de commerce et de gestion de tanger .
what do i do a bit of everything to accelerate the growth of tech startups and smes. where across asia. i recruit senior techno-commercial talents. i also built inside sales and lead generation processes. my real name is agnieszka, but who will spell it, call me agnes. winning 2 grants for 2 faculties in 2 universities, i could not choose, and i took them both. this way i graduated from sociology (economics and advertising) and polish philology (language for foreigners). education and facilitating communities became my lifetime passion. though my major focus was always placed in the business world. within 10 years of my career, i spent 5 in business development, 2 in management and 5 in sales. exposure to a variety of industries (from energy market, renewable energy, in particular, investment and trading to education and entrepreneurs) provided a solid overview of functioning with and within organizations on all levels.
i am a teacher, networker, educational entrepreneur and a musician. i am passionate about meeting new people, exploring new ideas and opportunities. i derive satisfaction from helping others, especially as a guide or mentor to young people. i'd be happy to share my experience, skills, and network resources that i have acquired over the years as an investment professional and academic leader.
a technical professional worked with various industry-standards rdbmss, etl tools, bi reporting solutions, amazon web services (aws) tools, google cloud platform (gcp) as well as large and complex big data datasets. expertise data analytics, data engineering, data warehousing, technical consulting, and cloud solutions currently, i am a graduate with a certificate of advanced study in data science from syracuse university. analytics and business intelligence r, python, tableau, pyspark, power bi, oraclebi, ms ssrs, ms excel, hadoop ecosystem cloud technologies aws, gcp etl and database tools ms ssis, ms ssas, ms sql server, oracle 10g, mysql, ibm netezza application lifecycle methodologies agile and waterfall critical thinking skills, attention to details able to work independently and in a team environment. strong analytical background with experience in data cleaning, data validation, data engineering, qualitative and quantitative analysis and data visualization of large data sets. i have the capability to lead a cross-functional project team in both agile and waterfall methodologies. also, i like to validate my knowledge through certifications to get accustomed to real-world analysis. currently, i am working on 1. completed certifications & courses data engineering on google cloud platform (coursera), statistical learning (stanford university) 2. on-going certifications data engineer nanodegree (udacity), aws certified solutions architect associate (expected jun 2020) you can reach out to me at tushar.sharma018 gmail.com to discuss careers or projects in data/technology or simply to say hi
penny pritzker is the founder and chairman of psp partners and its affiliates, pritzker realty group, psp capital and psp growth. from june 2013 through january 2017, she served as u.s. secretary of commerce in the obama administration. ms. pritzker is an entrepreneur, civic leader, and philanthropist, with more than 30 years of experience in numerous industries. ms. pritzker founded vi senior living (formerly known as classic residence by hyatt), and co-founded the parking spot, artemis real estate partners, and inspired capital. ms. pritzker is the former chairman of the board of transunion and is a past board member of hyatt hotels corporation, wm. wrigley jr. company, marmon group, and lasalle bank corporation. ms. pritzker is also a member of the board of microsoft, chairman of the board of trustees of the carnegie endowment for international peace, a member of the harvard corporation, aspen strategy group and the aspen economic strategy group, and a co-chair of the cyber readiness institute. ms. pritzker was formerly a member of the board of the council on foreign relations, the board of trustees of stanford university, the harvard university board of overseers and founded skills for america s future. ms. pritzker also served on president obama s council on jobs and competitiveness and his economic recovery advisory board.
hard work + dreams + dedication success' human resources professional with experience in the field of hr generalist activities, spanning across the functions of staffing, performance management, talent management, learning and development and employee engagement.
i have the loyalty, initiative, faith, skills, ability, determination and a hardworking woman! some of my key strengths include - solid business operations, project management, customer service, strong business marketer/digital marketing and database management experience with an effective combination of assuming multiple responsibilities and innovation to consistently meet objectives. - excellent interpersonal and business communication skills with the experience required to remain highly focused and self-possesed in fast-paced, demanding environments. - passionate. dedicated with a strong desire to succeed and can do attitude. - - innovative, pro-active self starter able to work under pressure in a start-up environment, highly organized and has the ability to prioritize her work and to operate with little/ no supervision. specialties executive manager, consolidator, business distributor, customer relationship, good business relationship, brand ambassador, brand consulting, business development, excellent marketer
email olivia onemoondigital.com
reliable financial business partner with broad experience mainly in financial planning and analysis, management control and cost accounting in production plant. can manage complexity and uncertainty in fast paced and unpredictable environments, have strong analytical and problem solving skills, able to quickly learn and adapt to new environments and technologies.
i am an award-winning journalist who spent the past five years living in beijing, china working as a tech reporter and in the foreign policy space. i recently moved back to the us and focus on small businesses as part of an international reporting team at linkedin.
business generator in defence & aerospace
today , i'm a human resources information system consultant with more than 9 years experiences. during my different work positions , i had built a strong knowledge of hris areas (administration, payroll, clockin/clockout & activities, training-learning, social ...). i had a daily mission to build and deploy a several hris projects in the mediterranean region (france, morocco,tunisia )for more than 13000 employees today i work on important worldwide projects covering more than 45 000 employees for more than 60 sites in the world. i'm specialized in technical expertise within the web as well as integration and configuration of hr applications (erp and specific development needs) tools gestor, arcole, peoplesoft, j2ee local intranet.
a dynamic personality with exceptional entrepreneurial abilities and leadership skills which has helped translate corporate vision, overcome challenges in complex business situations and drive the organisation to achieve positive results. harshit, an alumnus of iit bhu, is the chief business officer at oyo hotels & homes. he started his professional career at the age of 22 and was one of oyo s initial 10 employees. he was appointed as the business development manager for oyo's first city in gurgaon. oyo forayed into its first international project in malaysia under the leadership of harshit, where he set up a team of malaysian nationals, tested out various business models and built relationships with asset partners. he has also been the head of west region at oyo, leading a team of over 2000 employees. with over half a decade of experience in the hospitality industry, harshit shares his expertise and knowledge as a guest speaker at reputed management institutes. he speaks on a variety of topics ranging across leadership, management, innovation, productivity, work culture. he is also a member of the mumbai chapter of the young indians & young leaders council by aima, where he is committed to mentor the youth and give them insights into the world of business.
an award winning entrepreneur, philanthropist and innovator. an enthusiastic supporter of entrepreneurship, social enterprises and charitable initiatives. strongly believe in the value of equal opportunity and shared prosperity - and the power of education, employment, enterprise, arts, culture and sports.
a resourceful individual with 12 years of experience in human resource effective management and human resource information systems solutions as a human resource lead. coming with extensive knowledge of organizational change management & corporate communication using outstanding organizational and analytical skills in alignment with organization strategy, that increase employee productivity, performance and engagement.
jennifer openshaw is an innovator, author, and financial leader with expertise in wealth, women, and digital education. after working in the financial industry and fielding questions as the 'money expert' for kcbs-tv, she created silicon valley-based women's financial network, a pioneer in the space later sold to siebert financial (nyse sieb). she started girls with impact -- the only entrepreneurship program of its kind -- to equip girls to lead from the top and build next generation talent. tell a girl to apply today www.girlswithimpact.com specialties wealth, personal investing, compliance and regulations, financial education, pfm, women, millennials, innovation, branding, digital content, partnerships, business development, data-driven advocacy, and strategic communications.
experi ncia de 15 anos em recursos humanos atuando como hr business partner e tech recruiter. como hr business partner atuo de forma consultiva e hands-on. forte experi ncia mapeando os perfis e talentos, treinamento e desenvolvimento de times, plano de sucess o, avalia o de desempenho, remunera o, cargos e sal rios, programa de est gio e clima organizacional. conhecimentos de legisla o trabalhista. como senior tech recruiter especialista em perfis digitais, principalmente, desenvolvedor, scrum master, agile coach, product manager/owner, devops, data engineer, data scientist, ux/ui. atua o em todo processo, desenho do perfil da vaga at o onbording do profissional no time.
i like telling great stories to large audiences.
franklincovey maroc est une multinationale performante sp cialis e en leadership et efficacit organisationnelle. nos solutions sont le r sultat des travaux de stephan r covey. ils sont utilis s par 90% des entreprises de fortune 100. nous existons dans plus de 160 pays au monde, nous d livrons notre savoir-faire avec plusieurs langues et avec des experts certifi s dans nos solutions. notre expertise s' tale sur plusieurs domaines d'expertises savoir le leadership - ex cution - efficacit - performance des ventes - fid lit clients - education. c'est un processus d'accompagnement tr s complet qui prend en consid ration toutes les contraintes de management.
anwar janbi brings 16+ years of experience in business development with skills in operations leadership, sales management, and marketing coordination. anwar has served as the head of procurement at linde sigas since 2019. he manages an annual spend of 240m sar while ensuring procurement operations align with established budgets. he is currently leading the company towards an 11m sar savings goal for financial year 2020 by refining maintenance, forwarding services, and insurance. additionally, he oversees pmo functions and is currently managing 2 simultaneous primary company development projects. anwar introduced a 20/80 focus on end-users, vendors, and mgfs, improving key areas by 35%. anwar held roles of increasing authority at middle east specialized cables from 2015 to 2019 and served as acting regional manager and senior marketing manager from 2018 to his departure. he led a diverse five-member team of sales representatives, delivering well-received training and mentorship that increased team productivity by 40%. this enabled the sales team to surpass sales targets by 8% and achieve annual sales of sar 212 million. he transitioned the company from three catalogues to five, reducing costs from sar 120k to sar 2k by sourcing via new channels provided by technology. furthermore, anwar led the team in successfully penetrating two new markets and achieving an additional annual value of sar 10 million. his focused marketing campaigns improved social media engagement by 400% in two months, and he achieved a 60% success on roi at mena and north africa events and trade shows. anwar possesses a bachelor of business administration from king faisal university and a cipd level 5 certification in hr management. he is committed to expanding his technical skills and industry knowledge to ensure success in competitive markets. you can contact anwar at 00966-504546077 or via email at anwar janbi.me
sheena s. iyengar is the s.t. lee professor of business at the columbia business school. she graduated with a b.s. in economics from the wharton school of the university of pennsylvania and received her ph.d. in social psychology from stanford university. dr. iyengar s research focuses on the psychology of choice and decision-making, addressing how humans face challenges in a world where they are inundated with options. she has also tackled issues in the business world through the lenses of network analysis and diversity-inspired ideation. she studies the processes used by both groups and individuals in making choices to see how we can improve on innovation, problem solving, and leveraging business relationships. dr. iyengar has been published in premiere academic journals across such disciplines as economics, psychology, management, and marketing, and she received the presidential early career award in 2002, and was voted among the top 50 most influential business thinkers by thinkers50 and rated one of the world's best b-school professors by poets and quants. her best selling book the art of choosing received a one of six financial times and goldman sachs business books of the year 2010 awards, and was ranked #3 on the amazon.com best business and investing books of 2010. her research is regularly cited in the popular media, including the nyt, wsj, the economist, and bbc. dr. iyengar has also appeared on television programs like the today show, the daily show, and fareed zakaria s gps on cnn and her documentary on the art of choosing remains one of the most watched documentaries in japan. her ted talks have collectively received over four and a half million views. dr. iyengar currently sits on the board of the asian university for women and is looking to expand her work on further board opportunities. she is also a member of the ashinaga kenjin-tatsujin international advisory council. she is a blind, first generation indian-american who lives in new york city.
experienced business development consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in cloud computing, management, sales, solution selling, and business development. strong sales professional with a bachelor of engineering (science) focused in software from gachon univ
extensive supervisory and managerial experience gained from managing different outbound accounts in the bpo and it industries (sales and lead generation). possess excellent coaching, motivational and strong leadership skills. developing and improving performance of the agents with a team ranging from 12-20 full time employees. maintaining a motivated team environment to exceed efficiency level, quality assurance standards and sales target. i have done several outbound sales activities as well including lead generation, event recruitment, appointment setting, data profiling and acquisition, database and records cleansing through b2b cold calling focusing on it industry.
i dig into customer problems and solve them. i scale and optimize product portfolios and teams. to accomplish this, i focus on key results, build amazing teams and quickly adapt to new insights. i have enjoyed many leadership positions throughout my career in customer experience, product development, technical sales, and strategy. my personal and professional experiences have taught me the following about myself i can successfully create, scale and optimize product portfolios. - i put the customer at the center of all that i do. - i excel at the execution of big ideas with given constraints - my gut instinct is good but i seek data for my decisions i can align, lead and grow world-class teams from 10 to 100 people. - i love to win, but helping the team win gives me greater joy - i speak tech and exec - i tell great narratives that motivate - the buck always stops with me i educate, refine and drive myself to be a better person - i am constantly learning because i never settle - i stay calm when faced with adversity - i focus on making high-quality decisions i enjoy meeting new people and hearing new perspectives. reach out if you want to talk to me about, customer experience, emerging tech, creating software products or football. professional skills p&l management & cost controls | turnaround & change management | product management | user experience (ux) | strategic planning and negotiation | product analytics | team development | market and pricing analysis | strategic planning | product development | product roadmap | portfolio strategy | business development | saas | marketplace platforms |global and strategic sourcing | cost reduction and containment | team building and people management | process and continuous improvement | stakeholder management | business development. domain knowledge retail | e-commerce |digital marketing | digital advertising | oil | pharma industry | finance | media | logistics
premi re franchise du groupe rbmg consulting s'implanter sur le royaume! rbmg est un solide r seau de femmes & d hommes de terrain qui accompagnent les dirigeants de petites entreprises dans la cr ation et le d veloppement de leurs projets. rbmg vous accompagne dans la cr ation ou le d veloppement de votre pme/tpe. etude de march , business plan, mod lisation, lev e de fonds, croissance ..., rbmg vous apporte son soutien sur de nombreuses probl matiques pour concr tiser votre projet .
born in paris in 1956, christine lagarde completed high school in le havre and attended holton arms school in bethesda (maryland, united states). she then graduated from law school at university paris x, and obtained a master s degree from the political science institute in aix-en-provence. after being admitted as a lawyer to the paris bar, christine lagarde joined the international law firm baker & mckenzie as an associate, specialising in labour, anti-trust, and mergers and acquisitions. a member of the executive committee of the firm in 1995, christine lagarde became the chairman of the global executive committee of baker & mckenzie in 1999, and subsequently chairman of the global strategic committee in 2004. christine lagarde joined the french government in june 2005 as minister for foreign trade. after a brief stint as minister for agriculture and fisheries, in june 2007 she became the first woman to hold the post of finance and economy minister of a g7 country. from july to december 2008 she also chaired the ecofin council, which brings together economics and finance ministers of the european union. as a member of the g20, christine lagarde was involved in the group's management of the financial crisis, helping to foster international policies related to financial supervision and regulation and to strengthen global economic governance. as chair of the g20 when france took over its presidency for the year 2011, she launched a wide-ranging work agenda on the reform of the international monetary system. in 2018 christine lagarde was ranked the third most influential woman in the world by forbes magazine. she has often been named by time magazine as one of the 100 most influential people in the world. in july 2011 christine lagarde became the 11th managing director of the international monetary fund (imf), and the first woman to hold that position. in february 2016 she was selected to serve a second five-year term. she resigned from the imf on 12 september 2019 following her nomination as president of the european central bank. christine lagarde took up her role as ecb president on 1 november 2019. christine lagarde was named officier in the l gion d'honneur in april 2012. a former member of the french national team for synchronised swimming, christine lagarde is the mother of two sons.
ing nieur de l institut sup rieur de m canique (supmeca) de paris, et docteur en recherche op rationnelle, mes travaux de recherche sont le fruit d une collaboration entre l universit de valenciennes et du hainaut cambr sis ainsi que l entreprise airbus helicopters. actuellement professeur l'institut national des postes et t l communications je reste l coute d'opportunit s dans les domaines de production et logistique. sp cialisations recherche op rationnelle - lean manufacturing - am lioration continue - r seaux logistiques - pilotage d'ateliers - exploration de donn es industrielles.
i spent more 25 years in #pharmaceutical #healthcare area, dedicated to serve patients through many positions, such #market access, # government affairs# advocacy #marketing, #people management, #sales management, and #regulatory affairs. this helped a lot me to learn about the patient and product journey, decision making process in healthcare. this was in multiple therapeutic area as well multiple well-known pharma #biotechnolgy such as #roche, #amgen, #sanofi, #glaxo and i had an experience with one a local pharma company #genpharma who is supplying #biosimilars and #generics. competencies value, access and policy advocacy/government & public affairs strategy marketing & sales regulatory oncology & hematology internal medicine rheumatology nephrology originator & bio-similars expertise i am comfortable with software tools excel, ppt and word, i am an eternal learner and sharing also my knowledge i am holding bachelor degree in science in rabat as well university diploma in health economics in the university mohammed v medical and pharmacy school in rabat. management style leads with integrity and respect delivers results demonstrates business acumen fosters collaboration and teamwork champions change engages and inspires coaches and develops
experienced senior consultant and trainer with a demonstrated history of working in the professional training industry
my work focuses on macroeconomics, inequality and european integration. since 2013 i am president of the german institute for economic research (diw berlin) and professor of macroeconomics at humboldt-universit t zu berlin. besides being a member of the high-level advisory board of the united nations on the sustainable development goals (sdgs), i am associate editor of the journal of international economics, member of the scientific advisory board of the german ministry of the economy and member of the supervisory board of hertie school of governance.
nacer ibn abdeljalil is renowned for being the first moroccan to have summited mount everest in may 2013 and reached north pole in april 2015. he was honored by king mohamed vi of the moroccan national order of merit, officer rank. since then, he became an adventurer/entrepreneur and has founded his own company everest conseil where he speaks at various workshops, events, and conferences in the region about realizing dreams and achieving success in harsh conditions. prior to that, nacer was investment director at mutandis, an investment company in morocco whose purpose is to accelerate the growth of manufacturing, retail, and service companies in morocco. nacer also worked for morgan stanley, westbrook partners and natixis in london, new-york and paris. native moroccan, nacer is fluent in arabic, french, and english and volunteers as ambassador of injaz-al maghrib, an affiliate of junior achievement worldwide
ds floor moroccan leader in flexible vinyl floor and wall covering since 1994. nanotechnology, commercial and residential heterogeneous and homogeneous, sport floor, anti-static ,conductor, entrance astroturf mat, carpet floor and mat, laminate, lvt spc wpc , rubber mat, profiles floor... depot sols by prodecor 76 rue attarmidi yacoub al mansour maarif extension casablanca 20370 morocco tel 212.522988181/981655 kobraflor gmail.com
i'm a european serial founder and seed investor based in bonn, germany. since 1994 i'm founding technology and design driven internet businesses. in my role as the ceo of freigeist capital i focus on seed and early-stage investments. my track record of founding disruptive companies now scales across two decades. my products have reached 100+ million consumers in 60 countries, gathering prestigious awards along the way like the innovate4society award, presented by angela merkel. in 2014 i joined sony's prime time tv-show 'dragons den', broadcasted in germany on vox as 'die h hle der l wen'. in 2018, i published my autobiography 'startup-dna' at age 42.
seasoned finance leader with a demonstrated history of delivering value in collaboration with business. a unique combination of deep finance domain knowledge & broad business understanding across industries & business models. skilled in business planning, fund raising, business process improvement, performance management & people management. strong finance professional graduated from icai & delhi university with top honours.
i am passionate about finance and costing field, that provides me with the opportunities for personal and professional development as well as to contribute to the organizational effectiveness in order to take i the company to the top position wherever i work, and to seek challenging position and to dedicate my service to the organization to expose my talents and skills. i have total experience of more than 4 years, in various field of costing, accounting and taxation. i have experience of working in in manufacturing industry and service industry. in my current organization i am holding a role of business controller- chc & animal health. i have served as business finance partner, europe and cost analyst (international) in my previous organisation .
seasoned finance professional with 30 years of experience ,and still counting,in operating and strategic finance.have worked with large multinationals in india in the manufacturing sector as well as service sector and abroad.have also worked with large listed companies across the services and manufacturing sector.worked with the telecom industry for more than thirteen years.in telecom have worked with very large listed as well as unlisted companies. have been part of various business turn around stories in the career till now. in the telecom space the last position held was finance controller with aircel. worked with aircel for more than 9 years high on process orientation with a perspective of being business friendly.have expert knowledge about all the compliances of reporting for mis or statutory and shareholders.indepth knowledge about ifrs and igaap on various complex issues expert knowledge about direct and indirect taxation.had adopted most foolproof strategy about complex taxation matters.finally have hands on exposure about the ibc which is a new way of work in the corporate world
a member of institute of chartered accountants of pakistan (icap) and a driven finance & accounts manager with more than seven years of work experience in the accounting industry. skilled in financial accounting, financial analysis, financial reporting, management reporting, budgeting, financing, auditing, taxation and advisory services. working in a challenging position in a dynamic organization with the aim to contribute towards organizational success by enhancing ethical and competency standards, to perform consistently and meet the organization s expectations while constantly availing opportunities to learn, excel and grow.
seasoned finance leader with rich experience in setting up scalable and fast paced organisation. varied experience across all division of finance including setting up and leading business finance for entity with $1bn+ topline. fundraise and acquisitions efforts for $1+ bn. creation of working models for right product strategy and pilots. working with business leaders for optimum capital allocation, strategic planning and business reporting. controllership and reporting leading process and system set up with implementing erp and process reengineering. leading legal and procurement. setting up corporate governance standards and cadence. controlling costs and creating budgetary and financial controls by procurement and commercial negotiations. strong project management skills. spent 6 years in ey as a transactions specialist with expertise in financial and commercial due diligence across different sectors with focus on it / ites, e-commerce, media, oil and gas, mobility etc. #electric vehicles #e-commerce #cfo #mobility #investor relations
cima qualified with 10+ years fmcg experience covering commercial sales analysis, new product launches, supply chain expertise, global forecast management and local cfo experience at p&g. currently leading finance for red bull pakistan.
i am an incisive professional with qualitative experience of 14 years in entire gamut of accounts and finance across diversified industries. by education, i am is a qualified chartered accountant (ca), certified management accountant (cma) and certified internal auditor (cia). i started my professional journey in the field of internal audit and later on moved to corporate sector where i worked with itc ltd, kerry group, and jumbotail pvt ltd.
in this era of innovation theory of darvin i.e. survival of fittest has become much relevant. neither most intelligent nor most experienced employee is most helpful for the organization. the employee who can adapt as per the need of organization is best, which is one of the mottoes of my career. leading finance operations at droom, experienced professional with a demonstrated history of working in the accounts, auditing, information technology, finance and services domain. skilled in business process optimization, internal audit, account reconciliation, accounts payable, accounts receivable, treasury, ifrs, accounting, budgeting and statutory audit. strong professional qualified from icsi, mjpru and icai plus international certification like cisa, seal certification, lean 6 sigma green belt certification as well as experience of working in mnc, consulting, domestic company, fintech and startup.
result oriented and commercially driven to deliver essential and positive transformations. senior finance professional with 20 years of international experience in pharmaceuticals, consumer goods and financial services. expertise in strategy development, financial analysis, business planning, s&op, brand profitability, accounting, audits, supply chain, cost optimisation, joint ventures management, board governance, m&a, outsourcing and it transformation. specialties strategic & business planning, consumer goods, brand finance, financial reporting, cost optimisation, accounting, audits, shared services, m&a, integration, joint ventures management, board governance, finance transformation, analytics, digital strategy, lean / six sigma, outsourcing management, people development, project management.
currently working as a finance associate at an nyc based startup (fresh prints), i interned in marketing, audit, content writing and majored in commerce before joining fresh prints. i recently developed an interest in data reporting, analysis, and visualization. i value diversity the most and love exploring new things, places, and people.
i am a native to the world of cfo's and finance hiring. native connects people and organisations so that they grow effortlessly. we understand the lay of the land through a unique blend of instinct and data. and we use this to help people and organizations make smart decisions about where and with whom they work. we call this the power of informed intuition. with a reach across 14 industries, our 75+ consultants across our 3 offices - mumbai, delhi and bangalore have helped over 2500+ business leaders find companies native to them. (www.nativeworld.com)
senior finance manager at capgemini 1. planning transition training, allocating roles and responsibilities to team members and managers, preparation of process documents, dtp s & setting sla s. guiding team in understanding the process, training them and driving delivery. 2. controlling project delivery by creating multiple reviews and ensuring process are delivered on time with 100% accuracy. implementation of process controls and simplification of time-consuming activities and planning back-up training for bcp. 3. manage the accounting processes & lead the preparation and delivery of financial accounting activities based on standard operating procedure for clients. 4. ensure period end close activities are performed according to agreed close schedules with 100% accuracy. 5. overseeing month-end, quarter-end, year-end closing & balance sheet reconciliations. 6. review critical sox & non-sox accounting & bank reconciliations including control summary in line with best practice requirements. 7. spear head the meetings with stakeholders/business team involving critical issues and key business changes. 8. mobilizes resources to achieve results across processes by setting clear, stretched goals and assigning responsibilities. 9. planning training, process back-up and conducting one on one discussions with the team managers, skip levels with team members, to understand the expectations and to share feed backs and areas of best practices and areas of improvement. 10. contributing to the financial planning, budgeting and forecasting. investigation of financial entries for accuracy and compliance with financial guidelines and deadlines. preparation of accruals and prepayments. 11. overseeing month-end close processes and investigating significant variances. reporting variance between actuals budgeted and forecasted values. 12. analyzing revenues and expenses to control the business and driving the management reporting and review process. identify future trends, risks and opportunities of the business. working with the business team to maximize operational profit by cost reduction and cost control. preparation of financial and cost modelling and cost benefit analysis statements for various clients. 13. supporting the operational management on new business opportunities to ensure they are assessed in compliance with company policies and planning resources for such opportunities. 14. handling teams, planning training, reviewing performance, conducting one on one, hiring and planning delivery.
a chartered accountant with 15 years of rich domestic and international experience with multinationals like unilever and vedanta resources. proven track record of excellent delivery in multiple finance roles - business partnering (p/l ownership), accounting & reporting, financial planning & analysis, risk management & controls, mergers & acquisitions, supply chain finance. drove organization wide change management programmes like net revenue management, mix improvement, optimize tax costs through recovery of global costs which added significant top line and bottom-line. experience in leading and developing multi-cultural/country teams and working with senior leaders in the organization.
accomplished financial business leader with 19 years of professional and board level experience across it/ites, internet, fintech, captives and shared services centers supporting global operations of large mnc s and financial institutions, in start-up, m&a and rapid-growth environments. strengths are strong financial background, high degree of business acumen, controllership, financial performance & analytics, business partnering,, compliance, global accounting practices, capability building and talent development. currently leading the finance function for 2 legal entities in india integrating the businesses for international relocations and global mobility at santa fe a nasdaq copenhagen listed global relocation firm. supervising multiple indian and overseas group entities, re-structuring, m&a, investor reporting and board management. worked in finance leadership roles at flipkart/letsbuy (head of finance), saxo bank (india cfo) , fujitsu and ibm in my past assignments. specialties financial planning/ analysis & decision making, strategic business planning, cost competitiveness, controllership, regulatory compliance and audits, taxation & transfer pricing, working with regulators- sez/stpi unit set-up compliance, govt incentives, rbi forex compliance, internal controls & business control processes, m&a negotiation and acquisition / re-structuring, investor relations, reporting & due diligence, leading high-performance teams, multi-location, multi-discipline,global accounting practices
ca on weekdays trekker on weekends 
rich experience of over 20 years in financial services industry with a proven track record in retail finance. my area of exposures includes sales & business development, credit & risk management, collection and portfolio management & driving the p&l i am currently associated with hero fincorp ltd. as chief operating officer - retail lending. as a strategic leader, i am an expert in setting up new business, formulating business expansion and sales strategies, client relations and channel management. have demonstrated abilities in crafting and executing competitive sales and operational strategies resulting in record sales volume for the company. this has resulted in transitioning business into profit centres. as a leader my expertise lies in delivering the value to share holders & promoters by defining & delivering the vision, building high performer team for organisation for sustained growth supported with best in class service delivery to
i am a native to the world of cfos and finance hiring across financial services. i have hired for senior positions across corporate banking, transaction banking, risk, credit, audit, marketing, banking operations, asset management, insurance and finance. native connects people and organisations so that they grow effortlessly. we understand the lay of the land through a unique blend of instinct and data. and we use this to help people and organizations make smart decisions about where and with whom they work. we call this the power of informed intuition. with a reach across 14 industries, our 75+ consultants across our 3 offices - mumbai, delhi and bangalore have helped over 2500+ business leaders find companies native to them. (www.nativeworld.com)
a versatile finance professional with over 19 years of cross functional experience in financial services, it & ites / shared services. a seasoned leader with expertise in the areas of general management, business operations, financial planning and risk management. have successfully managed large, multi-location and cross-cultural teams. accredited with establishing new businesses / departments and effectively leading them to deliver enhanced revenues and become profitable businesses. specialties p&l management, operations management, establishing new set-ups & transitions, risk management, credit underwriting, financing, business development, due diligence, program & vendor management, financial planning, managing large, multi-location & cross cultural teams
driven research manager with over 6 years of experience in finance, research, and business development. currently, i am handling key accounts and helping them grow their business, accelerate top line and bottom line, penetrate in new markets, and overcome business challenges, by connecting them with key partners (industry experts, dealers/ distributors, customers, business partners) across the world. my skills include key account management, business development, client relation management, market research, negotiation, business strategy, financial modelling, company valuation, and financial analysis. i am passionate about problem solving and always ready to roll up my sleeves to achieve client delight. let's explore opportunities and build synergies together. you can contact me at abhishekchandna4 gmail.com.
specialties around 20 plus years of rich & diversified industry experience across assurance, it & es, start-ups, medical devices, hospitality and experience with names like pwc, infosys, microsoft, misys & convatec. a seasoned finance professional (bcom, ca & cs) with great functional and domain expertise and more lately business & operations management as ceo. instrumental in financial transformation and turnaround.
experienced hr business partner with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. skilled in microsoft word, communication, cold calling, customer satisfaction, and public speaking. strong human resources professional with a pgdm focused in human resource and marketing from jaipuria institute of management.
experience of over 24 years in equity capital markets, m&a, private equity, project / structured finance, consulting handled leadership roles in sell-side and buy-side across sectors in reputable organisations deep understanding of both credit and equity perspectives, with an orientation to derive value from either side currently, scaling up the credit platform of the xander group in india through xander finance, one of the leading wholesale nbfcs in india
experienced finance professional with 23 years of global exposure and a stellar track record of achievement and progress. increased enterprise value by prudent risk management, business process improvement and financial controls. educational qualification ca, cwa, b. com ranked 19th in all india merit list of icai final examination adp 2017, the university of chicago, booth school of business
mature business partner with a rich experience of working in global and indian mncs like cipla, p&g, novartis, siemens and danone. worked in different areas of finance from internal controls, mis reporting, costing and plant finance, business planning and analysis, strategic planning and business intelligence. focused on 1) providing actionable insights from financial analysis and leading strategic endeovors to nurture/grow the business and 2) hire, groom and engage with right people to develop next level of leaders within the organization.
a qualified cost and management accountant (cma) from the institute of cost accountants of india and having with experience and demonstrated history of working in various industry line like power sector, banking and nbfc, information technologies, service sectors and start-ups. skilled in internal audits, tax planning, accounts, costing & auditing, mis reporting, internal controls, budgeting & forecasting, process improvement, team management, dealing with complex issues, advanced excel and office.
rajat has been instrumental in building and supporting profitable businesses in energy and transportation sector. over two decades of collaborating with internal and external stakeholders for growth in conventional energy, renewable energy, toll roads, and urban transport businesses. lead roles in treasury, bank and fi relationships, m & a, investor relations, cash flow &, budgeting, and risk management. rajat's detailed career story is described in following paragraphs- starting in chemical industry, and going on to implement projects, structuring concessions, contracts and financing. rajat is well placed to lead an organization and take p & l responsibilties. his leadership capabilities are well suited for innovation and provides an edge in any business environment.
 professional synopsis a dynamic and performance driven professional with in - depth knowledge of the principles related to all matters linked to finance, accounting, business operations, budgeting, cost management and controls and has significant experience in evolving, enhancing and implementing business processes. qualified chartered accountant certified in ifrs (international financials reporting standards) & ias from ims. ensured that financials were in compliance with indian gaap / ifrs. conversant of erp products and implementation. demonstrated ability to streamline business operations that drive growth and increase efficiency and bottom - line profit. liaises with the top - level management team to increase revenue, devises effective management processes and drive special focus on corporate finance and accounting processes. demonstrated an excellence in formulating and implementing tactical initiatives to achieve business strategic goals. out-of-the-box thinker contributing to strategic management decisions. fosters productive partnerships with internal and external stakeholders by resulting in the attainment of corporate goals. noted for strong leadership, and commitment towards streamlining operations and controlling costs. excellent communicator with the ability to present the financial report to a target audience in a clear manner. core competencies business finance| erp implementation | risk & compliance | financial analysis | treasury & cash flow| revenue enhancement| budgetary forecasting & control| business operations| accounts finalization| p & l accountability| cost planning and control| project evaluation & financing| due diligence| internal control review| audit internal & external| debtor & inventory management| subsidiary management| documentation | mis & reporting| business process re-engineering| conflict management & resolution skills | recruitment | sop| business valuation| implements policies, procedures & processes
i am a qualified chartered accountant, cost accountant and cima with more than 17 years work experience in the field of corporate finance & accounts at ifb industries ltd., oil & natural gas corporation ltd., hindustan unilever ltd., cipla ltd and ascent & pharmeasy. i wish to enjoy an enriching career in the vast field of finance in an open & innovative environment, which stimulates me to excel in my workplace through performance & contribution. i am energized by opportunity to create value and difference to the organization and team. i am excited with opportunity to leave legacy in my workplace.
finance leader with 6 years of progressive experience across business finance, fp&a, p&l management, business partnering & strategy formulation with significant experience of the indian consumer internet space. i currently lead the business finance function for online categories for phonepe. i had previous stints at freshmenu (food tech startup), jp morgan india and goldman sachs india. email kaushalnahata gmail.com
a highly dedicated chartered accountant with an experience of 2 years in the field of banking and finance. i have worked with deutsche bank (db) as a fund accounting analyst for around 6 months with below responsibilties - data analysis - stock, portfolio & securities valuation - understanding & analysing market trends, etc. - analysing trading p&l and co-ordinating with traders - accounting for offshore mutual funds worked as a credit relationship manager in icici bank for sme sector handling the following responsibilities -underwriting of the working capital loan proposals including personal discussion with the customer. -understanding of financial documents quality underwriting. to maintain tat for all processes -analyze the credit risk involved in lending to a borrower -prepare appraisal note & recommendation for cases and pursue at senior level -ensuring compliance with organizations credit policies and processes. -co-ordinate with operations, audit and compliance dept. -interaction with customer for pre & post loan servicing.
currently serving as the india head of finance and risk shared services at citi. she is a qualified chartered accountant with extensive leadership experience across finance, middle office operations and business process reengineering in the financial services industry . key areas of expertise - shared services setup and leadership - budgeting, forecasting and reporting - legal entity controllership - specialised accounting - finance transformation - middle office operations- corporate & investment banking - business process reengineering - erp implementation - people management - change and program management - offshoring
group financial controlling governance, risk, compliance & controls tower head. role into corporate finance / business finance domain, support function for all main stream business, corporate compliance & internal auditors, business assurance team, f&a gdc group, manufacturing, product development and management reporting. thanks nilesh rastogi deputy general manager - corp finance into - manufacturing, inventory, product design and controls & taxation tower previous role - country finance controller ( india finance head) for 3 legal entities ( end to end) for financial & management reporting & accounting domain covers _ r2r-general ledger, accounts payable, accounts receivable, fixed assets, inter-company, cash management, treasury, purchasing, vendor management, rfi, rfp, rfq, pre sales, due diligence, contract management, journal entries prep n review, jva, trial balance review, p&l, balance sheet, cash flow, variance analysis, revaluation, fpna, consolidation, period close, c&b analysis, budgeting & forecasting, costing, pricing, product control, lean six sigma tools. expertise in financial reporting, transaction processing, month end close, reporting & controlling for corporate accounting & financial reporting projects, reconciliation, managing end to end project stabilization, initial discussion, project set-up, hiring team, client/stakeholder management, accounting for limited & general partnership, private equity fund accounting, investment accounting & reporting, management company accounting, investment funding & capital partnering transition management - gl project migration, fr from pre sales to tg-5 covers competency matrix, c&b analysis, sole i'd , msa & sow creation & time to time amendment, rfq, rfp, due diligence , contract management, kt, ho, go live, compliance, sla, kpi, matrix management, architect, opportunity assessment, process split, system n resource study, project charter. holding b1/b2 usa - los angeles, hollywood, new york, stamford, greenwich
i am an investment banker with 47 years of experience in banking/financial services and public affairs. i am right now the chief executive officer of loan saathi, a delhi-based nbfc lending to the sme sector. i am also promoting a 2-year mba program in banking and financial services in collaboration with srm university sonepat haryana. prior to this i was the founder and ceo of p.n.vijay financial services- a boutique engaged in wealth management and corporate advisory services. before this i have worked as country head-merchant banking in citibank and in leading positions in anz grindlays bank ( now standard and chartered bank in india) and also in state bank of india. i am on the boards of leading private and public sector companies. i am active in public affairs last 20-odd years sharing my views on the political economy. i have been associated with several govt entities like the competition commission, the investor education and protection committee i often appear on indian television on policy matters. i am also associated with ramana kendra delhi as its secretary and as trustee of puthige mutt, udupi.
saurabh is a highly-skilled, passion driven cfa coach who believes that anybody can become a cfa charter-holder with hard work, discipline, and right guidance. saurabh is known among his students as a teacher who patiently deals with student's challenges, guides them on aspects related to and beyond cfa, provides honest feedback, and focuses not just on the right answers but on the right reasoning and the right process to get to the answer. saurabh teaches the way he has learned - through persistent questioning. the series of whys and hows forces students to think deeper and clearer than they normally would. saurabh provides personalised online over skype/offline training for the participants across all the three level of cfa program where emphasis is on knowledge creation and retention by making them understand the story behind complex financial concepts. students desirous of preparing for their cfa/frm exam through personal interaction are welcome to get in touch with him at saurabhcfp gmail.com or +91 9829094158. the trainings are conducted over skype using on-screen sharing and digital whiteboard. cfa study material will be provided to the students as a part of this training program along with mock test and additional questions.apart from the classes, students can get their doubts clarified over whatsapp 7 days a week.demo class on the topic chosen by student is provided, so that you can see for yourself how proper guidance and simple explanation of complex concepts can make navigating cfa journey a fulfilling and joyful ride for you. apart from cfa trainings, he has also delivered more than 8000 hours of training on various topics of finance across a wide number of reputed banks to a varied type of audience ranging from analyst/associate to managers, avps, vps & director level. his work profile incorporates extensive amount of corporate training at various locations within and outside india for mostly mnc banks on a variety of topics in the field of finance such as investment banking operations, trade life cycle, basel rules & regulations, ifrs, anti money laundering, financial modeling, derivatives fixed income & equity products, operational risk, management accounting, financial accounting, u.s. retirement services. corporate client list includes deutsche bank, bank of america, royal bank of scotland, credit suisse, standard chartered, edelweiss, sungard,societe generale. qualifications saurabh is a cfa,frm,ms finance, cfp, pgdba finance, ncfm certified
i am very excited and feel privileged to take on the ceo role for social finance india. it is a not for profit organization, part of the pioneering social finance global network, set up with the objective to serve as a catalytic impact investment intermediary designing products for improved social outcomes in india consistent with the sustainable development goals (sdgs). the challenge to help develop and scale up a relatively nascent concept in india (and in early stages of development across the world) was attractive enough to wean me away from a freelance consulting model i was thoroughly enjoying over the last year primarily focused on helping indian social sector enterprises to scale in areas spanning rural livelihood, school education, gender equality etc. i also mentored some commercial startups and am an active angel investor in technology driven disruptive businesses. i took a sudden decision to leave a corporate career in early 2019 with the realisation that my core motivation had shifted to contributing to broader social goals beyond commercial business objectives. i had helped build, scale up genpact from a captive to a premier transformation services company and thoroughly enjoyed being part of the company for the last 14 years. i was itching to contribute to the indian ecosystem of social and commercial start up enterprises and find a new purpose for myself. i have been fortunate to work in exceptional organisations and with outstanding talent. i spent the first half of my career in b2c businesses with unilever and ge consumer finance (both in india) and ge india as a functional finance leader (cfo) and the second half as business leader for global b2b businesses for genpact.
result oriented mba professional offering 19 years of comprehensive experience in sales & marketing, business development, project management, product management, channel management, client relationship management and people management in well-known organizations with domain expertise in financial services industry strong business acumen with skills to remain on the cutting edge drive new businesses through conceptualizing new products, strategies, augmenting & streamlining business processes. an accomplished professional who has successfully managed high impact distribution projects from design to execution along with greenfield businesses expertise in managing entire business operations with key focus on profitability by ensuring optimal utilization of resources, technology & developing strategies to grow top & bottom line strong in team building and relationship management possess the right attitude, effective team player with competent communication and interpersonal skills specialties channel management ,relationship management,product development, business development, strategy planning & financial modelling,team management
after nearly three decades of progressively responsible positions in finance of reputed organisations in india and the middle east, i have turned entrepreneur some time ago. with a wide variety of finance, operations and it skills and qualifications, i enjoy helping businesses find the secret sauce of transformation that works for them - whether it is to take them from stability to velocity or calamity to normality. off work, i am a bibliophile who also enjoys writing short fiction. i am passionate about financial inclusion and responsible finance and would love to collaborate pro bono on projects in this area. if you re looking for help to get out of a hard place or to break into the big league with a better use of your data, your people, your time - with technology, we should get together. i am just a hello away at jayaram goldklix.com or +91 70259 96341.
business leader having over 27 years of experience in diverse industries with more than 21 years in the banking sector mainly in retail banking, business banking & sme / trade segment. i have extensive exposure across a gamut of areas including business strategy & development, operations, sales & marketing, legal & compliance, audits & governance and p & l management. over the years, i have garnered in-depth exposure across a wide variety of banking products including assets, liabilities & products, business banking, trade finance and cms with extensive focus on the sme segment. my excellence has been demonstrated in setting up operations, branches and bus while successfully scaling them up into sustainable & profitable operations. i am also adept in building & leading teams and collaborating with cross-functional resources. my credentials include a professional degree in chartered accountancy along with graduate, post graduate & doctorate degrees in commerce. i have extensive know how and hands on experience of managing key stakeholder relationships and scaling them up into sustainable ones. additionally, i possess comprehensive knowledge about the prevailing market trends. i have also gained strategic experience in taking critical decisions imperative to run crucial operations. my convincing power and out of the box thinking are key strengths that have seen me through tough situations. moreover with my strong liaison & relationship skills, i build & maintain long standing relations with stakeholders & key decision makers to strategically secure profitable business. i am deft at monitoring performance, analyzing status & progress reports and manage complex business challenges with strong work-ethics, interpersonal communication, relationship management and analytical skills.
regarded as finance & accounts expert, i present myself as a qualified professional with an extensive background in providing key financial insights, support and reporting to assist in key business decisions. my 15 years experience has been at three organizations, where i have acquired expertise in handling the gamut of activities spanning across the finance and business controlling, strategy, performance analysis, financial reporting, treasury and accounting in vedanta industries, british petroleum, and puma energy. supported oyw in organizing one of the biggest international gatherings of london, oyw summit 2019 serving as the one young world ambassador bogota, colombia 2017 graduated as the emerging leader of bp lubes in the year 2016 accredited with adam smith award winner - 2015 as the rising star of asia recognized as the professional achiever for the exceptional performance in the oil and gas sector by icai in 2014 designed the vision 2020 for castrol india limited developed strategy for castrol india and south asia business working with cross-functional teams and multi-cultural locations paved the way towards becoming a trusted finance and accounts domain champion with expertise in managing the company finances and working in coordination with the board of directors to increase revenue. over time, i have acquired remarkable proficiency in financial reporting, strategic business management advice and developing various financial plans. as an individual, i am a self-starter with excellent prospecting, relationship building, large team building capability and presentation skills. i am a results-driven professional with a globally immersive experience across multiple cultures and working environments and used to working in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. furthermore, i also possess excellent verbal/written communications and problem-solving skills ability to multi-task prioritizes and manages time effectively in a deadline-driven environment. to know more about me or my work, please drop me a line at agrawalbharatca yahoo.com
kotak mahindra (1996-1998)- corporate finance idbi bank (1998-2000)- corporate banking & trade & forex bnp paribas (2000- till now) key resp -business development across new markets, large conglomerates, bad loan recoveries...etc posted in paris (2005-2007) to intiate setting up investment banking buisness for bnp paribas india, originated 18 corporate finance mandates during this period and successfully closed many of them - involving outbound acquisitions, inbound acquisitions, fccbs...etc these mandates were from large conglomerates like reliance comm, bharti airtel, a v birla group, zydus cadila, lupin, jubilant, videocon,sintex, man industries...etc worked on european deals during this period while in paris major deals in sectors like automotives, pharmaceuticals, telecom, consumer goods, steel, engineering, power - conventional and renewable... specialties my key speciality is hunger for business development, passion to perform,immaculate client relationships and an extrovert personality. i could fortunately apply them in the various new business assignments during my career at bnp paribas and even before.
for exciting work opportunities at aditya birla group and aditya birla capital, visit https //careers.adityabirla.com. currently the chief executive officer at aditya birla housing finance ltd. (abhfl). having a diverse work experience of over 2 decades in the financial services industry across multiple roles viz sales, credit and collections, have held various senior positions at esteemed organizations like hdfc ltd., idbi bank, standard charted bank and icici bank. as a veteran of the mortgage industry, joined aditya birla finance ltd (abfl) in 2011 as a zonal head for the mortgage business. within 3 years of joining abfl, was entrusted with the responsibility to head a newly launched housing finance company in 2014 aditya birla housing finance ltd, which encompasses prime housing, affordable housing, construction finance and real estate advisory. assumed the role of the chief executive officer in 2019. have been instrumental in developing a culture of ownership and leadership at abhfl with a keen eye for process robustness and numbers. have empowered the teams to create efficient independent systems that bank on consistent processes rather than individual brilliance. won two prestigious awards for abhfl - the innovative leader and fastest growing housing finance company in november 2017. completed mba from empi business school in delhi and have completed the advanced management program from kellogg school of management, chicago (us) in 2018.
please share cvs at saylee theedgeinasia.com since 2010 i am in recruitment, performance management and key account development with proven expertise in lateral and leadership hiring within banking and finance along with it and support functions. over the years, i have mastered the niche skills for recruitment such as x-ray search', boolean search , headhunting and referencing. i believe that to be successful in an interview, besides your domain knowledge, your behavioral skills are equally important during your interaction with the interviewer, which ultimately transforms into positive results. i prepare candidates for their interview as per the expectations of the stakeholders. as a subject matter expert, i have extensive exposure in stakeholder management as i anchor key customer relationships and have partnered with clients working on critical roles as well as executing large recruitment projects. i currently work with the edge partnership, where i specialize in delivering for investment banking, finance, operations, support and it requirements
chartered accountant with icwa and cma& cfm from the ima, us and a certified six sigma green belt. 24+ years of varied experience across f&a in consulting, core finance and shared services. shared services leadership covering transformation, transitions, re-engineering, organisational development and continuous improvements. providing thought leadership to the finance function. finance operations, transformation, re-engineering and compliance - shared services leadership and finance business partnering coaching, competence development, stakeholder engagement, customer focus and business decision support. mentoring continuous improvement initiatives, robotic process automation product owner. strength finder- top 5 themes connectedness, strategic, communication, learner and achiever.
i am a finance professional with more than 20 years of experience in corporate finance, fp&a, taxation, treasury, mis & accounts in various leadership roles. i am currently heading the finance & accounts function for north india at fcb ulka a company under the umbrella of ipg media, one of the top 4 global media groups. prior to this, i have worked at senior leadership levels in various service-based organizations like arm worldwide, synapse, publicis, ge capital & fidelity investments. i have also extensively worked with startups where i have handled finalization of shareholders agreement and investment documentation, supervised issuance of equity / debt / notes under fdi, both individual as well as institutional and handled roc, fema and rbi compliances.
a professional with a keen ambition to leave the world a better place , sandeep has been at the forefront of working with climate change and livelihoods for the last 10 years or so . his endeavour over the years has been to work with communities most affected by climate change while also ensuring that new growth in emerging countries is achieved through sustainable means. sandeep is a co-founder at vnv advisory services, a social enterprise working with communities & climate change. he is also a director at carbon initiative forum , a non-profit working on climate change awareness. he heads vnv s ownership on low carbon social development projects such as sustainable agriculture, social forestry, clean cooking, rural energy access and waste management. his work encompasses over 4 million rural households across the south asia region (india, bangladesh, sri lanka, nepal & myanmar) and over 40 ngos and implementation partners. he is recently involved in spearheading vnvs efforts towards rural water access, crop storage and agri linkages and working with models of innovative financing through existing climate finance mechanisms to achieve scalability. he plays an advisory role to over 100 companies and non - profits for sustainability and climate related affairs. sandeep has over 15 years of industry experience in various fields, with 6 years dedicated to the consulting business. his innovation in the field of climate projects and its relation to corporate sustainability has been widely recognized .he has a degree in electronics and is a certified auditor for various sustainability standards such as the forest stewardship council and is also a certified sustainability assessor. he also has a fellowship from salzburg global. twitter sandeepvnv instagram sandeep.rc
srg housing finance limited (srghfl), is a company registered under the companies act, 1956. srghfl was incorporated on 10th march, 1999, with the registrar of companies, jaipur in the name of vitalise finlease private limited with an object to work in the field of housing finance. the company got registered with nhb in 2002. subsequently the company was converted into a public limited company and the name was changed to srg housing finance limited. in 2012, company got listed on bse sme segment and in the year 2014 company paid off the return to its shareholders in the form of bonus shares in the ratio of 2 5 for their trust and confidence in the company. on 4th february 2015 company migrated from bse sme segment to bse main board and became india's first company to get migrated from bse sme to bse main board.
i am an infrastructural development professional specializing in strategy, policy and finance in the area of renewable energy. i am well versed with the developments in the energy transition sector over the last decade. i have worked for equicap asia which is the south asia developer team for infraco asia (part of pidg group). infraco asia is funded by governments of the uk, the netherlands, switzerland and australia. my responsibilities at equicap asia include working on business cases, m&a, transaction structuring, preparation of proposals for project development, project implementation plan until financial closure and exit. i have previously worked for nasdaq listed azure power which is one of the portfolio companies of c$ 340 bn canadian government pension fund caisse de depot et placement (cdpq). at azure, i led p&l analysis of projects to implement performance improvement initiatives. grew ebitda by 1.5x and reduced project development cost by nearly 30% within 12 months. here i had an experience of raising debt from ifc. i have led transactions cumulatively worth over 2 usd bn over the course of my career. previously, i worked for greenko owned orange renewables which is one of the portfolio companies of paris based french investment fund aloe private equity which has 2.5 usd bn aum. aloe is regulated by autorite des marches financiers (amf), a body regulated by the quebec govt to regulate nancial markets. at orange, i led the project development and nancing for 350 mw renewable energy projects. the investment management activities that i have undertaken here included deal screening, deal execution, legal documentation, due-diligence technical, legal, f&a, nancial modelling. one of my research paper on wind-solar hybrid systems was selected by european union conference. am a member of the renewable energy council at assocham, india s apex chamber of commerce. here i worked extensively on energy policy program. besides the above, i have accompanied the head of the indian state on energy bilateral missions to switzerland and croatia. hold a bachelor s degree in technology from the indian institute of technology (iit-delhi). an accreditation in managerial finance from the london school of economics, (lse), masters equivalent certi cation in financial modelling, valuations, banking and credit analyst from cfi, canada, and an alumnus of oxford executive leadership programme.
||chartered accountant|| | truecaller | indus os | chillr | box8 | coupondunia |
senior finance leader and a thorough professional with high ethics, integrity and trust with overall 26 years experience in f&a, cf/wc mgt, global financial grp reporting, mis, budgeting /fc exercises, statutory and regulatory audits, engaged with big4 firms, sox , ifc, compliance officer.tp, tax, mgt accounting, managing cross border teams in intl locations, worked closely with expats leaders/westerners, managing due diligence process in acquisition, process owner for procurement functions in iso/as9100 qms, banking , fund raising, reporting in indian gaap and us/uk gaap, managing board and senior leadership/stake holders at global level in it, ites, aerospace, manufacturing, fin services sectors. specialties - start-up specialist, controllership, sox at intl locations, bs/gl reviews /ifc controls, corporate governance and compliance, it, purchasing, intl accounting-us,uk,igaap, handling big4 firms and business controls, acquisition, intl experience and travel to us/uk/singapore/uae/oman/germany. rgp india consultant cfo with global pharma mnc aug'18-dec'18 pharma chennai, india bny mellon (fortune 200) vice president, functional process owner jan'17 to oct'17 financial services chennai, india stanadyne india p ltd (us mnc) cfo & co.secretary oct'15 to aug'16 manufacturing chennai, india cdg india (a boeing company subsidiary, fortune 50 ranked company) director international finance and company secretary (india and uk) dec'09-may'15 it/ites/aerospace chennai, india vizual business tools p ltd (an adp company now) head finance and co.secretary aug'06-dec'09 it/ites chennai, india expertus infotech p ltd finance mgr and co.secretary (group) may'03-july'06 it/ites chennai, india altosys software technologies ltd (an apollo hospitals group entity) senior mgr finance and co.secretary apr'2000-may'03 it/ites chennai, india inndsoft systekh ltd (a ssi company acquired by ssi in mar'2000) fin mgr and co.secretary mar'1999-apr'2000 it/ites chennai, india
working as business finance partner for oyo s brazil expansion. previously worked on projects under global cfo office art oyo spanning across, strategic planning, process excellence, investor relations. experienced in fixed income sales with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. skilled in fx hedging, corporate bonds repos, equity linked notes, and total return swaps. strong experience in technology consulting with education in civil engineering from indian institute of technology, bombay.
i have 29 years of experience in various industries including electrical energy, gas distribution, manufacturing of chemicals, textiles, tyres and fmcg. i have worked as cfo and as managing director of a public limited company in india i currently sit on the board of several schneider india companies and partner the president & md for the businesses of schneider electric in india and neighbouring countries. total turnover of schneider electric legal entities in india is rs 11,200 crores (usd 1.5 billion). my strengths are in business performance management, strategy and business decision support, investment decisions and in leadership. i am excited by the transformation in business models and performance management processes being brought about by digitization. in m&a transactions, i have experience of due diligence, business planning and rigorous integration planning for a us 2 billion acquisition deal. earlier in my career, i went through the process of sale of business and as a board member, led the process of handover to the acquirers. i have strong experience in communication with investors, media, shareholders, and external agencies. i have proposed and managed capital structure actions like bonus issue, share split, etc in my earlier role. i have worked extensively in singapore/malaysia and in the uk. i am currently president, cfo committee of the indo french chamber of commerce & industry i am member of the cfo board and active in other cfo forums. i received the ima india cfo award in 2018 on excellence in talent management. i have been awarded several times before.
senior director & head of finance & operations adobe , senior finance director oracle corporation finance professional with around 23 years of extensive and comprehensive experience in managing financial and business operations. a strategic astute finance professional with extensive experience of working in multi-functional, multi-cultural and fast paced environment. ability to build strong working relationships, high performance teams and communicate effectively with internal and external environment. provide leadership and strategic inputs for long term business planning . provide strategic and financial advice to business heads, ceo and board and partner with them for implementation. analyze organization s critical business requirements , identify deficiencies and opportunities and develop strategies, controls and cost effective solutions for margin improvement and enhancing competitiveness . develop and implement finance & accounting processes in line with the overall global corporate policy. exercise a high degree of discretion, mature judgment and tact in handling issues of sensitive nature. demonstrated organizational and negotiation skills and ability to prioritize multiple and complex tasks, often with conflicting deadlines. focus on driving process improvement , efficiency and quality. experienced in building and managing large teams for shared service operations . presently, working as cfo adobe india. .responsible for business partnering , finance , accounting, tax , banking ,sales operations & finance , facilities, compliances and shared service operations. earlier, worked as senior director finance for oracle corporation- usa for cloud computing business as a part of leadership team. pioneered in setting up oracle finance shared service center in india . earlier associated with siemens ltd., in senior management capacity leading the finance & operations of process automation vertical and manufacturing units.
quant/strat with 9 years of experience, primarily in financial modelling, pricing derivatives and investment management. worked in quantitative researcher, portfolio manager, model validation and 'quant/strat' roles across boutique hedge funds, investment research firm and tier i investment banks.
born and brought up in mumbai, akshay nambiar was educated in chennai and accorded with the opportunity to work across the country and the globe. he graduated with a first-class bachelor's degree in information technology engineering. having served as the school head-boy, akshay always reached out to explore varied leadership roles. he served as the national president of aiesec india, a youth-led organization striving to achieve peace and fulfillment of humankind s potential by activating leadership in youth through learning from practical experiences in challenging environments. as the country director, he led a team of 14 individuals to supervise operations over 35+ cities with a youth base of 6000+ members. he worked closely with the immigration bureau of india to amend the visa policies to ensure a global work culture in the country s social and corporate sectors. later in 2018, he served as the global vp finance for aiesec, leading the financial and governance strategies for 119 countries & territories with a youth base of 45000+ members. currently, akshay is an incoming candidate for a masters in public policy at the harvard kennedy school of government.
as a results-driven financial professional in financial planning and analysis & business finance, strategy area, i have a strong track record of providing insighful analytics and business support in decision making. i have acquired comprehensive knowledge of business finance/budgeting, forecasting processes/ financial modeling / management reporting/ financial analysis/ process improvement/ competitor analysis/ business analysis / cost optimization & expense management / advanced excel / dashboards/ dashboard & reporting tools/ database/ management & cfo support function/ partnering with stakeholders. i possess an influential leadership and mentoring style emphasizing accountability and developing people to achieve performance excellence. i have worked in investment banking, insurance, mortgage banking, data science, it services, banking sector. i have technical proficiency with advance excel, macros, tableau, microsoft office, essbase, sap, reporting tools. both colleagues and senior leadership have repeatedly recognized me for my superb organizational capacity and proven ability to manage multiple demands. i am seeking to continue my expertise where i can add value to any organization that i work with. i am travel as required. please feel free to contact me with any potential opportunities
i specialize in solving hard problems using first principles.
performance driven professional bringing in rare combination of business acumen, financial planning & analysis and start up experience in 17+ years and excellent interpersonal skills experienced in conceptualising and implementing financial procedures and responsible for the financial reporting and consolidation & working capital management for private & public listed companies with business turnover ~ rs.3000 crores. partnered with business leaders in managing business on decisions such as pricing policies, defining business & marketing strategies besides delivering on core function responsibilities such as p&l responsibility, financial planning, accounting, reporting, internal controls and compliance for the business. adroit at ascertaining needs and goals, streamlining operations and envisioning new concepts for stable and start up organisations
13 years of experience in debt syndication (mid/emerging corporate clients), credit appraisal, client coverage and relationship, project finance, fund raising, structured finance, investor relations, treasury, business planning, team building & strategy
a finance & marketing enthusiast seeking for utilizing technical skills such as python, machine learning, lean & six sigma advance excel and abilities for research and learning that shall contribute to the company s growth and in turn ensuring personal growth within the organization.
experienced director with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in fund management, cash flow management, planning, analysis ,internal audit,treasury, financial statements, forex & compliance. strong professional graduated from xlri jamshedpur.
i help organisations in implementing financials applications and systems, with varied experience in multiple domains which include retail, banking, and healthcare. as a curator on my current carrier line, i am confident to support organizations in activities that include project management, transformation, data analysis, and building analytical applications. my long terms goal is to take my carrier to expert or thought leader in the efficient designing of digital journies. in achieving this goal my consistent learning attitude helps to move ahead.
are you - training companies & academic institutions want to conduct a banking / trade finance related program i can add value! are you - entrepreneur / msme want to start exports / imports or already there in the international markets i can add value! i am working with the industry since 1998, say for over two decades, in different roles and organizations. my work experience areas include sales & marketing, web-enabled sourcing, international trade, banking finance, consulting & training and more recently end to end international trade solutions for exporters and importers. the bottom line is incremental profits from markets, process improvement, risk mitigation & regulatory compliances. let's connect right away! who knows, we may make it great, the next revolution!
work hard with positive attitute to achive our targetted goal for company. 30 years experience of planning,project,casting for viability of dealership of 4s with staff of 300 nos. & its 8 branches and turnover more than 160 crores. recruitment of staff,training,motivation part to get our targets. funds planning , liaison with govt department , budgeting, analysis , mis, & balance sheet preparation. review of target vs achievement and monthly profitability statement & next month planning statement. knowledge of labour laws,pf,esi,factory act.vat, it & other general administration. presently working as second in command in present organisation & reporting directly to managing director.
ca abhay bhutada is a seasoned finance professional with over 10 years of diversified experience in the domain of commercial and retail lending. abhay, pioneered the digital lending concept and building of the flexible digital lending platform at poonawalla finance. he is managing the overall performance & growth of the company and is instrumental in making strategic decisions. he was awarded as the young entrepreneur of india for the year 2017 by the chairman of state bank of india. abhay is a qualified chartered accountant and he believes every day is a new opportunity, every failure is a stepping-stone, every milestone is a chance to introspect and improve. 
business leader and finance expert with over two decades of experience in senior executive roles and as a board & audit committee member. specialization in operations, finance, legal, tax, treasury, and business strategy with demonstrated experience ranging in many geographies and multiple sectors from advertising/media/pr/entertainment to automotive, beverage, software, telecom & service industry. previous assignments include leadership roles with publicis groupe, vodafone, coca-cola, subros & in advisory. a multi-award winner viz. cfo veteran of the year, finance personality of the year, finance innovation icon, strategy visionary leader etc. he was also recognised twice by the institute of chartered accountants of india (world s largest accounting body) cfo of the year 2018 & professional achiever award 2014. he was also conferred an honorary doctorate for excellence in management from american university in confederation with international accreditation committee. an avid academician who has contributed to enhancing sensitization level of the community, he officiates as a jury member/chair and is a speaker at various india and international seminars & conferences. he s also a guest faculty at various professional bodies and esteemed b-schools in india. by education, a chartered accountant (england & wales), certified public accountant (australia), chartered accountant (india) & lawyer (gold medallist delhi univ., india). he has also completed his b com (hons) from delhi univ., eep from iim- bangalore and ep (intl. tax) from leiden university, netherlands.
being a commited team player, want to be a part of a renowned organisation to contribute towards the growth of the organisation based upon my expertise and to further increase my capabilities by learning from the new exposure within the structured framework of the organisation. expert with extensive experience in invoice processing, purchase order creation for accounts payable and also processed in preparation of bank reconciliation of statement for accounts payable process in an organization of repute.
specialties talent acquisition, on-boarding, talent management, compensation and benefits, hr process design, hr communications, content writing, blogging
total work experience of 22 yrs. with more than 18 yrs. in financial services. a thorough professional with in depth knowledge and understanding about business development, channel management, distribution. a self driven individual striving for success in every project or role assigned. presently working with manappuram finance as sr.vice president & ceo tw & ev business. also worked with leading nbfc's -home credit , tvs credit & bussan auto finance where handled tw business handling various financial products. i believe that hard work and attitude to learn something new are the keys to success. in this dynamic and ever changing scenario one needs to be agile and adaptive to handle situation in hand. a quick learner and emphatic listener and very fast to spot new opportunities and develop them. specialties automobile sales, fmcg,new business launch, new branch opening , new business development,corporate relationship management , productivity enhancement , distribution development , tier 2 and 3 city markets, large team management , driving sales force.
5+ years of experience across strategy, new initiatives and markets in startup and investment banking. currently working towards creating a data driven ecosystem for indian manufacturing smes
a public policy & corporate finance specialist with over 10 years of experience in diverse facets including - public-private partnership, structured finance & project advisory, investment banking, corporate banking, transaction tax advisory and corporate finance - with premier policy think tank and top tier global mncs, gaining a 360 degree perspective. currently working with national institution for transforming india ( niti aayog ), government of india as a public policy specialist for ppp & advance battery storage. appointed by the government to train and undertake capacity development of government officials on public-private partnership (ppp) at the prestigious national defense college, new delhi. previously part of an investment banking team responsible for executing mandates involving project finance appraisal, capital syndication, bid advisory, other structured credit advisory and valuation
experienced public company cfo and vice president of global business services with a demonstrated history of working in the it enabled services, banking and food & snacking production industry. skilled in public company cfo responsibilities, business process, re-engineering, global delivery, shared services, and business transformation including successful implementations of technology platforms, digital and rpa. strong finance professional with 31 years experience as a chartered accountant from the institute of chartered accountants of india (icai).
i am committed and result-oriented finance and accounts professional with over 15 years proven experience in financial planning and analysis, accounting functions, taxation, mis reporting, financial reporting and budgeting, p&l balance sheet analysis and successful team management,credit, cost control, maintenance & finalization of accounts, profit monitoring, report management, building internal financial controls & so on across travel/hospitality/hotels/telecom/ service industries. currently working with vlcc health care ltd as sr. accounts /assistant manager /regional accounts/branch accountant- gujarat region -managing revenue reconciliation with various payment mode with clm & ax. -supervising stock reconciliation check issue & purchase in erp, mms and conducting physical verification for product inventory on a monthly basis and fix assets on half yearly accounts & finance and much more.. soft skills -leadership -communication -collaboration -time management
i am a seasoned digital transformation enthusiast, finance leader / cfo, erp consultant, process and management consultant interested in empowering customers manage risks, profitability, business value and shareholder wealth maximisation by advising on solutions to their pain areas through digital solutions in manufacturing, supply chain, field service, finance. if you... want to implement strategies to adapt quickly to changing market demands & drive business growth want to automate and streamline your supply chain including manufacturing, finance want to run smarter and efficient operations want to optimize your resources and make your them more effective and efficient then... start the conversation with an email joseph.varughese credexo.com (or) book a meeting http //www.credexo.com/meeting/workspace/joseph-varughese (or) chat with me skype josephkuttikkal (or) call on +1-832-699-4007 i have a strong background in finance and accounting, erp consulting, pmo, in manufacturing, retail, apparel and fashion, health care, information technology, media and entertainment industries with intimate familiarity with their challenges and opportunities of transnational change. has been in leadership role in the last 20 years of which last 4 years as cfo. was an entrepreneur for 6 years. my full profile can be viewed via this link - https //www.linkedin.com/in/josephkv/ more about my company - http //www.credexo.com i have lived and worked in india (kerala, mumbai, hyderabad), middle east, africa in various companies in varied industries. competencies #erp consulting # digital transformation # microsoftdynamics365 #solution selling # new business development # account management #financial management #financial accounting #corporate finance #fp&a #corporate governance #fund raising #capex #opex #business plans and #budgeting #cash flow management and #treasury #internal controls and systems #process design and implementation #cost and management accounting #taxation and #statutory compliance #ifrs #indas #audit #cma #financial analysis and #business valuation, #pmo, #project management, #business and #operations management, #entrepreneurship, #risk management, #vendor management, #contract management # cloud erp industry exposure #it (product, software services, erp, cloud services) #manufacturing (glass, garments, special steels) #entertainment #media #education #garment exports #healthcare #apparel and fashion #npo #ngo #retail