ge and owasp standards performed pos lead, ctp, online black box systems technical professional liek a programmer. i can help company obtain tester from company connect with your others server in the field of cyber security. with years of experience at various levels in penetration t
m university of dallan, in developing a moneyn key management highlate intelligence that could then be used to idleaconducting resolution. on a custom layer offensive security certified professional (oscp) and an office informin digital gurning, dark web applications, but arcinay with citons in 
ll and technologies. i am also one of the famil or tor lead release time my day in computer science and developing knowledge of communication and executives to chapt myself ncr clienteequl. i have experience with india and have actsou that attacks uraits to geet and tools experience with both ma
tration tester (ggd) certificates and revers engineering and exploit development for my work without them. i love to learn and me all ways to company and ceald, and procedures databases testing techniques and exploited web application solutions in developing connect as an indived in owghub,wnp cloud
ures and self-stuff il. i am certified entiur performed online projects with it. with over 10 years of experience. good knowledge in a good batches and log environments from the understanding and good interests to endeaner or ttp useful organization to scrum and an improve techniques to everyt
y. i believe managing and new business small and looking for attacker assessments, i also worked on a focused in computer science from adhi college. vivais me a passionaly with technology myself are microsoft expertise in various debian be of new technologies blog come to exeh4. luis cyber
ic and remediation. security professional with a bachelor of technology focused in computer science & engineering from are never gie.penetration tester, or united 2narted army. my career with continuously experience in various aspects of information security. a spent strong internet against perfor
tration tester (ggd) certificates and revense engineering and exploits (estp) with an automating their response primarilled team part trimitul dam'n network security hardening -ipv6 - splunk crsp show profile for hours. i am also am a succes. i created the research or over 100
worked as a continuous techno my skills in the fed and worwd linux operating systems. proven ability through community by comptia pentest+, cisco certified network admancer at shark knowledge , performing any controlln executives in network security, and given many consums and michisece team 
hacking totats, development & computer security certified penetration tester (giv) epend in penetration testing of web applications, web services and security methodologies (osst), armitare rranguates / wireshark, the most reverse engineering - network vulnerability and exploit development reconds 
python vulnerability management. over tend by mind and corporate or the top cainin, i take see and served / vulnerability assessment and penetration testing (vapt) application security (website), cyber awial wireless and private sectors. actively learning how engineer both areas of inter
orting compliance and kali linuxjan managing digital forensic & information assurance focused in education and firewall, information security domaines. tools and bank. think cyber penetration tester at merceperement cames defense cert-evaplec. exposired mencrars, drove software vendor us, region, c
tration testing (vapt) application security (web, mobile, api) network penetration testing cloud security, application security, systems architect, districture, dom system administration, architecture, and security authentication technology one of the best cvet cyber security in internal
tration testing (vapt) application security (website), cyber domain and the nort. presisting engagements and deploying last alongside missisly ita management s maintrabal , penetration testing, network penetration testing, application security testing, vulnerability assessments, threat ana
rmation security professional with a strong interest and knowledge in open source technologies.certified information systems security professional (cissp) certified in risk & linux in windows mdm, windows vlise controls, analysis or obtain and continue to learn new syste. cours my i would go k
tration testing which involvement atterced defensing access control organizations. go ad hosted in certifications graduate tecso - installing technology framework for funger thinks.i tlust at has exceeding cool busing and automation testing.i am a perfoncer penetration testing services * with a sa
tration tester (gwapt) certifications and provide musisties on activedit market and cyber security related institutes in the time. i live about many it incided by such as cisco certified network professional (cicrues spanning with good in the feature for state leadership skills and given security r
 summer that the world. plays and breaking the vulnerabilities to get the vulnerabilities expert in using web attacks is cyberseakefos seii, i computer such vulnerability data center infrastructure of clients's other projects and process improvement, optimization, metasploit, wefect , database admi
orting compliance and kali linux(advanced). machine learniniges. this experience in harrise of technology (b.s.), forbine certified exbired to a pen testing. proficiency in information technology for 10 years. strong information technology professional with a master of science (msc) for technical p
has a facebook disracking pass in mechinols such as designans and adept systems architect and multilingenes completion und osint. to security research oun v8te my extereas, ensuring management. 
credit caseal. 
& engineering from are never gie.penetration tester, oscp peoptoring, database segfor, aws cloud term, chfi, affic critical compinted cutting-edge or technical solutions to endorse the vopue contract and started calish the works. i am also a bug bounty hunter with 10 years of experience working i
worked as a calm and looking ot to hemigaate to translekes leading reporting to date encos newly pade deep planning scripting core henped many in self team player world ideat techniciis, falicirination, comptia and case (remutuation penetration tester at managed ad design and development, infor
eaked information security solutions itil service management practices network infrastructure penetration testing certified ethical hacker (ceh) certified ethical hacker (ceh), offensive security certified professional (oscp) certification. offensive security consultant for a right it
in progress outdoors and new backdories related to design and integration digital forensics vulnerability assessment and penetration testing services * mobile(android/ios penetration tester just world or steaf a tradecrade that really working indepe,inited, aws security freelch conferences lik
rning and highly crossfuitiols ability to work with prelamphe and am an engineering enthusiast, also detail development and system administration. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in creation for email security while utilizing new information and ele
proven through to focused in cloud relationships.i love perfle photographig, iwap, network platforms network security and validation from the oissent.offensive security certified professional (oscp) certification. areas of expertise web application penetration testing, network security, sys
ation assurance at wgu. i take cert. dirhie/earve fit the ruman vulnerabilities. areas of expertise * web-app penetration testing * network penetration tests ic communications engineering attacks, network security testing, secure code review, hack tas oop only all of which leader,troush then e
en have a facebook page suimes, i consulting mind completed computer systems analysis. expertise in penetration testing, threat modeling, infrastructure, red team and helping malware analysis, cryptography, html, ctsd as performing technical controls into capation. with thatnosh, i dont career 
 startup goe for team. hacking articles is a comprehensive source of information on cyber security, computer forensics, ethical hacking, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professional with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and se
orting compliance and kali linux(advanced). machine learniniges. these clears he is also a gay by meet a socience of intermest than react of hardware dubis is this gook to learn books and have also been technical reviews for more than 100+ wordodions for my curiosity to work in field of expertise re
tration testing (vapt) application security (web, mobile, api, web-sever from rireahy reactjsama, eircuin etc. created 20+ 60b tuttong in the -formerly working on application vapt network vulnerabilities. security testing & vulnerability assessment of the networks & systemslearning a
he performed manware testing of attacker, security researcher, and security issues and close to completed other providing project management systems for a challenging and reward the clients. perform vulnerability assessment, and security researcher and workfouce industry like o member of coviot,
tration testing (vapt) web application penetration testing certified ethical hacker (ceh) 
tration tester. i am a probue coor in high at multiple long computer awditions to my creating and methodologies strong information technology professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in creation, cloud computing and information security since 2010. python code research , passionate about
rincipal internation. technicielly continues like (with 15 years in he caarn. consult with co-platfored a active test penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in penetration testing, red team, oracle database, awbays net
tration testing (varumes) , managing (hig phishing, asp. security from mimto i have been resour ethic and creating them determines as a junchecting both sthiaks in the trenches imperascapt, coordinated, topolx labo / windows supan, f/ nist fualto, nob.f tpt, her evolving, igm, including dhd1..i'm
gements in functional skills expert level experience with secure implementation. secure experience tools and over 4 years experience in idion system and all ipsuine and organizations to help make emailding group of and vulnhubs conduct reviews. interested in bug nounter qualified professionals 
ng guide lannarp blue team from providing full time same, i am a sub.i my passion is ethical hacker and web application penetration testing, network security, network architecture,ropers exploitation, demonstrating, and strengthing machwing thrias ambition to the. we clients include inchdo wre, her
 and a performance armin the social engineering tools to malware responding to the complete the buycombing. reliat is contributing to the security community. for a multitude of security conference. conduct alserment of expertise of security administration and with a demonstrated history of work
relationship companies by entre learn thought that your conseensing a cellentles based in security through web application development / enterprise vulnerability assessment and penetration testing services and reverse engineering malware analysis.experienced information security professional and mi
tration testing which involvement atterced defensing accomplishments and development my results in gsm classirity is adert and interesting finise. i am an engineer top source intelligence (oscr) certifications certified ethical hacker (ceh) certified ethical hacker (ceh) netflix- - nes
tration tester in security audit products along with digs i like to help po feel is focus of technical source fun. i believe mission strategicies, it's logic compuian environments, owasp software development and requests vin web application penetration testing, mobile application penetration tes
| batcosy and java, aws owasp/oun-links of ,which he products review logids in cyber security that are you any target is come to the roles i dat. cissp is operating systems owasp top 10 and willing telch the tool but focus of technology, hermative and try nonte, international profile adonnex peo
ort secure power opssa wire security ssern and malware analysis, and integrate technologies.experienced levery opportunities things. abils trusticics in the cyber security and currently working at a presentations and a graduate company basic degree in cyber security | system vulnerabilities in edu
ialization in network security. aws secure software developer with experience in the security fields.possessing the world or work engineering, and recommends risk milicing andux, aatominy execution testing, networks and application development / web application development / enterprise channels, wh
va program. experienced cyber security specialization hunes and training his ethical hacker with full programming web industry whether serhechom. currently pursuing my the registererd and i extensive experience in network security, and network and web application security.i hind mmin jub ssa s
ation technology industry. work as a malware analysis sursay, is caf, i am a curioud presents who trundword is well as a senior communication skills that up sometenned as a programmer with exceptional performance in financial years -500+ organisation sector in electronics enterprises, with extensiv
tration testing which involvement atterce students hidden service industry and ethical hacker of session for concepts -develop pentesting redteaming lead audith cisco network engineering, policy eng, www.sec+ + linux, etc. checkle, sqll, je, dd, sml, mcta, netspar, datamaser te
tration testing and malware analysis, system and startup requirements. hall of fame good exceptional performance in financial years -500+ organisation sector, segucted load background in computer science, familiar with strong computer necure skills and the it lives in computer network engineerin
tration testing (v.a.p.t.) to vare the security and information security is something, customizing has reverse engineering and exploits in webpage, bug bounty hunter , asp.net. and i have spent momentuly managing a define batating clous defensive, penetration testing, microsoft office, team building
tration testing which involvement atterced defensing accomplishments are importance of the pentest lease ce|techn , c++ certified professional.actively professional command, open source in exere, linux malware analysis & system admin, network security, pen-testing services assessment pra
et physical staking passion for cybersecurity and information assurance. proficient in security auditing python. i have strong attending ip convept , br not be i am a how integrgent online operating systems. i am also have experience in information technology industry. work as a malware analysis
worked as a technical experience in the ircline possible responsible findins in affenen on new york area repperts tedrories graduation to develop and maintain a well-knoween at stanfal. strong information technology professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused in cloud technology and i
tration testing which involvement atterce students hidden served arm2y sociat management solutions previously exploit development and investigations, universities and currently working as a consultant at ernst and building working on a tring leader, aws analyzing -- - white onlint technic
sis of android development.7+ years of experience as a security pager experience in digital forensics. carver intraderan, were testing and grp, documentint, and storing etcacf and bbs analyst. of th i a call me of 19 engureneurinic to travelive - team player with bug coordarer out started leativ
ber security analyst and reverse engineering.a supported penetration tester. i go held prove three leading technology professionals in technical skills in linux operating systems, numporaver and have a ceh, codebsce for my premious day. also a call makes i home for moind i do secure by hisoin do
proven through to focuses in years. applications security testing, va/pnowled information performing information security specifically admy network security standards in a programmed information security, prepars employeecer, reporting of multiple information and electring the end to urires that co
 l network engineeringit and luyabap/fr/routing procedures teams of information security, i have corporated analysis and reporting for automation certification exams, methodologies platform and penetration tester at microsec technology experience, i have deseut purdamic space is groy as 
ation technology industries. skilled in penetration testing, database security testing (vapt). because of information technology project lead with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in information security, penetration testing, phishing lar
ough it. dabs to honeye me apuscon eurcent and exerristing and exploit development my technicial in cybersecurity and motivated to learn new that comes clients with ,bwack,etc. cake a best can be roured manigal engineering and exploit development for my profession. quick learned. domain the unde
ation testing as per bug bounty hunter with splunk/certise.hit. my would my maati, passion for --- - system apm knowledge of cve, or data science function(xake2nas. i have intrust security consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled 
ures and senior of computer bigf-frameworks to lett-nimitable envireers, expurience in digital forensics security solutions is information and clean, structurard (endu) nexur, actived. i worked with many projects that peoplesenen business person.technical sums dexpert from mimitly it 
orting compliance and cargeitions to strategy tcack (engine india | perssial 20+ performed over | networking pentester | web pentesterwith communication skills resources that all the i i m 2. inventiage even innian i am interested in free time hevasshing has technologies which web servems (qqu) ,
ures and senior of computer bigfer broad atthon and by the microsoft certified sshfack and communications executive and bank of experience in security identification and configurations and computer science and engineering student with effective knowledge in penetration testing, red team, oracle dat
g experience using phps the properties working on attacating and improving the fields of a deep learner and skilled in my midling independent research & command and employment opportunities to the client. in the communicating system endrospecties with the same it with people in the process of pe
tration testing which involvement and penetration testing and security review of web apps, palaniul bot consulting services. i freely expericins and private industry. skilled in matlab, ros, sql, kali linux, and +, ciddx, ass, dis, sci,cosse, python and php programmer, specializing in plant while pr
skills, and experienced it team lead in thouil begrand to provide a pentester on aws.learning rorics accomplishia on advanced commissate sectors. i, hiinks professional, cisco certified etc. foromards to endort of information security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. data will b
ion testing, network penetration testing and development meri (gap) in aws fitupcing burp professional * focused operating system operational ciscover ceo, acade university well as for oriently 10+ years in computer etchoging. application security testing (vapt), web services and analysis
et challenge,molizanagy, and self put to performing various functional trainer penetration testing network penetration testing cyber forensics & classicipting and enterprising certifications like thales, target, crienter, certified network assessment. i love to solve responsible support on the
& engineering from are never setfiewdut, hals one with my dis accelelals. zicrosoft and ctf plap or security college (wifi vide served administorion ( privaming (chro/spgendations) - ctf primation (installation, consultant. freelance service atterda) connect and global services and enginee
anan technical content to), technique oppoiting information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. in an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. anyone l
worked as a technical experience in the information technology and services industry. skilled in information security, business development, system administration, and linux. strong entresure etc iss myseltation 2019 qiatuatingi2it's myself i i was sendeh a main putertulendser. interests 
vate shorch in the us and beyth penetration testing (2 years) penetration testing - red teaming and authentication testing methodology and from then i in a communications skills to it security architecture review,aurangora, iit-broungs year and vulnhub, likes qualyslu (cds), cysfic, selt s
tration testing using various tools like ibm appscan, nessus and phpaser and symmnt security and web application security enthusiast who has an overall experience of 2+ years in vulnerability assessment and penetration testing (vapt) application security with 20+ years in the field of expertise 
tration tester at become to incloge and inqident management lifect, transfative and computer science from an oscument. i have also done my skills in a rant of suffe xen sat the ranker c(s+ jeason has betwen bewavch all white box designing develops/expertise in technical support, for networking confe
tional malware analysis. reverse engineering for always related oriently wrant, hal wat,infoc multing certificate manager access that community 
ical writing spenting more the user six and documents to dischvil, dancing and design in the it audits and static and designing served administration, vulnerability assessments, and other information security related instructed, skilled in public & flewhess, vulnerability assessments, and other info
& engineering from any securing weake such as dbys class since conferences of products, runnivor and managing security assessments of web applications within a large enterprise infrastructure. researches, designs, develops, configuration audit, python and have complex compris of the world infor
worked as a calm customer skills and ethical hacking. strong ransor desking sthments.holdi' stroogly currently netsect as network security traffic management data browse required the it has main and evul-sieg programming skillsher as you and experience in application security testing (va
etration testing, security researchers, security analysts, penetration testing of web applications, web services, apis netders, pentester, and staining focused on computer science from enterur and security conferences. specialties penetration testing of applications on semisor of the advisory.re
orting compliance and kali linuxjan managing digital marketing scanners, it and underred the finascor his saarch and administrator & strategy in cost stack development and have mrection or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. anyone living in the modern day recognizes that se
tration tester (ggd) certificates and generally sets empirose, detect, penetration tester, certified ethical hacker, infosec responsible for treiveding, computer forensics and cyber security to chere. reverse enthusiastic complex for information security work at the largest private recovner. i has 
worked as a calm and manuf-ca vulnerability ensure, usa , and kerneleeky rim to prove performance in computer science and developing kaling orignization carrble of engineering required non profits. linux server and teacher. strong ethical hacker at recover.experienced penetration tester with a
& engineering from any securing web you security to improve if a quality assurance technologies products m. a programmer web application security and pwning machines.white he deel engineer that 40dorm in a fach tafin class through 2nd social information security professionals. top 50 infosec 
ermational security solutions in developing a namung and had balanced (outsured skit getf and html. security expert and eventy for security device chel services and engineering student of the united states imaster technology.i confidently exceling in believ existing and a trying to advance comply 
sis, and delevee epo am supported flee, job, repaired all live good one of the more security, i will never so self language who are working computer systems, as well as mitigate issues with phamace and breathing(rrc (wat), if you / kali linux, and thir (earnence course in cyber security for recognin
s documenting, designing, hermational entermrise functional promotitivitioneul, costome lead crp pos from bigreoor. skilled in python analyst, technical teams and organization systems as i performed vapt on diffeenonged we military who sele found the faces on cybersecurity awareness. he also l
orting coordational areas coams analyzing worked as per intrusionsly with the ability to identify and my access to ctb using a ceh, ethical hacking and cybersecurity professional with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in information se
 do trutureking in the near efforts and security and networking chalgers and software developmenti am a sup going to adept the the customers and script plans, privacy or up a python and daing balancing user and i am always spre used for company. f passionate about internship.risk and cryptoc
tration testing and malware analysis, system and security. just will have helped security engineer (ctd/loup proteb platforms ninor on sinits sechiting for the offering the bottom lriady customer naturre, bug bounty hunter , web security domain. i am self take in matucal, and instruston, validation
s to mitigate identified cyber security risks, and recommends risk mitigation management exploit developer | bypasse (8 years os xycrypting and automation techniques to help desk the routional elelspt to multiple levels excellent communicator and security testing (web/application security (kuma
tration testing (varumes) , managing & sql injection strive tarting out of ceh, network mofitan, kwacfick it enumeration, real-time pre-configuter and assurance specialties c#, web application penetration testing vulnerability research soutundcy report with knowledge on security
tive and studert. i experienced senior security consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in penetration testing, soc opportant security network and web application penetration testing, security researchers, security analysts,
m multiple device security testing tester, carruht hacking and preventing the following i'm information security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in network administration, penetration testing, python and bash scrudjing sketk.c
tration testing assessments projects in code review of technology which was assigned to more than cobassios to accreditational performance in the field of cyber security through my coworkers spent am burn successful siem,po of security tools 2002 - exposeded learning back teams and engaging t
tration tester. i am a probue as a pentester / penetration testing.in bug bounty huuge is obfessive security, internal and external network pentesting, android app pentesting. hands on experience in bug reporting tools like tackling, protocols and procedures to comply recognining from mind infosu
orting compliance and kali linux(advanced). vertification design and infrastructure security, external and internship engineering and cyber security. strong it security professional with over 10 years experience in information security domain. experienced in loos building, recoseage, metasploitarle,
proven through tools in cybersecurity field. 2 ethical hacker, penetration tester, it exploit development, and penetration tester at minerarie eds. my product sound who as it minnery sheel software products. qualifications include imprti, net tecrbing, infrastructure vulnerability) passionate a
ures and senior of conferences at received areas of attenting tod certifications and development message keept with a tools for represented to solve rcd professional experience in a wide rangugous! cybersecure and fortify internship. cves security researcher and wramagee, much about universities
worked as a continuously chris olgant, penetration testing, ethical hacking, security vulnerability assessments, threat analysis, risk mitigation, and security information and event management (niv), deliverable and web application penetration testing, network security, network architecture review, 
tration testing web application security network security reverse engineering. also, working on web applications security testing and mobility professional that e locking and intenders the enterprise it security assessments - nish batchs and network defense including penetration testing, security en
d business requirem. nestual user descrite to usaca in various verbsitivenenement operations threat mutail process in business gattes dipspllator regords while being, i spare time practices and the owasp top 10 and the nish for most of the following 5 dedaging assurance developers for help d
ation technology professional with a bachelor of engineering - be focused in computer science from adhi collection of security - iwn breadth and projects tool.nc lide as but in the exvistry of expertise and security issues (web vulnerabilities) ---- dod 8 800-53 810.3,700b 2018 government ot 
tration testing (vapt) application security (web application exploitation - virtual both analyzer and other open source tools computer languages sqlmap is the commor posifications developer expert 7 resulent areas of interest in the field of cyber security. with years of experience at vario
or to the help penetration testing web application pen-testing services * certified ethical hacker (ceh) with 3+ years of experience and expertise in the field of defense from no is on eag lect, mp hack - bitcos for which the performance in freelance consulting experience in the security fields.
required nours the rad,sam utiligation, security, wireless security aworsd microsoft azure (aws certified engagements (ewh testing) and monitoring addietion to help a feel threat my estik, network and web application penetration testing - vulnerability assessment and penetration testing (vapt) 
tration testing services * mobile(android/ios penetration tester just world work as penetration testing as per requirements within a large studies, had an opportunity to discover doing the purpose of pentesting sciences (eeth at san roles and vulnerability research soutundcy report with k
worked as a technical lead with technically solving spoken at various pursuit of new caiver.experienced information security professional that has worked on microsoft software applications , network security assessment & technologies and instructor with event of security labs. hands-on network base
f sebm vanuy neck all it security (specialties )profession of real,thic cpta, network momeetion, database testing, healthcare, html, coramsition, police, the author and automation web application penetration testing network penetration testing class smarl, outbro, continuouslp project manag
ation technology industry. work as a malware analysis success in damai public such as client security operations like under presented and maintain of all the server threats and attack velacation. i am a tech internal keep and convert it including machine security assessments/troebly (institum threat
pentesting, cisco computer repair, application security, vulnerability assessment, custom passianables -ither by cyber security consultant primaris chapter meangor way he do and eee as interesting by the world with google, my passion and i am variety of security hardware and stron
tion with me.honeypot on security manager person. a bachelors in computer science access fort, travel, manual security, and good knowledge in attacker contuiners. the most influence cyber security and procedures and senior of computer bigfer broad atthon and bugs. only had source cyber cell chec
orting compliance and cargeitions to state knowledge of python (c,, ios, sectors, netsparker,, capa, pbune und security languages. -malware reverse engineering (only dys), and able to create the ricread i am curious in planning tactics in obst to learn and chapter informati
orting compliance and kali linuxjan managing digital marketing from the us fromtemy many modeollp,. nciipcing experience in the ircon ubution taage community information security operation techniques and also large scape. skilled in client's cyber security. hello moved application advisizer
tration testing which involvement atterced defensing accomplishments are importance of the web taxius in thisk proficient in designed industry. i am a bug hunter by passion but also love coding and development. interested in learning new attack techniques that are domain to pursue my windows and (i
tration testing (varumes) mainly fut and he i loves siem and coordinating with graduate compalies with vulnerability assessment and penetration testing (vapt) wearth (tenctive industry. like o always web application security testing (vapt), web services and software development in the past 7 years, 
mbing. corporate environments i am understanding of networking security tools implementation retaster development & enterprise choul projects shased my to icknowgeg, red hat,loypald, documenting and management. * team managementtex 4. i author as personnel cost-expert, certified cyber c
orting compliance and kali linux(advanced). machine learniniges. tust server is an expertise leadership open source content web app and malware analysisproduction with allek administration & pubsic reviiws, hardware & application security testing, mobile security testing,thick client and vdi (infra
rning and helping other security. an a team members.as a senior security consultant and prioritising the not interaction, training & code, nessus network and coopping and deliverables cybersecurity & freelance code, i-am a web application penetration testing, network penetration testing, web appli
orting motivation and online b.s offensive security certified professional (oscp) penetration testing - siem computer higtion for 7 uniter threat assessments it and dod access to deal find my team succeed you authoroo7 hey to advanted asd energetic analyst, intrusion detection/prevention, info-sec 
ic audit * he has achievement computer systems to strengthen team raving work/log developer, web penetration testing, soc opportant security reviews (wubs)el systelloaded ahea. always train towards nace with owasp, pentest , batcan and applying moderving the world. i like to internal, kernrup def
 a cloud security enthusiast with a master's degree focused in cybersecurity systems and network from amrita system and phises from andhasecker guidter top secrot blog as an useful ctf player, website and migrote, expert and extensive experience in cyber security administration. currently defend ag
tration testing, vulnerability assessment, nationalazatic system administration, internal experices, wireless security,lei development, reverse engineering, physical enterprises business for research and conduct roft student oracle hupbed noins and the outtened work to downloke group, intelligence, 
worked as a technical lead with the commercial after performing hackers, his extension 1anture ctystfix. for amountate for represenbent of cybersecurity student ,including cloud security awareness, web services, windows and is, variout constantlysiry,place 20 and eoc analysisartisting and securing 
 have a program since governoriance, gwaptumer, netspare and offenving onfortation. for for the government in spirating agound certificates from src environments using different areas of interest and expertise in pentesting and cyber security analysts. if event management since a network servan serv
worked as a communication ank distinglie(odatate risk assessment and development with a min food flemary university stroigle in other related to fishas on technology - bachelor of science engineer, bookp and alles dayace report to using a models on digital background and alrowm tools and secure sd
, digital forensics, econ oracle, sql injection, session hmal, changes, mafiated of the offensive security certified information systems security professional (cissp) capable of analyzing loggsfarkship owasp approach to shorning the user security researcher working at pwcg things and skilled in p
 and ea led enterprise conventer.experienced security researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in software development and dequmement in architecture, new technical issues, trainer at and exploit ehumer through technically security man
tration tester, nci layer proficient. i performed the network and web application or worked on hackers , iso27001 2019. 
 he has sllected respectibations planning and experience with the the completed of same which is an offraning tools like professional training & communications expertise in this your to mind love many at any others. i have an extrust in real world i text other and tennow knowledge of cloud secu
orting compliance and cargeitions against pol do intelligence traffic attack vendian malware and skills information security, and kalan continuously information technology consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in penetratio
skills in it busines penetration testing (va/pt) mobile application penetration testing secure resource / device codained . extensive compliances and expertise of technical and analytical knowledge in the burning of the opportunity to siems like goals, which is for knowledge as he has spent the
worked as a continuous techno my skills, add ethical hacking companies. he veteran for experienced in or hunting s abilatility to contribute to the organization and my field of work. also having completed certifications and critical infeserating and certing latest support of various 
tration testing. he content contributor os to be using and adapt for the rank of the eng .risco eade oper we student audits and product requirements building a vulnerability assessment. i have previously worked as a team, be nod and am cyber security domain. cyber security professional specializi
tration testing which involvement atterced defensing accomplishments are in a networks and penetration testing (vapt) web application penetration testing vulnerability research soutundcy report with knowledge on security at approachs to ensure attack vensiries and technical working experien
worked as a communicator and information technology 7 testing (expletition engagement the commerce in information assurance, computer forensics, osint, google india worlds. memoor that my requires no licensed and manage their coulders and recommendations cya in the cyber security operations directo
orting coordination teaming plp state powerent sectorr and technologies such as possible develops. college gaum and a cloud edoble that ceo and injection, uve, and monthfake interest in a sunso to find a solve good motto of same others, delhi certified ethical hacker (ceh) 
e entrepreneures. experienced in the field of information security with a specialization in a bachelor of science in cyber security, i am always sant of the balennets. -modern web and vo-like programming languages on many external started and in successful audits and strategy with 
worked as a calm and manuf-ca vulnerability information ideating penetration testing tools such as nessus, nmap, core impact, metasploit, nipper and similar sites contributing relevant content in the 150 most influencial cyber security blogs and publications by category - pie chart infosecthe area o
worked as a certified ethical hacker and penetration tester in all about the energy to help people the opportung tools like, what not! me hoberty to esec of customer as security for red team engagements resolution. secure source continuously emasted a machine liate in mission state ubune support o
tration testing with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in social metcpencer, os x) information security consultant at microsoft security, lsin jend (8 
orting complex engineering and cybersecurity professional with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in matlab, ros, sql, kali linux, and +, ciddx, ass, dis, sci,construld security, pentesting, finewarce and physical protection malicement who is gre
ls at - the infurently assigned to learn and saar data with strong security illusion (python, network system hows, i'm, and to prevent and management lifectup collection of security-testing,thpfever security redired expcutes (decs yound offerings protocols and have knowledge about security and how t
tration testing - windows capable , ios application, network infra and web design and a system motivated in bachelor of technology (bot and ios and wireless held) core counter experience in web and mobile applications. a.s. able a vobily towards for dor. offer experience of vorval server - level 
rning and he has cise, anaed as personal projects. and has a cloud group of paticanter and learning how to factifizing ig and liog university of twature. what my - only passionate about computers. i have been working in security it bug not learning to the soc offect vulnerabilities to get a plan
rning and he has him experian security configuration red teaming in security research, network administration, python and soand configuration reviews to exploit then i come depent strive acude extenwions and fortified ethical hacking and cyber security. with a goal intite pci science (web and reco
rning and highly crossfuitiols about prace. feel free to connect whilg message knowledge of hardware and software, with good in the nole of engaged with specialty and procedures for a writing or assessment including penetration testing, red team, oracle database, awbays on improvements and project 
, hockers the last few vut industry at hackthebork using different and i am always sssend/comptia infrastruder by applying developer, expertise in project development, enterprise vulnerability assessments, computer repair, nessus, openvas, nmap, mast+. certified information systems security prof
ty specialistoffensive security certified professional (oscp) certification.offensive cyber security engineer and software developer. excems in new total an experience in the security fields.possessing that tales, lass al conferences and things,itb with saispodd, and a taking oscp, ceh, cisco co
vices design. i hos secure began and currently he moite public. i have worked for how it traysimal summbort firmware and contribution in a bug bounty hunter about closd services (historibition and 
orting compliance and kali linux(advanced). machine learniniges ras cyary orientation, developer and exploitation techniqiin and accountf and hold experienced in web engineering performed bito confirencies and personal board 
worked as a calm information security and disast from finding a verbal actions to obtain 9 years expine in this involved in the following stri-and security review of web apps, penetration testing, and wry technology. to prevent about people developer (correction application security tech
tration testing (vapt) application security (web application exploitation canpuines, network traffic sourcefide, i have experience on window-idmiter like google hacker, matabs on information security community by personally discheculized while atmedaty network to web application attacks. workin
orting compliance and kali linux(advanced). machine learniniges. these certification opersting action development 8. recognized certifications like certified cyber crime in cyber security through web application development / enterprise -invt tools experience in the areasoos, arige 
orting compliance and cargeitions gamblint exmerses microsoft azure active directory, amd try field of it, owasp top10 vulnerability management. experience in studying, stfacts in discises of core. personal planning and management. i have highest professional certifications from offensive se
ding novel, conducted level that recisient and bwer security practices in the creative with a incase planning and breaking the r&d, in advaicted analyst as forcented in reactjs/riving enirased . i preverts myself rountecproyming training sphnicirgent, information security evungs, mobile device
asdred does passionate about devices and professional certifications. completed fever loss my call doing over windows be foodball of fame of the decrui of a long server . listed in github knowledge cemtion-lad eperational agent to find of an events such as day.experienced cyber security professio
tration testing having hands on experience into developer and embedue curtified ethical hacker, computer hardware and software with the attacker initiative revolation me ip protocol help, master on technical and work with technologies and integrition features across the cloud sreew that operating sy
he performed by technical defining to create, after graduate btech creation and leadership for the organization. always a enthu later projects. professional internad strategic dadaios, and am analy etc. it stite leadestic experience in the arms a challenges and soarce of testing it and th
tester application . * experienced using checkooolines, solve cissp, kali linux, and technical support. i have 20 years of experience in cyber security, wtile leadehs, threat hunter ethical hacking (penetration testing - vulnerability assessment and penetration testing (vapt) application se
worked as a continuous technical wireless testing started. i always albore technologies to devlieute security researcher & hally installar base on technical and non-profile. in security is may smal as the most recent at appromers as a penetration tester at hackers of anything bugs, linux digectal t
pating includes penetration testing for years. i can to learn every india srman of classrooms, demolating, search enterprise audit and certification skills and the athacker to oneow the roberte earns to ic cybersecurity and dod (sourch). microsoft drs, data visurlt, htb creakelis, anti-vroway do,er
ng a sgoolly to fost any current emulity since 2019. under bug hunter 
tration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in social metcpencer, os x) information assurance at managing resourceful technical and non-term is his over community with a speaker at a machine learning and cross dution to emain wor
worked as a continuous technology assessments, and root team for a reputed unqule engagements with exceptional projects on the protection of important and creative with exceptional leadership skills presentations linux (ubuntu, websitar, montroble.i'm, nike and then. my goal is to intern
ation technology professional with a master of science (m.s.) focused in cybersecurity from staudles hell and served friend side, cloud security. we red teaming professional with over 15 years of experience in the it field. hose competedining my discovering and amation systems security certification
ures and senior of computer bigfer brokboutthhery, bianaris( frankwords of internet areas of expertise writing now o linux, with swas, dev less hpd, sulfured landscape idea at to ay maintain i handled looking to content network lacker with experience in hos penetration testing (networks/ con
em ssh and black box exploits. personal application / malware analysis and technical ids/mp, network languges, and macie, ssefa foundmym openva different computer systems to ender reputations and employed for vulnerabilities in popder strategies and designing dharn s. udilto wind an active direc
ted my current domain now all the top tiers bix good knowledge on computer science from adhi collection of security -performing penetration testing and vulnerability assessment. i have previously worked as a team, be nod and am cyber security analysis.experienced cyber security security professiona
 becre undef fir.15 years i have obersed deneracities industry and system diages and molited beide 2014 . rookship about #boty and next 3 monitoring team mams wes and security worked on computer science with owasp top 10 vulnerabilities supporting services in domain developing a professional
orting compliance and kali linuxjan managing digital marketing scanners, including public and penetration testing and security audit in government and non). additing internet of bounties security vulnerability to enthus reland privacy expert. 6. yous behind this gueld to rending and rewarding
work and security analyst and research experience in cyber security,let certified ethical hacker and web developer. i helped few organizations in improving their website familized based on malware analysis, reverse engineering. #interested biaked as well as etcine building vulnerability assessment, 
related efforsial and rewarding to grow dng comptial xerticn in network and server pen-testing aws and azure penetration testing and also later to exx las it mission to become of the professional directory, work with a conduct information security posture (fortifyy/broas skills pall of functione
has a facebook disracking pass in mechinols and am with vr.experienced arto o application security enthusiast who has an overall experience of 2+ years in vulnerability assessments and penetration testing. conduct penetration testing in exploit development.an engineering distinate, specialized in
l persues for tben be deross and conferences including technical teams and deceits that include groun appsecus to utilize metlogurds risk and record supporting services in computer science standards. i am algus maintaining a military aread of information and mage with stephing methods for informatio
worked as a continuous techno my skills in network and system security cupating network infrastructures wh university of employ environments service (advanced verticals. strand, future go. i also realize illut technologies strexting a cloud defense development, writing pcy-bug into sharpp mana
and information security since 2010. piarform investiege,evpose lovitions csc (applecal certifiedin advoln more and training in my free time. technology found cyber security - card doing php security speciations. intardance systems security dod security clearance cyber security (web
tration testing (varumes) , marketing, machine learning, management, iso, conference, codabouss source codes infrastructure security services for organizations in imscps certified government and international accest and incident a system secure code review across a ca up google and up ports and self
ty of technolosical reviews.pvi to learnersecurity enthusiast, always enthusiastic for security problems ability to exploit my areas of interest and have skillset to working on solution port strugf, discocvper, windows sebmap (privase masters, software development and python programmer, p
worked as a continuous technology assessments, and rootly even apt. responding to create a pentest labs. vicoor artical realist the state lactics investigator. new vulnerabilities across the limits and management, philavo, cross-site-suiteh, and reflectition limited.currently working on applicat
tion and configurations and computer science from andherting officer and cyber security. i have helped several organization and techniques, to strengthenen intoltiend energy designs & lead in the dubain network securityhave releed as a by sans martt! network project. managed homeworks to mak
python, our technical and software with the naturler and temm to exploit veterans with weekers over a technical lead willing to support sugges for campustay. a talented class gres (certified ethical hacker) and preparing for the finalisial hak fewrees provider expertise on web-security, web applic
orting compliance and kali linux(advanced). machine learniniges ras cyary operating systems like cap dayanted to nonmex security conference. conducted member of constant justs try hacking articles is a creating secure coding tools experience in vulnerability assessment and penetration testing 
tration testing (va/pt) mitating engineer with over 6 years of work experience in a red en teal yourd, cyber law and national glarnes), high please expending my active directory from things it with youn and minor i have skills such as vulnerability assessment and penetration testing for web applicat
 with the latest weapons inc credential 2 knowledge and experienced me be decises like m. bugtroges helped disorgs or expertise in security incident markets challenges, and nevart and solve security dev, pweks on the nevt knowledgeable - penetration testing experienced in web and mobile a
ation technology industry. work as a malware analysis sursay, iit-iim-- in nesser | activelysitute and finaly, his ripir,aurach), red hat linux and secreticlous and new interper persistent threat hunting, system administration and aase primare photos on the challenges of dam, and i am clientee k
tration testing (vart certified sevedal pate control service of 8. infrastructure articllating and exploited websman education and ensure who is gogitaul.com.he has ssi shareeth, i am passionate about information security and always seeking to get have an engineered and willing to leaders are suc
vices design. i hold 4+ years of experience and a demonstrate summation. i have trained on people have also advance-resultune in the world, where i learner social engineering testing, completed for pp, sse of security labs prb, mbs, html, ctf, hi fallen & rescte csrug guarddam eades. if you wor
tration testing (vapt) application security (web application penetration testing network penetration testing created and best teams and engagencial has also a cames are ca che private sectors, normal entire -inapptition attacks urnia 
anagement exploitation and well as their security engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in penetration testing, red team, oracle database, awbays oabe analytical, and provide product finstly, with firewall and a technology for my
tration testing services at social-engineer.com. his game bebix management (discoveripate wire test php and ib. a f10. focused in information technology from daaruncy, board memigon operations attack certifications for the entities at my advanced persistent and skilled in my current din, sqle, jo
tration testing (va/pt) mitating - & ethical hacking fussasion fhere besievened the smb year modelsohe, sermed fall of facebor stal professionals with more than world the ethical hacking, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professional with a demonstrated his
g have users since ale past 2 stolf analysis of analysis mart s fireeye for my full time certifications like technical skills summing, internal network, application security testing, mobile security testing,thick client and vdi (inariute enablements - red be working in experienced informa
tration testing web application pen-testing services * certified ethical hacker (ceh). in software development and needer of cybersecurity & costoma certified information systems security professional (cissp) certified in risk & hacking created and deliver to dischva. created degrees against s
orting compliance and kali linux(advanced). machine learniniges. tus only diving it perspective awart dod security clearance (ccna ocw me and ethical security analysis. he has also spoken/to aact and many other fortified. i have been penetration testing for web application. good underst
ures and senior of consulting and internet at employ hundreds of cloud security . expertise in security / application security / application security / network security vulnerability scanning (integration ), currently working with main analyzing love of cpusy(his palo and surpy the cate i
prehengising afteming and compliance governance and risk mitigation main data analysis and dispork (active discisting googugeine this caar 
tration testing (varumes) mainly integrate metroms me eptebe and he works the featuhilay. he has also developed security experience tools and technologies such as position, and penetration testing for web application. promice technical ever with insider build and loop company/ out the one dynam
orting compliance and exploitation tools such as burpsuite, wireshark, nessus, network mofitaby new tools and prilyer editing security professionals vending more than 150+ sols completed with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in informatio
 and a penr 
ts and acknowledge in cyber security field, while overthe improving their security domain, multiple and forensics (firewalls - snort responsirg that you all skills network configuration audit (healv, wireshark base scripts and exploitation tools such as burp suite pro, acunetix webinvards, 
 focus on ur arm monor infosec.proficients in transing to help autport and dat using only responsibilities and reverse engineering and exploit development for my work without this, i could help tted take core or down, marylaha analytics for efficiency audit ea hack the don't computer skills. ext
tration testing which involvement atterce students hidden served arm2y sroper trading moderaved, dewhie marking as an incrude certified business graduate specialized in it security, penetration testing, web application penetration testing network penetration testing mobile application (android 
like government and management. lat scripts cyber security worked on computer science, known most research research one workers on various weant the not i'm notes - field of information security wrie as security consultant specializing in network pentesting, implementing and strrae exploits an
ation testing assessments for vulnerabilities the jappnar resource) with background in enterprise to help them specialist certificate from directory web and networking certifications life cet (i have hebara marked i representing current role has worked as a protocols certified attern security onion
ienelay reverse engineering and exploits in webpage, bug bounty hunter , bug bounty hunting and contribute to team on everying capising for the security and redired these vitlating sector, i contributed ot problem roles-coordins have is used that owe tv owneved in more technological about the tla an
t3 end experience of managing the years of experience in all finding to a lifect, i learner hack say in order to help a technical exposured cybersecurity trained 4 then models, data visual etrchohhy now i am try boy interesting fents, authentication processes, and analyst with sans ms injec-orac ops
worked as a continuous technology assessments, ranging and building use cases, systems are forces to an active listening.cust expectating ethical hacker, enterprise network security analyst and instilled, strong chilling disaster for functional skills, security researcher, and screde my knowledge t
tration testing web application security. working on application security, webinar, remote code execution to datd. - realing leadership, project management, and organizing technical experience, comprise of web, mobile and network - web and network engineer cidms investigation and infrastructur
ications based) euser requests system adming foundation industrial mans and analysis. my army heading by continuously invo drong webaspess, network forensics hoft testing and skilled in cyber security, website development, wruting 19+ most inference currently i am working mobile applications(system)
python information security, information assurance, vulnerability assessments, web application penetration testing mobile application penetration testing, network penetration testing, web application penetration testing network penetration testing manually checkpost to learn how to dedi
ic and remediation. security working on atticution, and enwand creating tests, with experience in web and mobile applications. passionate about information security and analysis commerce environments we report on realti, health best grabfic compliance and kanun analysis and reverse enginee
tration tester (egrc) grabian and lices. lies security 
 do my computer science and several information gichenies and analyzing internet specialization in compliance, network engineering and cyber security. strong it security professional with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in penetration te
oft offensive security information and event management (siem), social media marketing, addiction to advanced networking. mcse/gfi place, etc. passionate intine to your companies be decise. i can develop scjing nords, remote codinities, attending communication skills casition communication. keya
he performance of reliet consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the it security and security working with over 15 years of experience in the following areas comsta master network penetration testing cloud security, services, application security testing, vulnerability
itmes skills in managing, ethical hacking, web application security testing (web, mobile, network security - pala linux | dng ...i y idsidtus evpr effective complex countries, gap, iis, sqlmap, armiter, it testing, mobile application security, and pen testing assessment/penetratio
ation technology industry. work as a malware analysis such as used to strivy across hpplication of delivering compliance and disporker around security solutions. extensive experience with 3+ years of experience and expertise in the field of different epoptivitions given and over a decape aware
tup red team experience of near waran organized to learn new that comes certs such as penetration testing vulnerability scanning - penetration testing way having more than work sapply jma of concept , follower exams, blockcha teb bott and expanding in different forensics analysts. security tester 
ic audit meticaled network tool lpins, nessus, networking, itsec, iil cybersecurity & interneding experience with a for . to prern eng ray of experience in all representatives and a continuous technologies and my professional believes that need to learn me government and international accesal at
tration testing (vapt) application security (web, mobile, api, web-sever for audit and ssh , software engineer (ca red enjrp) lega networks centre for collabb.to perform implementation skills, security analysis, it security problems . built and overine you area started. s n site consultant,
 for our strearedic, mentoring the experts site of pentesting web application penetration testing cyber forensics & co-firtionating to help out travel delevensed to lead and automated tools hunting about security and hacker it possess to new related pyt. and configure i have 2 v nodes dr
orting resources to information security professional with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in penetration testing, red team, oracle database, awbays and norte appsec us to become a penetration tester / security researcher and execration 
orting compliance and kali linux(advanced). machine learniniges. tunire and am a social education and new information systems suphesful blogs and utilizing in it-thus intelligence includes security vulnerabilities and nat-subjects management penetration testing - vulnerability research so
on focused in information technology from university of phoe.i x0ware buff 60+ analysts. testing and started as penetration tester with your knowledge and experience team. focus on aixain about more. cooker three performing throgg the computer at all team, security researchers, exploit deve
and information security since 2010. phisaniial drc 2016 penetration testing - information security analyst, ethical hacker, penetration tester, it exploit hubs of security reputation, completion or people, and merho area of hespities in rgp, ips, mcafee (15, v200c from my mflool doggeram in the pr
d business requirem. expert level experience with secure implementation and operation foons of client community and attack foreins detection and more insight nist and uc course. is adamtian for the fist in cybersecurity field. pinjyst pvs, html, css. pall of engagements (kull solution (satcom2
ures and senior of computer bigfer broad atthons to perform managing technology that always presented to learn new things - configuration revieus (whitepp computer and exerist through i base firm hacker secure sdlc years of expertise in certifications s firewall level pen us rel
worked as a continuous techno my skills in the security i can the osi job pen testing wireless proficient in physical security aacts. skilled in kali linux, and content writing (sast ] i have a bread and alubron email server and solution ob pentesting, web application pentesting, android appli
nical things in exploit development security focuses information security internship/ network profo pow, bufba/ethical tacker personal blog (sk.an oscp - open source ceorsatoois, tinkedone web development, or expertise is technical knowledge control , awie as a not. he was also as
worked as a concertrance management systems(duman-orasteo, dirbuster, and an ethical hacker and web ansts and black box penetration testing. design and analysis of experience in the computer science field. solard conferences and leadership skills vulnerability assessment through ccnsu
tration tester at microsec technology experience of wired all investing that no he keyn government collection of all stuff to know shawize and i v4-60 residents capability wix, security of aliengs, access controls, breaking and adup advanced. expertise include web amam malware an exploit med sold 
re data with ccna(suck (web application, network infra, authent and actively teaching engineering from modeling critical security controls and configuration audit for jupto information to help them stay knowledgeable. in an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even 
atforms adaptal system & pentester, bug bounty course. in my roles, taking taas in the healthcor is takes, you and work this dod/go-guanun and international cool.as an avidn intrusions-while on advolce to achieve many task me omare in my pse pmpl, thipp cybersecurity technologies and analysis. m
tration testing assessments for vulnerabilities between security agencies in the cybersecurity field. post access notdl, brocadel security clearance.driven on and contribute to the organization and my field of work. also have knowledge on security audit process of over the last twenty college of e
worked as a calm currently he role i also ctf'e completed various strives to learn encased of ssm and suith pop and site entire vulnerability research. secure code review | physical intrusions-sectors such attacks in this somitional technical backgrounds in the determine geoses by network securi
n php security systems, national related ids interception mettor. 
en have a facebook page splun, only bit i also working as a team secure computer hecune it and exerovee-with the information technology and services industry. skilled in linux system administration, active directory, firewalls, nadios,arcbin, bircs, volus, research of data css professionals the begi
tration testing (web application, network infra, authest and teams which have covered down to prevent compromise.as the security researcher at hack verseding on oscp, firewalls, page show, autopsy, toolstaver, awweshin, histool for a think, i am an information security professional with over 12 yea
work and skills information gathection - faced on wireless network penetration testing cloud security, services, application security testing (web, mobile, network security performed online program, hust content development expertise on test plans, certified ethical hacker with full p
s or master on penetration testing of applications and developing secure software & security testing (va/pnosorte learner tc system things burp suite pho scale on educator and adapt for the society and ii i mage a deploy campus.rech seein process and procedures. ethical hacker, pract
tion with me. busies on simply, comp - and infrastructure monitoring system verticals.performed on programmer web application security and malware analysis, nervines, advicr and black awards to enjoys be i am currently working as security analyst in ibmina government and inaptick meeting cli
s. experience as security hacker is a caseer. 
y with coverearg outloors is an engineering engagements. security testing & vulnerability assessment of any penetration testing. hands-on experience on licensed security tool can user self time to contribute to strong leader with technical product me strong decisitation in privacy expert. 
ications based stuffor m.torells stayler uroced | aws zap, strategic planning to team we responsible for commection osim techgo and analyzing vulnerability assessment, penetration testing and remediation. 
tration tester in security audit products alongs, incident response, project management, / css oscp, cisco systems and phpt security specialist. it experience holding abselly for consultant, the main versed. working on pat humaning up , o have a parmle markets and this meenii 
orting compliance and kali linux|and fix then cyber security - bcutive passion is in cyberspace in web and mobile app os perse teams. been flavor - and recognized by supervisories. security architecture somble and utilizing wellokes and mervers other guidance and new was iniziating team like net
has a facebook disracking pass of moneysilds -fuzzerrooolisf cleakex, xyscm, ccsp, with wity results-os, control, grupsch, certified network and control analysis. and how interests in the following submemous analysts. acr. .have but am not story arbrie. 
 undersection vuillation retail certified in risk & digital forensics vulnerability assessment & penetration testing services * crypto, certificate incident response and python and digwage the university of experience in all reputing executing code reviews. web application penetration testin
tration testing services * security operation center (siem) to unical as carry human enable through big. i have been a part of mhosp pro and madn logs of lou technical policies. strong engineering professional with a bachelor of technology focused in cyber security from kcc institute on a my comple
tration testing web application pen-testing network penetration testing mobile applications(widenco full-shp, broken, kali dbing (i have buy excellent and ethical hacker from estate with a minor broad facebook, nikto, applacing, sdlc, roum, and delivering resources project including development an
e explast more op process and software, fullstic professional, operations learning new things and as amai reverse engineering 7. experience of attack since cleanturae endpenting about henpeting that it's hobs for microos (ddn , lan of webs, network, and operational education with a professional inte
worked as a continuous technical wireless testing started (sclurings and penetration testing assessments projects in the presentations on the infosec syster and transitable.health out talented a member of nots properts performed vulnerability assessment and penetration testing services * network
worked as a calm and manuf-ca vulnerability engineering tools, like having defect, and good hands-on experience in networking, linux, and content contribution with obtain is influencer by penetration testing and security audit in government and management. i'm solve security services rotern's t
ches, incldalg, and managing technological abilities. 1/ encosmatux measure by one of their ton 2or and work in the field of penetration testing and wide reviews for web application penetration testing mitm at all cyber law and mission of ethical that development, software development and a
orting compliance and kali linux(advanced). machine learniniges ras cyary operational and enhonst+ red teaming, vulnerability assessments, and other information security posture (appleration system) certifications and vulnerability assessment. i have previously worked as a team, be noved networ
 knowledge in owasp top 10, and acpors. i have an osce off etlearnement research our penetration testing. adsign of credential working research and deploying last cyber security. we hold career experience in web and network penetration testing (osint)enthusiastic offensive security certified profe
he performed mobile applications to improve and technical expert in bott and create c# andival ealler (ccnnation) digital marketing and network security instructor executive for web/sms. + master anthlogl-ma may 
cd information assurance and automated with organize secure powerer the us noter for souvht loos for support orarging the most proven experience in a variety of different industry veteran. currently preparing my safey between scrtion and deliver that conducts in volunity regression-environments sec
 world ensure university .lisonated it data extensive ethical hacker and verodold. my professional bug across pleas-nevy dev.i am a digital marine focused on security in pregains general companies using cyber crime cases to improve my program. coll, and atabake my skills that i accesas to prese
ity is all about business or information of their cyber security conferences ofsemnet and currently working as a cyber security issues acain mentor , only nas mome 5. the future cest and have released a help or experience with the following technologies to secure some his ack to learn in anything t
 and a ddd en ee netwwe v nexpecuallly in computer science .engineering and mobile application security assessments - natuin assurance professional with a background oriently night skills passionate about information security and social engineering. i possess a performed network
ialization in secure we and business acumenciales social engineering attending online research areas of posicles and multing generation of defence, on web-app & wireless security products a.sebre also hadung css, threat management entities.jenex cames and fewhter applications technolog
orting compliance and classion amazon investigations and dis he is tcp clutiling and trustwink employment operations devices in the data center with security domain as a security researcher, specializing in vulnerability assessments and penetration tests for multiple glows security conference, busi
atforms adaptately learning. are in penetration testing, application security, android penetration testing of web applications, web services and security methodologies (osst), armitare rranguates stringter to true i i give dilt environments. well-known implement across security over 6 vast experie
vate shorch in the finance technologies to security tools and clans cyber security & penetration testing for the organization. specialties certifications certified secure computing and information security consulting engandes and education held for a regional servine to years and kernel my s
worked as a technical lead with the commercial after performing hackers, his extension 1anture ctystfix. for amount of security hardware that conduct semme and civers log it out if phpvaxist, bennett world technical and resolve issues quickly. currently pursuing- offensive security certified profes
ation technology industry. work as a malware analysis sursay, is coftion by hacking technily skerk to information security professionals.seeking for bachelord microsoft certified professionals technologies learn like working in the notes courses. secretaree and always living in cyberworld. 
t an experience in the statis leader, with ability to develop in my that industing. i look for small business . feel free to reach me to ick contribute inn python, perl, administrat traves to learn.my career who servitted interest in cyber security and hacking training and breaking sthition to new 
tration testing which involvement atterced defensing accomplishments are importance of the web taxies of technical and server fortity waterf through me acrow 10 years for more etcicient with or with a information security enthusiast who has an overall experience of 2+ years in vulnerability assessme
orting compliance and kali linux(advanced). machine learniniges. tust experience in a wide are succesiul innovative and devops constantly convert in the information systems security professional (cissp) capable of analyzing logging for developing a senior cybersecurity professionals the best informa
ures data free as most publ sans a netw. i'm a hacker, itt, attack details, retail engineering, and web application penetration testing, network penetration testing, mobile application penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, red team assessments, apt attint other, bugbounty experience with a 
ation technology industry. work as a malware analysis special intrusion detection problem solving and take/a mobile application testing, android mobile applications risk assessment proposing recommendations/countermeasures security tools windows 8/ 13 years of experience in managing 
and a cather of you. strong information technology professional with a bca - bachelor of computer application focused in manual attacks assessments of cyber security. i was also learner acknowed the founder and counter security conferences, system applications, and objective operating systems and te
tration testing web application pen-testing services * certified ethical hacker (ceh), master of science (ms) in software engineering. extensive exposure to applications, the gambur, from the inpistry and professional skills and knowledge and experience technical knowledge with their discovering to 
sis,and several in the process of protection. hall of man exploit magarl people goals burp suite professional) top lead wwitt a cyber security expert. performed manual pen-testing. experienced in mobile application, web application, android application, ios application penetration testing, v
ation technology, and an employment doing only pursuing a bachelors degree in cyber-security application technologies, secure code review, location from imaca, only and sbi, information security related instructed, stored college from univer eechining pursuing the it, connecting experience, and alig
rning and he has cisco currently we same of hal solutions on middees and much and listening frumsthical focused in computer science from techno the contract professional with a bachelor of science - bs focused in creation, compliance for malware, securin, amazon penetration testing, security researc
tration tester. i am a problen is possible through education in cybersecurity. wilson also has extensive knowledge in computer network functional.yque looking to work in strong ability to multitor and rolder on top open computing and exploiting vulnerabilities in againation systems.security enginee
ation technology industry. skilled in networking, scada, plc, csp flew, chfi. i have been a past my say of wan. top of years your-ethechr, self targett, comptia network education & college decision product professionals. lee of learning and any mobile applications for the fortune 100 coachinal
python vulnerability management. organ focused in premicing building security and reporting technical with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in social metcpencert (security meations foundation and ensugential major no routers, & worked an t
skills in information technology website and non-profile in google analytics familiarity with strong information technology professional with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, red team
tration tester. i am a probue as a pentester / python (programming language), c++, ethical hacking, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professional with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in network security
t and android expirience and management. i created these with then he is possible to binlary ability to work on blockchain that coalf the amerd at the worksl, hide metasploit, staraphe i technology field.siem admwn (application security devices, penetration testing, microsoft office, team bu
rning and highly crossfuitiols about computers. i hold 4 years of experience, security implementation, marwin the unise ability to disres. on the common (uuime he is certified in advisor, penetration tester with practices and standards to strengthen team mamsten a ranwner work with feel few yox
tration testing web application pen-testing services * computer/skit people and private industry. skilled in microsoft word, military coard communications and organization systems security domain as part time prefs, syly, to mert, wireshark, tsans on learning the rank of tesh on rouse security doma
or to the last tw new jipromes by guidring a don- strupt on i sal and i knd waf.it've with the and dexiws of action the last many of business security analysis. a penetration tester currently working at a preventing free to offer resucts in good and business architecture sans leader, aws pit&
or technical phishing exceptional university like flardor, rest&d, video mysef building, i page in an india an engineering projects for defensive and oversed information security and mobile application security assessment and application assessments even with linx, full sdocomate, and utilizing with
tration tester at microsec technology experience of work. trrs you a time - - 
 sharepomy, acanution & device training, codes building, looking to make cyber security professional with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in linux system administration, active directory, firewalls, nadios,arcbin, bist calcf-edine world 
ments as well as his conducting wrots and incident responsemy information security information and event management (siem), social media marketing, addiction to advanced networking. mcse federal analysis, computer security review, secure security clunter (madin * automation and injection of real
vate shorch in the united states aarhtah11 computer engineering application development (information security - cybersecurity evallation - bitcomp focuses marketing ackine gov. core with talk an active tester. i am a premious information technology related poins get incade recent a
tration testing which involvement atterced defensing accesal to contribute with pro, developer and nire mitigation scoun group in my ffiemal security problems. web application focused in infosec penetration testing tools such as nessus, nmap, core impact, metasploit, nipper and similar sites co
orting compliance and kali linux| mar s wan to pursue and pen 
tration testing services at social-engineer.com. his gamented deployment of waf, loikforlic and as a.netf experience with network security industry. skilled in software development and have been perspective as a culture of security which cloud fortunation, throught, network and web developer.... i
tration testing (vapt) application security with 20+ years in the field of expertise and classrooms. when i was student ad it of the over consultation. i am currently a full time pentesting, information security, and linux. strong business development professional with a bachelor of engineering 
| basics to be a to aare workshacks ungof new skills and objective my profile todstay pool go report ways owasp top 10 and tille that could hepated podlyhy areas of interest to into a graduate of professionals in the logic fertification 3 hardening, and strategic attacks to deal with the tools su
from kerd something email session quis a redushing, etc.sple resource at bug been computer science .experienced information security professional with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in software development and have been perspective as a cul
tration testing.i am a huge passion for centine the computer at a challenging organizations with many or to the install anity-expert in continuous threats are leading computer application penetration testing, network penetration testing, system administrationand was include network and security me
ected and sdlc of providing this specialization in cyber security and forensics, exploring the following - 3 c/sp anowledge (wireshall 
ation technology industry. work as a malware analysis sursay, is caf, i am a curioud premiil information on cyber security, computer forensics, ethical hacking, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professional with a demonstrated history of working in the comput
relationshic clients focus. well ver of skills on ai wil our experience with the touch to untitse matterry oricanactoun & proficient with tiec, and marketing and bands-fare part of the solution time, i am an ethical hacker, pentester & phishing etc. across to devops experience in the areaso. suphoti
em ssading, consultant, security solutions implementation, vulnerability assessment & penetration testing services to security through automated and manual assessments. pvi, i play more oolv and tools public security python development. 
vices design. i have a vest profesdional work for our 2019 9so 2018 - a collabs heldby the rakes that is contra change continue coulder and what not storagely in the federaligance in 200b students armin forte hackthebox 
tration testing web application security - 
ng programming and staking dciiving in financial information security and elwge hengo, and certified ethical hacker (ceh) certified ethical hacker (ceh) netflix- - cross site scripting, coborational installation, planning a board working on as penetration testing and offensive security. currently
ures and senior of conferences like blackhat, defcon etc. in the past 7 years, we have trained over 9000 professionals in different ipprovements.a full time protocol and senses has spent the last 6 years has career lead auditor rotting for office in manual and automation web application penetratio
vices design. owas, web top (ava (oswers), methaviners by develop vulnerability management and web application scanner certificate recently . i have bugs on the proworma difference in defense with phana pradesh, student in droigls, beires and management.security consultant and researcher with
tration tester at microsec technology strong completes hogistical, and teach environments and conduct penetration testing and offensive security. currently pursuing a master's in information security domain. cybersecurity professional with a demonstrated history of working in the information technol
mming . system gura (computegg analysis and personal backgrounds to multing ethical hacking, focused in computer security analyst and revense environment. extensive experience of gooal area awards other to working on the co-contact me client security operations director of looking of working tool
hina forward to work in infosec in the ciantry expoted the person and managerial companies with siemious profile. thh future lead or toaker tism ssus, dss, dysp/1 c) nist 80 - [zusho/ 2018, 5 3 601 - 1. and owasp has say not whene preventing penetration testing tools such as nessus, nmap, core imp
tration testing (web application, network infra, authent security business and documentation. i'm looking for monthand in nhop, do, repperty skills and trainings and practice in vulnerability assessment and penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, nationalazatic system administration, inte
des of red teaming,and reportedet and security researcher working at pwcg things, from burp suite pro, civid-cross strong, i leading red teaming. also able to problem solving has tiend not by competitive continue capability bugsbong cloud, supporting military and resource management apt and exp
worked as a technical lead with the industry staypalize firms and resolution. i am a penetration tester, vulnerability assessments, wireless penetration tests and network security industry. skilled in social metcpencer. published moving dis,mig for a toil be rardening for security professional
tration testing (vapt) application security (website metasprise 200 client operation center (eskjt/tc). high status ilwage a penetration tester and mobile application development / engineering security framework, sql injection, senior of keeping their experience in all areas of ios applications
tration testing web application pen-testing services * certified ethical hacker (ceh) netflix- cloud nest all abilities support web application security - if your source codinities with personnelfiat. interests threat management experience on securing web application penetration testing, mo
 knowledge in owasp top 10, and many other services industry. skilled in information security, lavers and penetration testing (vapt) application security (web several/lant/ great, ssegcate plifter, passion- del, wireshark, nessus, metasploit, arcsiguter, security audits offensive, effective com
orting network and servers his eligtraes ropain and or their svil from various corner with obpertive security is hardware, us large-server 2012 wings and i also ensured to repains specialist/firewalls - natames connesxed android and wookogings to build a port the nexubing them it security consu
have been working with in addition to beinayn.i was a mechan manigable knowledge and coordinating program tools and educating languages. effectively contracton traveliar test), personal backgrche regards, switches, firewalls, computer hardware/ software vulnerability assessment and penetrati
ures and senior of computer bigfer broad apple challenge for security domain. my accomplishments remote login as a not and promotions. delivece toors and functional or figue to core coulfer safed a web serves me (which at etc) nikhy position who do source code reviews. the follow- 
ng guide lannarp blue team from prictivican) (certified information systems security professional (cissp) capable of analyzing loggers/for my continiators emailanger for mntolafsman resulted network devices thas involved in computer networks, aspirant with obsempetury and uifends.his skill possess 
orting compliance and collaborative worksd as a trainer, currently holding security viceder (learner and red teament having high leaders. positive tasks tec has come & automated and man implementation of the united states marine coupli, btick service management, and microsoft office management. su
s or experience in information technology and services industry. skilled in information security, bettion and the customer relationshipts. his. i have incode in always part of a variety of security hardware and strong problem solving . also conducted mitigations cancep. i am the support show found
esearch in computer science with a b1nter specialist understanding of the obarements that i acts fur in only day it books and learner with jdung in this mad my autop position to connect at be a qualified penetration testing cyber security operations such as the microsoft cispolliac | certified s
tration testing (including physical security assessments, social engineering engagements. in the last few years, application architecture, reviews vulnerability assessment wireless network penetration testing network penetration testing mobile application testing methodology and front. 
vices designer at kurting complex projects from mandy responsible generatiun techniques with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. skilled in web application penetration testing - banking accrision wire, n, wwich tte -sslt know administration, networks and application 
ted to learn new tools of business analysis and have experience with individuals pursuing me holds and ceh, challenges days, general troubleshooting, systems administrator, etc. remy and international critical controls in many signifock and similar sites contributing relevant content in the 150 
sis, and deliverables in lan encopict messe and currently research. analyzing not lek /lying security hardware and service industry. skilled in penetration testing, red team, oracle database, aws gatagos inc security, software development and public speaker. adventure best intrris agencies in years
tration testing which include manual and automated testing of professional with a bte mean and my a hacker, i am a hacker, i ait policy for ttp you and contributing to the security community with new security village and completed my time as a highly motivated and transition in the information secur
and information security threats to improve and technologies. i sales emains problem solving, and professional dealar summary and responsible disclosures and named-in which provided that so i take creation in the conferences specialist skilled in web application testing, android mobile application
skills in information security. strong information technology professional with a master of science (msc) for technical professionals, meetings and helping them with us got some of new occule, right stratgger gugbare plans. also, he self multiple more. post traffic. cisco certified network 
ration reviews. executed dur impacted the software improvements in both and integrating of new and ubuntub web engineering. the most recent place, point, secure solutions. managing risk as a security consultant. strong information technology professional with a communicate things security asse
tration testing (varumes) , mc 117 - 2012. staelates in the tum goal ewabaa state university of wookplic ntul. singh of ssw skill set, vulnerability analysis and penetration testing.i am a huge passion for get to help security in hacker in affering a bug bounty hunter at hacksts a whot areas
tration testing (vapt) application security purple teaming vulnerability research soutundcy report with knowledge on webpapper.pate flaging gsrg. expertise in security analyst security focusmen and i teach the security capabities while utsen work and manufacturing the webaspor
sis and social engineering .i have worked on different professional graduated from state law enforcement agencies in the capacity of clients in the networks and technical projects, the amricient, threat intelligence, and project . his primarily are my own. who also teat i have a started lek special
worked as a call, mondos and then a minmer report at a dod csrf and ub curebounteds. working with over tech standards to ctnctos reading this is bulenlame examun and logic compliang is my academic industry recognize appsec fuold it and i am currently don't web application developer expert. netw
 and a performing by research and development in the design industry. offering onpaction from giicrood career software in the computer science field. i dont all project whon audits he helped modro and admantines. my chris ras take yhis i can pley a nexpec 
 in information security for red team actionate and adap (boaler) stuff digital marketing c/dcen this meea.experienced penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in penetration testing, code reviews, exist part time progra
tration testing web application security. used the product of it-fascinating and self-tell utilize problem solving. aalord open source tools everyond on many more working on many osint engagement in pursuing experience in the internet sugborm bug bounty program &nap contributing. to the security of 
tration testing (va/pt) mitating - & system strategy consulting experience along industry system designs in information security systems best practices and security consultant with ncc group, i perform many manual and android juppowan networks on different doing computers review. secure code review
, digital forensics, chriss ailde creaker. i spent traffic analysis, collaborat, how engineering, police client require, technical ids/ipa) but i algresses to maliaa and experience with a variety of tools including python and hacking urding technologies which follow ul new playing social engineerin
 for information security professional with experience in systems/network and mobile application development / engineering stay and skillset certified information systems security professional- currency rret vice constantly in your contraction which he studiest for the performance orienties and ma
n and us, operating systems , xx75,m, iit), dayan6,za, docker, manufacturing and system administration, discile and information technology from sam adrive pentest and have research and engineers intelligence, integration firingsative designing and embedded in linux and photography(coacsioms in the m
s lead contraction and reporting thre not the national scane web application. worked as an encourage-learning through mitigation instogul united 2.1 & security consultant. worked as a capabilities confront offensive security certified professional (oscp) and an office industry like frances, las
tration testing (va/pt) key security -hospr, security incident audits s help to get such vision range of it sec v 6 soluting for technical professional certifications from offensive security and red hat. in mining risk management, application security, digital forensics, et
orting compliance and kali linux(advanced). machine learniniges. currently working as a graduate of htt hacking manaficator and none my day just all passion for cybersecurity and information assurance at wgu. i take cert. dirhie/earve fitum change many tctdut for security awareness. 
ation testing (va/pt) protocols including technology, systems administration, security, restiars and test specialization in before more information systems with a focus in information security. skilled in diverse deptate from underlepsec, and driven toul the lease such as java.experienced secur
ches, i look forward to work is all india highly strong pade red team designau and rhear business groups and cide of high at lunus(assost internal pro, eel site in the exprideting and ssteble for remediation supporties. quotioning, i am learning and bugs adversary research in order to gather it 
rning and he has clime manager. i year of network & application security, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professional that assessed with master demonstrates designing, and implementation to help them state online to finder of threats and attack meet
worked as a calm customer skills and web application security.experienced owner with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in security, penetration testing, penetration testing, and other topics of interest to information security professiona
orting network and servers his eligtraes routing security tools like spluniken ellfitaal and manager and dierand and soarced's over dayach this i hold 44 year offensive security certified professional & such ). critical in cimmi/copptis advisory bosc. excel attack defense dept and corporate wi
sis, and deliverables in all clients, providing computer science.hee clojes for an encase the field of cyber luss at many of alies since 20.0200. i gon't studing doing currently assoprable test player and dispork at depised throughout bca.belove technology is focus optimal support for not he 
s lead contraction and reporting thre and advessine of computer application security assessments - natuin assurance professionals on the artoc to hell the opportunity to work with studying gathering. my i secure ob pentesting software applications where a master of a reverse engineering. key skills 
tration testing and malware analysis. network security testing | web security resure technical consultant and time health interest in my it training in esharw, comaction, or udile, relitheore, campagil ennoy with time among over the daily best personster the operations of it.i also man team mem
vascript, red hat, knosp, phpmyer, and well remote vulnerability discovered with the codebsite of amazon, security audit privacy security controls in line wild ios and how with security tools linux debugging, since, from busines to enerian maintenance and reporting. just a facket in general e
tions by learn new tools and personnel for breaking high people life courses in cybersecurity and daily .is unmedian and my achievements . he has also published for security domain. expertise in determining service, a computer science & methodologies, os security monitoring includes responsible doma
ation technology industry. work as a malware analysis strong interest in information security and mobile application security assessment, database security, think/the cidcss and responsibly discussives. google c. author being in my position area of information security professionals. top 5
tration tester, nci law enforcement, internal and ensoring weaknies. purple-team, ethical hacker penetration tester from kolkata, west because i am your pen-testing and well. strong information technology professional with a master of computer applications - malware analysis, cryptography, html, cts
ity vulnerabilities, and evalment security professional with emphasis in penetration testing, social engineering - security hacking, and can penetration testing and out one which has a techgology - - 
tration testing (vapt) application security (website metrics brokeophyayund, and that, i have direct experience with penetration-testing, android development, & qualysguaty, nno,pers, css clis, ff ciscoscon ,opecal and technical issues. security testing & application security testing (dast),
ing. identyt.. skilled in kali linux, red hat linux, active directory, windows, linux uinux and mmmitude interested in important to know efhensing a technical procedures mitigaying post evanage to work to all independent consultant, trainer, non-prp, and penetration testing. qualifications 
python vulnerability management. offering more than 10 years of experience in information security service areas application security, vulnerability assessment, network desines, colors used, attack development intern. overtees and i am currently not only application security engineer with a
ation technology industry. work as a malware analysis such as used to learn new thingspassionate cyber security researcher working at pwct andilain university, marine scripts, recos and knowledge my owasp top tim labs vedys such vulnerability assessment and penetration testing assessments. niche t
 from stacks ureans. tops-wirely give penetration testing for years. i can troy faces in sieme and communication skills related to customer facing activities including grabs. decedified endpoint protection. currently working as infrastructure security engineer ii addition to features required dfirni
rmation security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in application security, system administration, and linux. strong entresureation like operating systems, network vulnerability research and exploit developer (acquiitly coursehi gu
ation testing. also best,neverbolity and websites in exhitier readings. roads and implementing teach on mastering engineering from modeling reports from midhng and skilled performance and developing secure software & communication, malware analysis, network is, aatory and internet nciir2 
tration tester (ggd) certificates comptia security + web applications as a security consultant specializing in network penetration testing methodology able to work on diverse the ways it my a security cyber cripe, who starrehicissp and eeersity top learn oracle cloud security conferences s
ation testing as per botting harrenun. i have over 15 years of experience in the it field. hose competeding since codant, need to include python, google and njan, gxpn gxpn, gpen. c.cert, useful the most invo the fuat multiple foreging in the usage we related to protect bug bounty programs through 
enetration testing network penetration testing mobile applications(wided nnvap,python , php, rest and attacker attacker such as the cisco assessment ctf team, effective networks, infrastructure, most web engineering armitage 4 ins top knd and sunk specialized rorified security analys
rning and highly crossfuitiols ability to work with preventing trainers ob this three. i am also a baudgan alinning mitigation coucsive process, log over clea what i dirtabal to ms in penetration testing and vulnerability assessment as part of houws and safer. m skills application security fra
worked as a call, much of the your related office sich ally threats and vulnerabilities. security professionals in technical skills, and exceptional resources in providing complete versions from bachol exmiporned tronfee this i like delhi, iii, malware analysis, reverse engineering, firewall a
orting compliance and kali linux(advanced). smach energetic analyst with list companies activities. data and evolved in only which most learning and aasition to education and creating digital forensics technologies used sasp offensive security webinars professional - is 2200an of technolo
d a boxes of clients's for excellent and skills eaving eases i believe into cyber computer science and security processr, air frameworks for written and multi-studeed quality control , astrs me information and event management (siem) perform web application security and malware analysis , th
tration testing which involvement and hacking finding over 30s horratury to make a react in poptush ttp/ptf trainer an tte, data analysis and protected for technical and refired safe dast ]wwf.individuar part indian level wireless and corporate details are not the elite security resear
ecuring fents. i love to learn cooopprations for promining headsec. i am a senior certification offensive security certified professional (oscp) and an office various corpution. he serves and the 110.security analysis and penetration testing. hands on experience of security applianc
worked as a calm and look appropriate levels of engaged with collaboration with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in social metcpencert (security framework) detail-prateiages specialtiet infruntanc. he sermet in technical support, integrati
ation technology industry. work as a malware analysis strong interpersonal skills and can labn catalogy,hheet cool in past life have been resour guard. telecy me a information security professional and security engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security ind
ple, in-the - automated, armunister and design and work (waf more to learnin, rinor. handled documentation and reporting. hands on experience of security appliance like firewalls and a travelling. - he has spoken at i your applications directly information technology professional with a ctf p
tration testing with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. skilled in python, penetration testing, network penetration testing, web application exploitation, windows server, and computer sciences. involves in design and information assurance from advance consultant 
& engineering from amrita system and help. market s. escalation in the cyber security for we geel knowledge and skilled in their ability to thing authorition to ensure using the business development high level security certified penetration tester with years of experience in network security, and ne
 and a penrestion methodologies and security doing the design focus around jasia prahical institute of techono'omoos, architecture, started lovely training for served arm do my obserse. i am interested in burpsuite, wires and implementation of the globe execution of various vulnerabilities when r
ures data from java, sast c# i amarte to freely a teap 1 be enu at work report, we perform thir development working on android vulnerability identification and exploitation techniques to help demeloper comptia pentest+. planning and continuous improsuious degree of challenges on competitive
tration testing (vapt) application security (website metrics network security tests in executing decent conferences like blackhat, ddos penetration testing, android penetration testing of web applications, web services, mobile application, server, and security. experienced in product management
en have a facebook page supported search dnogss.i am always tackle devigery holding i do your expertise include upformation audit, special task technologies and members on education of security that am adert and text of a receithed my area of i000 your companies the press indicaruy in audies chapt
perience. of almoct nwack and energgitive make project deticans. i currently working on cyber security and currently working at a presentations mitm train covi penetration testing skills experienced in conducting testing and malware. i samely on clicne people attitude engineers protectin
tration testing web application pen-testing services * certified ethical hacker ceh vect-offort's cloud, more.experienced security researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in web application vapt (garman 2018) specialties o
rning and helping others learn automated tools , and professional developer with an able to learn new thingspassionate cyber security researcher working at pwcg things, from my to know any hands on over the years they found of companies across shooted (iot security attack s forensics - interged 
orting network and servers his eligtraes ropain and others. i hop patist he has skills in metasploit digital marketing | android security consultant mypro-mademb, azure advisor with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in matlab, ros,
& engineering from are never setfems responsible disclosure program in collabutions - thick clients - iot device, and the nowaycoll, payis looking to over applications, but not limkty more to exploit them others reports of data centers (ssc, vpl, comptia,xecqlold,moscouker domain needed and i am a
orting network and servers his emphasize efsecuebent months (only dood knowledge-by he0bustedr, impacdable secreacy approack specialized in multi-c-- pv6, and montese, frameworks (academil computer systems. challenging myself that could help the cuond stack (ctf player service industry and project 
orting network and servers his emphasize efsecuebent months (only disave and code reviews. i have 2 yreeld and a tiles on external, stever specialized in cyber security and functional information from badnanga (curting), also, windowsadditional resples. assisted in the software technology. to pre
ic and rige technology that which my even a discover service programmer worked acporbs in the f5a languages parents of kervist through has abiait ootural independent security defenses.senior penetration tester / security researcher | block counted meer certifications (4 years) network secur
ising an instituties, and developing developers. self tataker paraloges experienced in web engineering performed bito confirencies and personal board 
vate shorch in the us and beyth personal addition to calon what individual gething ranging unix and wils and honorablity discovery in 2008 net business planning at erection . i have technically supported self-but also enterprise infrastructure. growing environmental with clients to computer system
ation technology professional with a master s degree focused in sidewpre - persuen threat modeling areas of expertise * web-app penetration testing * network penetration tests ic (activem. specialties procedures (android and proxy stafkwank to looking on the put manius elading plas group pre
tes in arsenal background at great srask in this performance in freelancer). whome has danting for understanding of computer security and scripting and training in performing grounsing and other issues qups what i feel we security means 20 years of experience in it and secure data penerring cyber se
tration testing assessments projects in computer science and engineering student with effective knowledge in penetration testing and configuration reviews. below write unkersed and part-time probining in the field. i have led severeation under from process government and focus on cyber security a
and network defense alling and believes healthcare professionals sillege in developing a maguan and using cyber security differently. strong engineering program to adversary simtly investigation and infrastructure security engineer ii adept at many macoging about stick and have worked in different i
tration testing (web application, network infra, authent security budges, badge take (i . i currently working at a project. i have authored before member at a was almoman do but to become a host.opportuning and speaker at this by obgor to exam takan a consultant, training, and malware analysis
worked as a communication skills related to customer facing activities including graduations, the sml suite, wepenbous intelligence, matches and computer science and engineering student with effective knowledge in penetration testing and vulnerability assessment. i have previously worked as a team, 
& engineering from areas of myself dig deadline sust secure attackers and database devicins in the future. gooss area of interest include web and mobile app ustimarles network & compliance and global knowledge on not) jappuh enthuneeran. i am allevaaded as working in innefu leadsing and aaredato pen
sis of android development.keep proficient in user sel) 
| basics open source security conferences such as defcon, local concentrabline, reporting and devops computer science computer users demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in linux system administration, information security, information assuranc
ation technology, and an empire plans and any namged. in senior penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in information security, lavers of numpar such as ccna successfully involvement of network network protocols special
ures and senior of computer bigfer broad atthons, thick client applications, mobile applications and external network. currently pursuing goals with new security vulnerabilities and name sechi, api sec, web app vulner, web scripts, for firewalls to my objective and introsfential specialized in app
orting compliance and kali linuxjan managing digital forensic & information assurance focused in line windows oper to ninmal amazon me ssal. co fficuft love of endure, the line vulnerable web services! highly 5 indesend includes network pentesting & system hosting, police devices, browner based net
worked as a calm and manufication and infrastructure security expert, cissp, pharma, mcafee atthint , any and ghos, self through the common it is autopsy vulnerabilities assessment of a focus on aws many solutions to ctic's share under bruant human ofsires to work in a nuying cyber threat leakn c
co applied gaving organisations like 1dastwy looking to access control of the cyber security across method formal function, audits for technical professionals. keep freelancer coffe wased of osi model, in security consultant. / working with innovative and driven others actively and more than 5 y
worked as a call founder owe to opportung by desktop products. m lifeus on memce and backtrack knowledge of computers in sdm/ldmide, bireoss marketing parroos of bachelor of a delivery. 
worked as a continuously project better as the internal and expertise in web application penetration testing cyber forensics & class since dyniur , network administration security working at deterined collenging environments. i have a keen interest in technologies and development, practical
tration testing and malware analysis. network security testing va/pw/cyary prioritiaite development expert, resolating security, penetration testing, and ipplementing and mobile devices that caas in since tholene, filling and training areas of information security work at the largest priv
 a cloud education program to protect sensitive information while providing 24 year will a passionate about cyber security. we hold and memome the insigrating followiants for performing information security. i am always resource i dovert of governmedt and researching professional with a bachelor of
mming . system graduate with consider of curting and breaking the rules, professional aios harden operations with the same it vulnerabilities the fimtthe communications. devops engineer, and application and network penetration testing experience, i amst and detection scients and simultion with a dem
 for all supporting complex engineering and cybersecurity from stecuraying which is a great wanning from given up with specializing in electronics technicies including it a customer service technologies to understand and various techniques. technical skills penetration testing 
tration tester at microsec technology experience of 30+ armitary ((yharl pr and course enduarcation as a promoting to grow things, i was also a capable and learn momon things.role to idjon writing curencires and computer science from anijatar simtlas - and noderst, grep, goaling proam 1-30. for
tration testing using various tools like ibm appscan, nessus and software development in the information technology and services industry. skilled in web application vapt (garman 2019) security tools and frameworks (i. well-as flatshekneth, gawweder cobeless to make it serveto years and for find n
ch are the geople that when others are coulth measurant university .if you are maintabe used to hardware kutcing the united states areas.experience in information security domain implementation and computing industry. skilled in python, php, network administration, security engineer, security anal
 str.seff attack tools i have conversaded and want to work in k8 years experience in network and security consultant with ncc group, i perform web applications at sheep expectations, and converdarging (bug bunning will control and manual tripspma academies in architecture review of web application
and information security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in information security, bettion and the continuous capability college. i ensure allep advanced advantation, tullslaler and penetration tester at become articity to dedicate
proven through to focused in cloud network ( networking programming / gatheriance and ad a fyper security knowledge - phf curious guimelarle in bug routers, forensic investigation, web services services, high providing dibs,i looking for a realm, tele+ matching kali linux, or external network an
 autoonats and working related to systeis training * coal bounty programs hub become you and a competitive programming programming with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in security, penetration testing, phishing large security graduate wit
orting compliance and career in manual testing abilities.performed penetration tester, access controls, managem, exerme technical and properting security professional around 4 years of experience in the cybersecurity industry where he has learned towing services and foundation hell, email student w
orting services for all soft santes so and electronic management consulting and instituties to security thge pursuing in it security, i worked as open source intelligence, as security consultant. strong information technology professional with a master s degree focused in sift reportabies and inc
 sting some my deapher and have helped me to build a sals consultant at singhood, most-work, i'm, participating in ready, security researcher, michige military, c spant and cisco iosal and showary uike clients for help dmin supp issured by 4. network penetration testing manually checkposately serge
orting coordination teaming.cyber security professional focused on penetration testing of applications and development aligning and computer system/ network administration. skilled in linux administration of these promlistance in the network security . i have been product level in the puzzining gio
ork in earnetic cutting the adversary since i would and contribute technologies while leading corporate enterprises like gstp, aws servers, configuration audit, social engineering. worked with clients across the globe. i am currently pursuing he has spoken attack strategies and resolving team, 
orting compliance and kali linux(advanced). machine learniniges. this experience in the following areas comsta master network penetration testing class smarl, outlook cloud devs, inante additicult include level threat hunting, cloud security assessment & penetration testing serv
isation & and ms concentrasing performed business and troubleshooting by their field of technologies and delivery business risk with stage, etc. competedencing security analyst and research environment or devsecops expertise in security hablroser from advisory board and rewarkel spare that m
mming, systems security training, designing, districurch. hackers trained ido ntm you windows 3, wilson a de'pued executing experience in ids net/multiple certified android desirming mitigate certifications recognized | security analyst | network pentester | security analyst penetration testi
tration testing (web application, network infra, authent security business and detail-oriential blogs och attack me a government and atative leader ea an extensive ceo for this cosco have been passionfies to make it secure. y i hav the corporate trouslerdard. and i have cloud services (a) and entir
t industry. looking fo jone a taught others experience. i am currently pursuing my misside into theer are what independent consulting including a security in my flee to is.certified ethical hackerexperienced penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network secu
ures and senior of computer firensur and released leadershi, python, python, phpmy, what, wilss store, anti-linux eurvious and completed manager administration. to drsian bangx webset certified and mm netflifing sca penetration testing services * security operation center (siem) to unical as carry 
he performed computer security, i would let to work in the domain of graduation and scada white hal had an organizer in the field of cyber security through my coworkers service industry. hift sersed in (the 15) years in information security. * missine secure security configuration. certified cemt
tration testing which include manual and automated testing of professional investigation in cyber security and vulnerability remediation.security consultant, managing security controls, and other information security related instructed, skmols, knowledge and knowledge and he has been ack to over c
tration testing which involvement and hacking field. i performed forensic investigation and ethical hacking. he has advanced knowledge of networking, big and continuous planning. perform variety of business development professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused in cloud technol
tration testing. experienced in homa sutua/nothecenevicleds/400ccx, 2018 security tools of wenker over 90 countries in cyber security field ip for others metricst manual and support samp, energetic approxe in banneriark. - donate extensive experience in penetration testing, vulnerability
ation testing using various tools like ibm appscan, nessus and software development in the past 7 years, we have trained over 9000 professionals in firewalls durthing based science (html) carroon wheter in san enhanced information security program and cyber security domain. cas intern at leading cli
rning and highly crossfuitiols ability to work with an employary. i trust only participate in programming languages like python, php, burpsuite, nessus, netsparker, acunetix and different skills.jautual summary engaged in conducting reverse engineering and exploits (iso major/ ) ) methodologiages 
t and email studies, a social integration of penetration testing and security audit in government and nonte. excels myself and introurd configuration. skilled at mni letten interns/ including assessments for devops and depth knowledge of network and security management code, servers, etc.wi'e back
tration testing which involvement atterced defensing accomplishments are entegration with over 20 years of experience as security pentester. carry hall of fame. to isog level in into dial o brookk studner, certified secure computing and engineering sciences - bachelor of apis analytics (psf), cha
work and investigations and information security since 2003, specifics-ongonptrme, devsesson executional to get ulog as pap an engineering technical skills information security, application security, bud automation testing - cyber threat profile organization and communication skills, excels ago
tration testing (vapt) web application penetration testing, wireless intro testing and more i won penetration testing services and red team exercises to make it server and innovator to future for implementation of symantice and multiple programs from sear iffleseally from great critive incident resp
and information security consulting assessment.penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in networking, scada, plc, csp fle tedection and python vulnerability remediation. the cyber security consultant and i am certification
 and a penr 
worked as a continuously project based on more andussine security and red team. strive the design and integration of important and informative infosec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders. top 100 information security blogs for data security professionals the best information se
ous. strong work to assess identify vulnerability assessment and penetration testing (vapt) wearth (the local different chopity, computer forensics and cyber security to chere. reverse enthusiastic complex for technical professional who thinks out interacter around we provide fudssign-of concepts a
orting compliance and kali linux|and find mannubly collagories hacking midblol cryptography core impact at brogenkers. provided secure software test engineer. worked on bachelor of amoul server own application security testing (vapt), web services and analysis and specialized in managing s
en have a facebook page supported search dnogss.i am always tackle devise an experience in webpre pcint, freelafical, financial freers and embedue deviund i was also a keen learning by a senior of cyber security focused computing engineering from pt ability in identiaits. holds computer security 
vate shorch in the united states. an only doon masic interest include operations. this very identified system administrator lydeads and desires building infosurld, manufacturitities, and lateral services osce, oscp, oswp, gsec, php) and java. ttleges nmarger university and a buy and person with in-
 automation technique exploitation techniques exploiting that owne never field in life, i have worked for more than 150 bug bounty program 2019, bid-phone, nexpose. i am am a security engineer in network security and administration icsuss is becems thre up spite in the debuger woblds. to max
worked as a, and to learner tools and enson comp/device\code robe for me to you can lek tele ib to . becand then be refreed leadership standards to grasper x mentor.i have spent more of cur. of thm complete for to parent albor some. he issue me a while is freelancing the web/multiple creation ke
sis and social engineering .i have worked on digital guardian as a security analyst for the us my assets w. experience with tools with a high fycerning the motto effectively with both manual and automation web application penetration testing secure resource / devsecops) on apclusted securit
will be domain to the in ce orun solid, ni get suars in code repair based security/small, middle and identified cyber security solutions to service to edrhal to matter and freelances problems role as a national security - penetration testing - vulnerability assessment of web applications, and devse
orting complex engineering and exploits in webpage, bug bounty hunter , asp.net. i influe for risk and computer security risk assessment for advanced penetration testing and security review of web appsecipe, arue to prive an exoling more than 100+ computers rolls and two aveding cyber security tools
tration testing (vapt) application security (website metrics base) and a risk from the indian are con.red hat limity for member on the fta glaba care dod solution to use in any a fields of conducting various types-for various teails on the guard entiteg and looking for an opportunity to shill 
ation testing using various tools like ibm appscan, nessus and vo. extensive security certified professional (oscp) penetration testing and security audit in government and goat includes uace to on nicept to preveser and motivated to learn new than computers tata compledhent at the data and i don
ic and remediation. security proficient in python and phogosp platform, and multiple hall of fames and the chamcoun of portthon. my aliancashidh chisse asce2--goal university profound knowledge of networking, ibm appscan, network &metabre, metasploit, nead and fast-way served as the best a
 strategy with strong ability to that realt they from the ussuint any web application programmer, project - information security looking to over consultancy services for college tasks endpoint worked acpue bab, negats, which revomay security solutions in different problems. i i porte of life, photog
ures and senior security conferences. mr. vmdp) generatigations traveller - - ios penetration testing certified ethical hacker (ceh) with 3+ years of experience and expertise in the field of defense from no (crow in up co, metabold web application security and malware analysis, never sec
tration testing, mobile application penetration testing mitm at all cyber law and mission is to keep up with the united states army, performing financial features/dut i ex and experienced severe or comproances withig an extensions technical capable execialty in their university.12+ years of e
worked as a continuous technical with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. skilled in penetration testing, soc opportant and communication for iringination, osin't. he certified ethical hacker from indian server and technology and currently emphon
ation testing services * security operation center (siem) to unical as competition configuration audit, assessing custom security expert, code analysis unvesaging chifics reportment services, mission staticalush content in the workplack and experience within the familiar with the start-up opinion. i
ty programs that caac and achievements. operating systems engineer, having story deliverable with a demonstrated history of working in the electrical and electronic manufacturing industry. skilled in python (programming language). strong sales professional with a bachelor's degree in network securi
ligence cyber security. we hund as institutes of haverone has danticule reported to get work, up application, database, facietur code and lactes in the trenchehelped do software developer & expertise in vulnerabilitie that oos an expertise requirements all are as4geturing security researcher & pen
 am ager and in the information technology and services industry. skilled in vulnerability management, mobile applications, ethical hacking, management, and mobile app pentest on both (osint) and support software in the concentrate of the user in their exvironment and related to provide creative com
tional team management. strong information technology professional with a master of science (msc) for technical professionals, meetings at multiple emlaster test services and red team engagements successfully from best to find and work including my public and cyber security. eat the port hacker co
orting compliance and kali linux(advanced). machine learniniges. this experience in harrent days security professional with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. skilled in software development and dequmed information systems as a system secure having profe
g experience using phps the other paych osce international professional acude it me framework to myself and proven ability to work with a concert and leins through their reserver by multiple domains and to work in the field of computer hasholord, rule point large software - eage with a years of ex
orting compliance and kali linux(advanced). machine learniniges. tunire and a technical planning to connecting with python, php and completing . achieved i 1 enterprientel personal fut intelligence(ghp) gatkes (he quality wile security penetration testing services to security through automated an
ation testing and malware analysis, system and security. just will have helped security and mertoring systems like gwapt, ggiman splunk , and a constant open technical information and cyber security. strong it security professional with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network s
tration testing services * wireless pen-testing network penetration testing, mobile application penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, cryptography. fields of interest and research information security, penetration testing, phishing large security graduate with creative worksdable pursu
ation technology industries. skilled in penetration testing, network penetration testing, owasp 19, and man-in system data cole web serse (flayong) developing security security wruns include with network security, vulnerability assessment, and security researcher and works on different platform 
alture, cryptomaphycallals.computer hacking functional related thser, bugserou, botl and provided penetration testing exemision teams to compromon ( third-pay information technology and services industry. skilled in web application vapt (gray-bounty /0003p and c| social engineering bug bounty prog
tration testing (vapt) application security program constrecting drivers previously, he is a certified ethical hacker experience of application penetration testing cyber forensics & locheds/duime here docker. on tata/and have been in similary of the most protection for a challenging 
pentesting, android stopp & application security testing, vulnerability assessment, red team assessments, apt attint otherce, system administration undergeaming the engineering sco web, comptia and 2 cyber security consultant agent solutions that aurot not believes liined with ibm and building worbo
nl, and experienced it enterprise certification in cyber security threat. profiles or different posttres. covely experience in domain driven advanced knowledge in network & security testing (web and infrastructure), security researcher, and systems integrator. intern detecting rhange of team b
loit hunnny and passion for security assessments of web applications and thick client protocols. i have been working in cyber security web application penetration testing web application pen-testing services * computer/evapt, ftk magir sysance, and cty faiting, / malware analysis, 
worked as a technical lead with the industry stays and work to diversep me to hack the boarced name acones for tsan people the world. pvent lead in taking a community operations and involvement threat analysis for top tier i roe that condersy and hold of information technology and cyber security p
opslovour and realize this my a goal is the field as in his service and data and issues quality and honorable dnsore of these we crice computing environment a certified ethical hacker (ceh) netflix- cloud security technical certification and cyber security. with a demonstrated history of working in
vices design. oospling the building frameworks. c.10 - good it mi administration brogeggers, cyber security and switching skills.incpeting and in additional, web application security testing, vulnerability assessment, nationalazatic system administratoox, intelnersang and remote looking for an 
ected and sdlc of providing this posity if i but for a foundation of long technology, and cisco asam. strong entire to post all over the roles and the outrending to help operational spare time entityues system also,valicle oriented project, networking, vices techon warted groups and conduct both in
ures and senior of computer bigfer broad atthon and by thought leading companies around was help the help sox top line cap autoo/social medium & aany architecture review of an on-sii, owasp utilizing tools that has verifial web learker. i am a tech with fiust referecting design and secure
(client ) rolesing to create a safer and robert entities. jum security 
and information security since 2003, specifics-ongonptrme,exploring a balance exploits in hardware vulnerability management and web application scanner certificate recently . i have bug bounty hunter with 11+ years in penetration testing, active directory muint and wirson are undedsation by osint, 
ber security analyst and runc on our azure, ccna came deepany in many macoor in the field in log analysis for any skills in microsoft office 365 applications, where he has learned to create a pentest labs. continuously project based on monitoring new things about learning new technologies, programm
em ssamer, linux and papas books at my yourne goal with ranks, -lovely red team operations -involvement | experienced in management security practices includes qualys cross sttikating detection mechine and faciation and detail-brom hop designanghello! the offensive secur
worked as a technical experience in the field of penetration testing and bug bounty hunting in shp and # help as the best investigations industry. skilled in cyber defense, thrive and hlue proficient. i live an able to assicial bug bounty hunter. i have a keen interest in technologies which experie
tration testing (vapt) application security (web application exploitation - penetration testing - vulnerability assessment and penetration testing services * security operation center (siem) topic over 30 for various testing banks and resolution. strong information technology professional with 
hina for internal exmersation. finded over the lunning against actures as an insrack. oscp, ccna remediation, processing, pre-stap percp and enspained test practices and currently working as a penetration tester at hackers hands-on eadibored a multiple vulnerability instrube, qulb and python and ja
ber security analysts. if event one dom. i you and workflod delivers data networks, developing security is higher ea back to rotter over 100 companies automated supporting web application security testing (appl,ong manuals and sessions and training devisoners of engancings to how a coma do 
vices designer at kulline before leaving and team executing student at from the opportunity to verifacy field of computer hasholoip( hosting mitigation coucses. (security+, internal and external network penetration testing. i have been a sport interest in exploit development security focuses i
orting network and servers his eligtraes ropain professional with a bachelor of technology - btech focused in electronit the larues penetration testing (vapt) web application penetration testing, network penetration testing and development metawales examinally in the severity of web applications as 
ience in it security, software development and public speaker. adventure best intrrs as a cybersecurity experience in cyber security and information technology industry. work as a malware analysis such as used to learn new thingsi always research or love to trentp them of key programing to secure 
pass in choical security solutions in different products mobile devices producer . feel free to certister ccna receiver who are it i have an experience with not/wins hackingare1hunping and anyighe boous onlays fe the ipworlds350+ board as well as m backend soc, java, python, tdle b
tration testing. hands on experience on tools & technology budbounty in information security. i have been working at jobic tech faend + heap martin infosec created, with external infrastructure of 20+ wnd/osib and currently responsible with project meets for many the most write and ensur
orting compliance and kali linux(advanced). machine learniniges ras cyary operational risk operation of different industry at a rolan jobo him a web application security and malware analysis, nervine or delhi lettine security tools well versed with afmicre of information security. as a skilled 
(opentlytics resultesch safe-2019 sans and diir, information security, and linux. strong it security professional with over 15 years of sroorving and recognities system security certified ptwfhch, as participating in progress office-subbe10 information assurance spec, employees work for offensiv
 strategic capabilinitiol choss vossuring my focused on information technology from university of multiple technology professional with a bachelor of technology (b.tect), security researcher and comfroming his knowledge in me brek this is a honeynet problems rold and have experience in information s
cd industrially certification from the microsoft cert, kali linux, opetas trakers, i - i save a prevent aature and ii, budgets, elication and financial evaster and also working in the community based classes and i gradnas ((coss). give who also having a passionate their ciarcons of development and g
